Title: Category Financial Analyst
Webindex: 69537413
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: International FMCG Company requires Category Financial Analyst to provide ongoing business support to key category teams. The role will be part of a cross functional team targeted to deliver stretching business results. About You You will be ideally be CIMA Finalist or Newly Qualified with a proven track record within Financial Analysis. It is essential that applicants have a strong aptitude for systems and the ability to communicate effectively with Sales & Marketing Management. About The Role The Category Financial Analyst will report to the Category Finance Manager working to deliver specific performance targets along with clear financial & market analysis. Other duties include:  Monthly financial category performance  reporting and identifying opportunities for performance improvement.  Acting as Finance business partner assisting the development of cross functional relations.  Involvement in corporate pricing strategy for new and existing products.  Providing financial support for all promotional activity including new product launches, marketing initiatives and pricing incentives.  Supporting the supply and demand process and ensuring all financial exposures are minimised.  Assisting with the Category Forecasting process, reporting and analysis  Close liaison with UK production team to gain a full understanding of the key factors affecting this process. About Our Client This client of Howett Thorpe is a leading international FMCG company with a rich and vibrant history spanning over 60 years. Things you should know  2**** days holiday  Car allowance  Company pension  Private Healthcare  Free parking Commutable from Addlestone, Aldershot, Ascot, Bagshot, Bracknell, Camberley, Chertsey, Cobham, Egham, Epsom, Esher, Farnborough, Farnham, Feltham, Fleet, Frimley, Guildford, Hook, Kingston, Leatherhead, Lightwater, London, Maidenhead, Slough, Staines, Sunbury, Walton, West Byfleet, Weybridge, Windlesham, Windsor, Woking Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within 5 working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)