Title: MultiChannel Finance Manager
Webindex: 69221776
Company: Firefly Human Capital
Description: This is a new role within a dynamic household name retail business. The purpose of the Multi Channel Finance Manager is to lead a team which drives the channels, individually and collectively, towards delivery of their Business Plan?s Financial and NonFinancial KPIs. This will be achieved by performing the following key activities; ? Manage the analysis and reporting of progress towards the delivery of **** profitable, and sustainable routes to market (eCommerce, Convenience, Home, B2B and Hospitality) to senior stakeholder inc board and MD with timely and insightful analysis ? Leadership, Training and Development  build and develop a team of analysts as a centre of excellence, to support the multi Channel Directorships. Ensure effective working relationships with their customers and build an effective talent pipeline and succession plans ? Business Partnership/ Decision Support  Support the business and proactively lead thinking in the drive towards delivery of financial and non Financial KPIs. Drive excellent decision making, supported by clear financial analysis and recommendations ? Identify and recommend opportunities to drive and accelerate sales & Margin growth, efficiency and cost management to maximise ROIC across the Channel P&Ls  ensuring that interdependencies, and customer missions are considered across each Channel / route to market as well as the core business. ? Own and manage the process to ensure sound finance appraisal and post investment appraisal for all projects/ strategic initiatives within the Channels, to ensure impacts and assumptions are clearly understood and defined. ? Drive the shaping of the strategic direction and delivery of the Business Plan, Budgeting and Reforecast process in line with Waitrose and Corporate timelines within the ****ey Waitrose Channels, ensuring a common understanding and ownership of plans supported by comprehensive reporting. You will be a highly impressive, qualified accountant with **** yrs PQE and you will have retail or FMCG experience ideally having had exposure to channel reporting and management. This is a superb opportunity to advance your career within a household name, fast growing, retail organisation. To avoid disappointment please only apply if you have the relevant skills.