Title: Private Client Tax Supervisor
Webindex: 68996576
Company: Prospect Recruitment Ltd
Description: My client, a leader in the provision of business and financial advisory services requires a Taxation Supervisor to join their specialist private client tax team based in Chatham. This role is the result of an employee going on maternity leave in the near future. Those who are ATT and/or CTA qualified will be of most interest however, my client will consider those who are qualified by experience. The main responsibilities of this private client tax role include: The client?s engagements The following are typical of the tasks that you will be expected to carry out on the client?s behalf.  Prepare personal and partnership returns.  Review tax returns and accompany workings to an extent appropriate to the complexity of the engagement and experience of the staff thus far involved;  Complete posting for complex or missing areas of tax returns or oversee this;  Prepare more complex capital gains (CGT) computations;  Prepare replies to complex client or third party correspondence, seeking further input as appropriate;  Have direct contact with the client and third parties including HMRC;  Identify the potential for more complex tax planning opportunities and recommend appropriate strategies including basic inheritance tax advice;  Attend client meetings; These tasks will be carried out subject to minimal or no supervision. It I anticipated that you will recognise situations where you need to seek technical assistance. Staff training and other  Providing on the job training for junior staff where possible and providing feedback on a timely basis.  Assisting managers and partners with technical research and technical writing for client and marketing purposes. If you have a number of years personal tax / private client tax experience and are happy to work for a leading regional firm on a contract basis, please apply now or call Prospect Recruitment and speak with Tom Midmore. Please note that the salary bracket stated on this advert is not set by the client. The salary would depend upon experience, qualifications and the comparable candidates available at the time. We represent positions in the following disciplines: Accountancy, Audit, Taxation, Insolvency, Corporate Finance and Business Recovery. More information about Prospect Recruitment is available on our website  prospectrecruitment