Title: AVP AUDITOR
Webindex: 71188411
Company: Finance Professionals Ltd.
Description: Our client is a major international corporate financial institution seeking an experienced auditor (13 years PQE) to join the EMEA team in the London office. You will have responsibility for a range of audit projects throughout the year across wholesale banking. You will look at loan impairments, vanilla lending, FX trades, trade finance, project and structured finance, complex derivatives and securitisation. You will be expected to conduct audits in these areas as well as going beyond risk analysis of credit. You will be responsible for conducting and leading the audit projects. Key Responsibilities: To be Responsible for researching and planning audit assignments, undertaking fieldwork, and recording results and to Conduct risk focused audits and other adhoc assignments in the EMEA region. To identify internal control weaknesses and make suitable recommendations. To monitor actions taken in response to audit recommendations. On occasions act as a Chief Auditor: manage the audit resources assigned, meet the time frames set for the assignment, manage the quality of the audit work, and draft audit reports The role will be based in London with approximately 20% European Travel. Experience (Must be eligible to work in the UK) Must have wide experience and knowledge of processes and controls over wholesale banking activities, including loan impairments, lending/credit activities, treasury products, risk management and operations General understanding of how a bank works Considerable professional external or internal auditing experience with an international bank is preferable Big 4 backgrounds will be considered IF you have the relevant UK experience in the areas mentioned above Appropriate educational qualifications and a professional audit qualification e.g. ACA, ACCA, CIMA, CIA Personal communication skills to be able to influence management (oral and written skills), and to maintain effective relationships with audit clients. Finance Professionals is part of Hydrogen Group. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AVPAUDITOR_job****