Title: Financial Services Administrator  Pensions
Webindex: 69537375
Company: Specialist Recruit
Description: Job Description My lovely client in Dorking is seeking administrators to join their team, this is an extremely exciting time for the company and someone with previous financial services experience, ideally in pensions can look forward to a long and rewarding career. Responsibilities To promote and ensure that all KPI targets for the portfolio are consistently exceeded. Liaise with internal and external customers to ensure that the service proposition is achieved and customer relations are continually enhanced. Take responsibility for and proactively manage the relationships with the allocated portfolio of schemes ensuring customer records are kept up to date including all internal housekeeping To have a good understanding of all administration processes, systems and legislation. To maintain and improve own knowledge and understanding. To proactively develop relationships with clients and work with them to identify and make changes to our processes and procedures. To identify training needs within the team and undertake training where required. To handle dissatisfactions and complaints. To have a full understanding of how retirements, admin and sales impact each other. Knowledge, Skills and Behaviours Plan and organise workload whilst taking into account changes and conflicts in priorities Customer focused Highly motivated Team Player Flexible and open minded High level of accuracy Excellent numerical and communication skills Flexibility in approach to working hours and working patterns. Good working knowledge of all Corporate Pensions products including Group Stakeholder, Group Personal Pensions and Occupational Pension Schemes. Detailed knowledge and an excellent understanding of the TCF outcomes Experience and Qualifications **** GCSE s (or equivalent) at grade C or above including Maths and English Solid knowledge of UK Pensions legislation and administration A methodical approach to process and administration Understanding of UK occupational pension arrangements Have at least 2 years pension administration experience with exposure to occupational pensions administration Working towards or qualified in CF**** and FA2