Title: Call Centre Advisors  inbound
Webindex: 72692007
Company: Carole Nash
Description: Up to **** per annum plus uncapped bonus  Altrincham Various shift patterns Looking for a serious relationship? Strictly business you understand. Join Carole Nash and we ll be talking commitment to helping you enjoy real career prospects as together we see just how far your talents can take you. We re an organisation focused on success and delivering customer service. So, to become one of our brilliant advisors, you ll need true commitment and the communication skills that mean you can build great rapport. You ll also need a genuine interest in our customers In return for your commitment, we ll commit to outstanding training, including a comprehensive induction  and one of the industry s best benefits packages. Successful candidates will have a background of working in a customer focused environment, ideally gained in a call centre, although you might also have a background in other customer centric environments. Most importantly though you will demonstrate the following skills and attributes: Excellent Rapport building A desire to provide quality customer service Comfortable and competent to work in a telephony based environment Enjoy the challenge of hitting and exceeding targets The ability to immediately spot opportunities and encourage customers to take advantage of worthwhile additional benefits We re a business with customer service at our core. So, to be one of our advisors, it goes without saying that you ll need real commitment and brilliant communication skills, but you will also need a robust confidence of dealing with PC s and software systems, as well as the ability to learn quickly. In return, we offer outstanding training, including a comprehensive induction. And fantastic benefits such as an uncapped, monthly commission scheme with an annual realistic OTE of ****k to ****k, a flexible annualised contract, a pension, subsidised gym membership, free life insurance and lots more.