Title: Deputy Bank Manager
Webindex: 68672345
Company: M & S Bank
Description: With M S Bank, we're creating something truly special. What makes us so different? Well, for a start, the bank will be unquestionably M S. We've learnt a lot about fairness, integrity and personal service during the last 127 years as one of the UK's favourite retailers. Like every other part of Marks Spencer, M S Bank will be built on the values of Quality, Value, Service, Innovation and, above all, Trust. The service we deliver will be expert, friendly and truly focused on the customer. We'll look to build lasting relationships with everyone who banks with us. And as our bank branches will be situated within M S stores we'll share the same opening hours, making things far more convenient for our customers. We may be new, but we're built on the foundations of M S Money, which has provided outstanding products and exceptional service for over 25 years. And being owned by HSBC, we're in partnership with one of the world's biggest and most trusted financial institutions. We're right at the start of a very exciting new journey. We are opening more than **** branches across the country over the next two years. And by joining the team at the very beginning, you could be part of it all. ABOUT THE ROLE You'll develop the team and lead by example  giving them the motivation, training and expertise to bring our values to life, treat our customers fairly and deliveroutstanding service. We'll also look to you to support the Bureau de Change team deliver challenging targets for sales and customer service. But your biggest responsibility will be to create an inbranch experience that feels truly different and uniquely M S. ABOUT YOU This is why we're looking for proven leaders with experience of facetoface customer service andoperational management within a retail bank. Knowledge of our products and services, and the regulations involved, is also vital, as is the drive and tenacity to make changes when they're needed. The real key to your success will be your ability to inspire your team to embrace and embody our values. Get this right, and you'll have a great career with us. At M S Bank we invest in our people and training is imperative in order to deliver against our brand values. As such, we will provide a comprehensive training programme which will be delivered over an 11 week period (three of which will be residential in Chester). Our rewards package includes pension, life assurance, 20% M S discount card and various recognition schemes that reward your contribution in different ways. Salary includes **** per annum territorial allowance This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeputyBankManager_job****