Title: Senior Catastrophe Risk Analyst
Webindex: 70164921
Company: Hillman Saunders
Description: Highly respected Lloyd s Syndicate is seeking to recruit an experienced Catastrophe Analyst / Risk Modeller to join a growing Exposure Management team. With the promise of significant career development and a high level of autonomy you will enjoy exposure to multiple classes of business and geographic territory across direct, reinsurance and binded business. The successful candidate will have a proven track record within a Catastrophe risk environment from either a Lloyd s Syndicate, Company or Broking background and will have a solid understanding of AIR and/or RMS software and its practical application. Given the centralised nature of the role and close working relationships with both internal and external customers first class communication skills will be considered a prerequisite. The successful candidate will have a proven track record within a Catastrophe risk environment from either a Lloyd s Syndicate, Company or Broking background and will have a solid understanding of AIR and/or RMS software and its practical application. Given the centralised nature of the role and close working relationships with both internal and external customers first class communication skills will be considered a prerequisite. A strong scientific or numerate degree or equivalent coupled with advanced MS Excel is essential. Hillman Saunders is considered a Market Leader within recruitment of Catastrophe Modellers / Analysts for the London and Lloyd s Insurance Market with an established client portfolio of leading Lloyd s Syndicates, Brokers, Composite Insurers and software houses. We are expecting a high volume of applications and therefore if you do not meet the minimum requirements as set out above then unfortunately your application will not be considered further.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business