Title: Head of Governance, Assurance & Audit
Webindex: 66793736
Company: Housing 21
Description: Housing **** as a leading national provider of care and housing services now requires a Head of Governance, Assurance Audit to work in their Birmingham office. Reporting into the Director of Business Development, the purpose of the post is to lead teams to deliver the corporate objectives in the following areas: governance, quality and compliance, audit risk, health safety and the management of customer feedback. The role is also expected to maintain and build on their strong relationship with the Homes and Communities Agency as the regulator for social housing providers in England. Key tasks: Governance Develop robust and effective corporate governance measures, processes and working practices, ensuring that Housing **** makes best use of Board time to deliver effective decisionmaking. Develop the high level accountability and delegated authority framework for the group and oversee its operation so as to ensure that the business has clear accountabilities traceable back to Board level. Develop governance policy proposals, advising the Chair, Board, and committees on all relevant aspects of their work. Quality and Compliance To act as a specialist quality and compliance resource to operational and other staff and as an expert to partner and external agencies. To develop and maintain robust relationships with key personnel from the HCA and Care Quality Commission (CQC). To ensure that Housing **** understands and meets the regulatory standards set by the HCA and CQC. Audit and Risk Manage a professional internal audit service meeting external standards and giving the Board and Directors assurance on the effectiveness of controls. To devise, implement and develop appropriate audit tools which encompass all operational aspects of the businesses, and going forward take responsibility for auditing and assessing the performance and ability of the business to demonstrate its compliance against the regulatory and organisation or local standards. Health and Safety To be responsible for leading the health and safety requirements of the company, including developing appropriate audit systems to ensure compliance. With the Health and Safety team develop the Health and Safety Plan and identify priorities in the plan and action these. Complaints Management Implement, maintain, develop and report on an appropriate system which is capable of monitoring compliments and complaints. Candidate Requirements: Significant experience of complex governance and regulatory relations. Relevant Professional Qualification. Experience of working for an independent organisation whose work brings it into regular contact with central and local government. High level experience in audit, risk management or regulating. Possessing excellent interpersonal skills and influencing ability, candidates should have strong written and communication skills. Proven ability to deliver corporate objectives including the implementation of organisational and cultural changes. Uptodate knowledge of current government or sector initiatives and an understanding of the applicable legislative regulatory frameworks for social care, health care or housing services. Ability to build productive relationships and successfully work with external regulators and internal directors and board members. Can demonstrate sustained levels of personal initiative to create innovative effective solutions to business needs and the ability to proactively share these with colleagues for universal gain. Leads from the front and acts as a role model for professional standards and customer service. Demonstrates high ethical values and sets the standards for others to follow and adhere to. Genuinely passionate about achieving sustaining excellence. Takes pride in doing so. Housing **** is one of the UK's most respected Housing Associations, they are the largest nonprofit care provider and a national leader in innovative, affordable housing, making a difference on a large scale and with a turnover of more than ****m. Through established community links the organisation is focused on localised delivery and responding to the diverse needs of older people and their communities. They are a driving force in developing a range of new support services to achieve their vision of a life of choice for older people What's on offer: Basic Salary ****  **** depending on experience plus benefits package. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page.