Title: COUNTRY COMPLIANCE OFFICER – FLUENT GERMAN REQUIRED
Webindex: 69538751
Company: Compliance Recruitment Solutions
Description: Our Client, a major insurance group, is looking to recruit a Country Compliance Officer to assist the business in the management of compliance in Germany and Austria and to ensure that all regulatory requirements are identified, processes are in place to ensure standards can be met, monitoring is undertaken and guidance and training for improvement provided as necessary. Reporting to the Regional Compliance Officer (RCO) based in the UK, duties will include; bull; nbsp;Assist management in ensuring that all Associates understand all applicable Group polices (including Financial Crime, ABC, Conflict Management and Complaint Handling policies and the Sanctions Protocol) and that local operating procedures incorporate controls to ensure compliance with all other Group policies bull; nbsp;Approve any changes to operating procedures and provide input into the development of new operating procedures resulting from new product developments and initiatives bull; nbsp;Provide guidance and advice to management in developing awareness of the need to adhere to the highest business conduct and ethical standards in relation to business activities. bull; nbsp;Monitor regulatory developments and report any new or proposed regulation or legislation that may impact Group to management and RCO. bull; nbsp;Work with local management to ensure clear communication and understanding of all Group policies and procedures and other regulatory information, and how these are addressed by local operating procedures. bull; nbsp;Provide training on local regulatory requirements and Group policies including financial crime, ABC, sanctions, managing conflicts of interests, including the need to adhere to the highest business conduct and ethical standards in relation to business activities. bull; nbsp;Ensure that all required training is completed and adequate records maintained. bull; nbsp;Analyse completed self assessment file reviews, final inspections reports, internal audit reports, external audit reports, licensing authority examinations and other performance data to identify weaknesses in internal controls and training needs. Recommend actions, if any, to be taken including responsibility and review date. bull; nbsp;Report to Group Compliance and assist in the investigation of any suspected, alleged or actual breaches of legal or regulatory requirements or internal compliance policies and standards, and ensure that any established breach is appropriately resolved including corrective actions, responsibility, timelines and review date. bull; nbsp;Monitor the Group Gifts Policy, provide guidance on interpretations, provide training to Associates, and report any issues to management and the RCO. Maintain records of all gift queries and responses. bull; nbsp;Develop corrective action plans and track implementation status. Identify and communicate additional action required by senior management where persistent issues are noted within the region bull; nbsp;Support completion of quarterly Controls Risk SelfAssessment bull; nbsp;Ensure that advertising and research material is reviewed from a regulatory compliance and reputational risk viewpoint with issues discussed with Group Compliance as required. bull; nbsp;Work with management to ensure that all applicable licensing/regulatory requirements are met You should be fluent in English amp; German and have a broad regulatory background with several years senior compliance experience ideally gained within the insurance broking environment, although other backgrounds will be considered. nbsp; Please call Spencer Herbert on **** **** **** for a confidential discussion about this position or send your details to spencercompliancerecruitment.com Compliance Recruitment Solutions Limited (CRS) are acting as an employment agency in relation to this role. nbsp; The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove that they are legally entitled to work in the UK. Through application, all candidates signify their acceptance of the above information and confirm that the information they provide is true and accurate to the best of their knowledge. nbsp;