Title: Head of Investment Operations
Webindex: 69779348
Company: Aviva
Description: Aviva is the largest insurer in the UK, and the 6th largest in the world. It's own staff pension schemes are amongst the most complex in the UK by scale, nature of investment portfolio, and governance. Assets are currently measured at ****bn; the emphasis is on achieving competitive returns within a strong framework of risk management. We are now recruiting for a Head of Investment Operations. This senior role will carry considerable responsibility to identify, evaluate and implement operational opportunities which improve the schemes' ability to meet their investment objectives. Reporting into the Pensions Investment Director, this new and exciting role will form part of a newly established in house team. The main remit for the successful individual will be to drive continuous improvement, manage costs and increase the speed and quality of output enabling effective oversight and decision making. MI is a key aspect of this role so you would have indepth experience in this space. The MI created will be vital in ensuring that the Trustee's are satisfied that the required return is being met, and that risks are being managed. You will be responsible for improvements leading to better flow of information, better decision making, and significant cost savings. You would also look to implement and manage clear and robust project plans, including relevant risk assessments. In order to be considered for this position you must come from a significant investment background where you have had considerable operational management responsibilities and can demonstrate innovation regarding MI and process improvement. You will be experienced of working on large projects, have a broad asset class knowledge and possess strong operational and investment risk awareness SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE  Advanced, in depth knowledge of fund management middle or back office processes and or systems  A well developed maths capability, familiarity with performance measurement and risk measurement techniques.  Advanced organisational  e.g. project planning and management.  Advanced presentation skills, both written and verbal.  Familiar with investment mandate terms across multi assets including standard and non standard (e.g. LDI, hedging, or illiquid/private strategies) EXPERIENCE  Familiarity with UK Pensions, especially from an investment perspective  Demonstrable experience of designing and implementing systems or processes which provide MI  Working with or within large size pension schemes, particularly in the middle or back office,  Demonstrable experience of working on and delivering complex projects, involving multiple touch points  Experience in performance and or risk measurement highly desirable, including data handling aspects.  From a back/middle office perspective:  Multi assets experience, equities, bonds, real estate and alternatives  Liability hedging experience