Title: UX Technical Lead
Webindex: 69173163
Company: DST global solutions
Description: The Anova Development team delivers enhancement projects using Agile (Scrum), and is divided across a number of Scrum Teams in both our UK and Bangkok development centres.Functionality is across the breadth of the application – from backend server code (analytics engines) to frontend presentation (fat and thin client, browser based). Reporting to the Development Manager the UX Technical Lead is expected to fulfil the role of a Principal Developer within a specialised UX Scrum team. You will provide leadership, advice and consultancy for other Scrum teams in UX related matters.Your guidance will help to define common standards for developing the UI, to ensure consistency of look and feel for our solutions in line with DST GS branding. Accountabilities: To be an active part of a specialised team addressing the consistency of look and feel of the existing applications under the Anova banner, as well as delivering new UI functionality and coverage. To lead the definition and maintenance of UI standards for workflow, branding and look and feel of both browser and mobile based applications under the Anova banner and to provide guidance and consultancy to other Scrum teams to ensure consistency of look and feel across the application. To review existing applications and identify work required to align those solutions with the defined standards. To work with the Solutions teams to establish a branded look and feel for the Anova application, for delivery through browser and mobile channels. To participate in delivery of own work and lead reviews of colleagues’ work and to provide guidance and feedback on aspects of program design, creation, testing and documentation. To analyse requirements for fitness for purpose as well as adherence to business objectives and consistency, challenging positively as appropriate. Responsible for producing and assisting in the production of wireframe designs, proof of concepts, and production applications. In order to be successful in this position you will have: Previous experience in the definition and documentation of UX standards. Strong experience in the review and refactoring of existing applications Practical knowledge in the design and development of new applications for delivery to the end user via browser and mobile channels Previously worked in an agile environment, ideally within the financial software sector. Ability to solve complex problems and think innovatively in terms of the presentation of business and/ or operational data through browser or mobile based channels Strong understanding of UI programming Languages and frameworks including: JavaScript, AJAX, JavaScript Frameworks (ideally SmartClient). Is experienced in reviewing and refactoring existing solutions, to meet a defined standard. You will likely be degree educated or have significant relevant experience with the ability to clearly communicate at all level of business with both technical and nontechnical audiences. You will have strong leadership skills and the ability to push projects forward to achieve results. About DST Global Solutions DST Global Solutions is a leading provider of software and services to many of the world’s best known financial, utilities, telecoms and communications organisations. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of DST Systems, Inc. and serve more than **** client organisations from 16 offices internationally to support our growing client base. Through our Investment Management Solutions (IMS) business, we offer Asset Servicing, Data Management and Analytics, and Distribution solutions to the world’s premier investment management institutions. Through our Billing Solutions business, we have built a track record of delivering robust and reliable billing and customer management solutions to various utilities companies and financial services entities. For more information about DST Global Solutions please visit our website: www.dstglobalsolutions.com If this vacancy interests you please forward your CV and covering letter to: jobsdstglobalsolutions.com or for more information on this This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UXTechnicalLead_job****