Title: Quantitative Analytics Manager
Webindex: 71621371
Company: Kennedy Pearce Consulting Ltd
Description: My client is currently looking for a Quantitative Analytics Manager who will play a key role in developing, implementing and maintaining a suite of credit risk stress testing models across the Wholesale and International Credit Risk function. You will have the following responsibilities: The successful candidate will have a range of responsibilities and accountabilities, including:  Work with senior management, in the scoping, planning, design, development, validation and implementation of credit risk stress testing models used to produce impairment and regulatory capital forecasts for the WICR function of the bank, ensuring models are compliant to internal standards and approved through all governance processes to agreed timescales. Ensure views of all stakeholders are taken into account in all new model developments, that these are technically sound and meet Group Risk standards.  Actively participate in the enhancement of credit risk stress testing methodologies and architecture, develop and propose improved solutions that will lead to advancements of both data and model toolkit architectures.  Timely delivery of ongoing stress testing activities (e.g. operating planning quarterly forecasting exercises, FSA/EBA stress testing submissions, adhoc regulatory requests, etc.).  Ensuring that stress testing outputs are robust and are successfully integrated into the business to deliver tangible benefits.  Develop, operate and maintain a credit risk stress testing quantitative framework, ensuring that processes are in place and all coding used for the implementation of all stress testing models are fully tested and audited to internal standards.  Prepare model approval / reapproval technical documents and papers to a high standard.  Act as a point of contact throughout the stress testing model development lifecycle with all key stakeholders, including the business unit who require the model, other colleagues within Credit Portfolio Management (CPM), Group Risk and others as required.  Project manage individual model development projects as well as managing the activities of teams working on such developments, to ensure that models are delivered on time and meet business requirements.  Represent the WICR perspective within various projects and committees, deputising for senior QA colleagues as required, ensuring that wider quantitative initiatives across the Group deliver models which are both robust and also commercially useful in a wholesale banking context.  Manage a small team of statistical/quantitative specialists to ensure that their contribution to the business is optimised, that staff are developed to their maximum potential and that their overall capacity is increased, avoiding key skill dependencies. Manage team members where required including organising and reviewing work, setting objectives/timelines, monitoring performance against objectives, providing feedback, holding ****:****s, conducing quarterly appraisals, identifying training and development requirements.  Develop a network of external contacts within the risk industry and keep abreast of all relevant regulatory and legislative changes ensuring compliance is achieved at all times The following knowledge will be desirable:  A dedicated, motivated and resultdriven individual who can effectively work with others across different areas to deliver high quality solutions in a timely manner. Proactive and a selfdeveloper.  A good degree in a quantitative discipline (maths, statistics, operational research, physics, economics, engineering). A postgraduate qualification (MSc, PhD) would be advantageous.  Previous experience in banking and/or financial services, ideally with direct experience in the development of credit risk and/or stress testing models; knowledge of econometric modelling would be advantageous.  Professional qualifications such as CFA, CQF, GARP, PRMIA would be advantageous but not essential.  Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and nontechnical colleagues and to management, including formal presentations. Proven track record of tailoring communication to the audience.  Experience of coaching junior colleagues and/or non technical colleagues.  Working knowledge of Basel II Accord. Demonstrable knowledge of policies and regulations (BIPRU, etc.) in a credit risk stress testing context.  In depth knowledge of modern risk management techniques within wholesale banking and experience in credit risk modelling, including technical expertise of Markov Chains, Monte Carlo simulation, timeseries forecasting, credit risk stress testing, impairment and capital forecasting, etc.  Familiarity with industry standard credit risk and portfolio modelling tools would be advantageous.  Proven ability in the use of statistical packages (e.g. SAS, R, SPLUS, etc.); advanced MSExcel skills (including VBA programming).  Experienced in working with relational databases (e.g. MSAccess, Oracle, SQL Server) and excellent data manipulation and management skills (e.g. SQL).  Good team management, project management and communication (both written and verbal) skills, including the ability to lead and motivate others. Good time management and people management skills.  Ability to work well in a team under pressure, meeting tight deadlines.  Ability to work quickly and at a high level of detail and accuracy.