Title: Cost and Planning Coordinator
Webindex: 71555049
Company: Reed
Description: Our client is the UK s biggest water and sewerage company with around 14 million customers. You would be joining a company with an amazing history and exciting future. There are a diverse set of roles within the organisation, ranging from engineering, scientific opportunities through to contact centre and regulation, finance and IT. On offer is a welcoming work environment and extensive benefits, as well as opportunities for career progression within the business. Role details An exciting role has arisen within a dynamic team at our client s organisation. Due to the nature of the role, it will provide you with the opportunity to develop your stakeholder engagement skills and open good development opportunities. This is a high profile role throughout the business which will require an individual with a challenging mindset to take responsibility for reporting on a 140 million programme. You will provide validation and assurance of deliverer costs, outputs and forecast updates to projects and programmes related to the directly managed capital programme. You will be required to provide all directly managed capital expenditure and physical output information for monthly reporting pack. This role will also see you analyse performance on SAP, report on trends, issues and areas for improvement, maintaining the accuracy and reliability of all information generated. Key responsibilities:  Validate and assure the accuracy of contractor financial updates prior to entering the deliverer data into company financial systems.  Monitor the deliverer s performance at providing financial and nonfinancial data both in terms of accuracy and timeliness.  Take proactive action where necessary to support the team in driving the performance of the deliverer (in relation to quality assured and timely reporting).  Ensure accurate and timely financial information is provided to the business in order to manage resources, programmes, projects and deliverables.  Proactively identify inefficiencies in contractor/company cost and support the business to drive performance of the nominated deliverers.  Actively support the Delivery and Performance Manager to drive improved performance across the peer group.  Establish appropriate levels of communication with client groups, contractor s staff and external bodies. Your profile To be successful in this role you will possess strong analytical skills, along with the ability to use Microsoft Excel and Word at an advanced level. Knowledge of SAP financial modules would be a distinct advantage. Excellent communication skills coupled with the ability to challenge effectively are paramount to your success in this role. We are looking for a strong team player who has the ability to identify change and use a methodical approach to working. You must hold a full valid driving licence The closing date for this role is Thursday 14th February, so please ensure your application is submitted on or before this date. To find out more about this role and other opportunities within the Water/Utility/Engineering industry then contact our Direct Sourcing team (MonFri, 8am6pm) on (Apply online only). Reed Consulting are part of Reed Specialist Recruitment who help public and private sector organisations of all sizes to transform performance by designing and implementing the most effective strategies to acquire and develop talent