Title: European Fraud Investigations Manager
Webindex: 69268169
Company: SLA Digital Forensics
Description: . An opportunity has arisen within a tier **** Bank to increase and enrich their fraud investigations team. The main purpose of the role is to conduct investigations into cases of known or suspected criminal or dishonest activity perpetrated by external fraudsters against the Bank and its customers, by the Bank s customers themselves or by Bank employees. Duties include:  Contribution to maximize recoveries  Contribution to the delivery of prevention savings  Maintaining an excellent working relationship with our customers, both internally and externally ensuring they are always kept up to date, in a timely manner.  Listen to and understand customers and colleagues, delivering solutions appropriate to their needs.  Manage the businesses expectations in relation to anticipated timescales of investigations, referring any problems in this respect immediately to the management/line management  Prepare and submit clear, concise, factual, unbiased, thorough and timely investigation reports  Fraud related project work  Fraud Risk Assessments  Special training initiatives Create a High Performance Culture by:  Being a visible role model displaying personal integrity and empathy and demanding it in others;  Inspiring, coaching and developing colleagues to achieve their potential;  Contributing to the creation of a vision and direction which gives the team a sense of connection to the bank and meaning in their work;  Encouraging the team to challenge the status quo for the benefit of the customer and the bank;  Ensuring you and the team understand What I need to know, what I need to do and how I need to do it. Proactively assessing operational risk so that you are successful in meeting:  Operational Quality and Internal Control Standards  Credit and Risk Policy  Group Compliance Policy and procedures  Bank specific Professional Standards KNOWLEDGE In depth, uptodate, knowledge of the following most likely to have been gained through a previous career within a police service:  Investigative processes.  Employment law.  Criminal law.  Bribery Act and AntiMoney Laundering regulations.  Interview procedure. EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS  Excellent manmanagement, verbal communication and interpersonal skills.  Excellent oral and written communications skills.  Excellent interviewing and counselling techniques.  Creativity and willingness to take the initiative.  Good analytical skills.  An enquiring mind with a good eye for detail.  Willingness to travel.  Fluency in one or more European languages would be an advantage. In return our client offers a competitive salary, an excellent bonus package and a unique team environment. Please contact me ASAP for further information.