Title: Financial Analyst  Northamptonshire  ****k****k
Webindex: 68710096
Company: Wavelength Professional Recruitment Limited
Description: The Company Our client is a rapidly expanding UK based company operating in numerous countries worldwide with a large and prestigious client portfolio. Specialising in the supply of bespoke shop fitting systems, lighting and flooring to a broad range of prestigious and well known retail brand partners A world class organisation, which mixes the best international practices with local market knowledge and expertise, seeking continual process refinement. They thrive on new challenges and are fiercely protective of market leadership. Many of the world's most successful companies have chosen our client as their global partner of choice The Requirement This is a newly created role arisen as a direct result of continuing and forecasted growth. To be based at their modern impressive offices in rural Northamptonshire. This is a key role supporting Project Managers and working closely with Commercial and Production management teams. Reporting to the Production Director the Financial Analyst will take responsibility for analysing and reporting on financial tenders received from suppliers and clients to ensure the business operates within the agreed margins and commercial models. The role is responsible for ensuring tenders costs analysis are in line with company / supplier budgets and allow the business to operate to the required gross profit targets. They will also ensure that financial information issued for each tender / project is 100% accurate and allows each business function to report the correct selling costs or manufacture costs, to enable contracts to be secured without risk. Day to day duties will include:  Regular, timely and accurate analysis and reporting of Gross Profit, Supplier costs Variance Analysis with applied agreed margins, Gross profit by project etc.  Close liaison and negotiation with suppliers in respect of product costs.  Provide financial guidance for Project Managers and provide support to facilitate the accurate setup, performance tracking and reporting of projects  To assist in the implementation of a Stock Control Management Systems The Person This role would suit a CIMA or ACCA studier with 23 years experience in an accounting environment ideally within a shopfitting, manufacturing or construction type industry. Exposure to costings, management reporting and procurement would be advantageous. Along with valuable experience towards your qualification there will be genuine prospects for progression as the business achieves its forecasted growth. You will need to be able to 'think on your feet' and be a solutions provider. You will be a good team person who can develop good working relationships with colleagues, customers and suppliers alike. You will need to be able to communicate in English, both orally and in writing. Knowledge of Microsoft Office programmes specifically excel to an advanced level is essential. In return you will receive an attractive basic salary, study support if required and have the opportunity to be part of a highly motivated team and work on interesting projects within an open and friendly environment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialAnalystNorthamptonshire****k****k_job****