Title: Head of Collections
Webindex: 71555639
Company: MERJE
Description: Our client: Our Client is a global and leading independent provider of safe payment services. They provide a globally connected, locally coordinated Card Payment Processing service for business both large and small. nbsp; Enabling businesses around the world to collect payments, using a swift, secure electronic payment solution. The role: As the Head of Collections you will be the senior lead on Collections and Remedial Risk management efforts for acquiring business. Key Accountabilities To manage both a portfolio of problem accounts (substandard, potentially failing credits) and a team of Collections professionals to ensure that Collections targets are met. Develop strategies and deploy staff to maximise Collection success rates. Working closely with senior credit management, legal counsel, operating units, Insolvency Practitioners, Banks, etc., the Manager will formulate and define workout strategies, restructurings, and turnaround plans to ensure the business does not suffer material loss in its acquiring book. Primary contact on liquidations, bankruptcies, administration, and receiverships. Participate in creditors rsquo; meetings and merchant audits, representing the company rsquo;s interests. Train a group of credit analysts and collectors and facilitate knowledge transfer and shared learning of best practices and key remedial risk principals Review current operating model, including use of third party collection agencies and solicitors, and seek to streamline processes and make more efficient and effective. Implement innovative and lateral debt recovery strategies successfully and flawlessly. Key requirements: Wealth of experience in problem account management and have the ability to detect problems early. Excellent analytical skills, quantitative and qualitative. Proven first class negotiating skills. Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. Detail and results orientated. Good people management skills