Title: Outbound Contact Centre Executive
Webindex: 69535179
Company: The Claims Guys
Description: Mon Thur 9am 8pm Fri 9am 3pm Full Part Time shifts available Key Duties and Responsibilities: To make a high volume (**** per hour) of warm outbound sales calls in order to sell the LeadX concept, verify customer needs and transfer the customer to the most suitable insurer. Achieve transfer call volume and call quality targets on an hourly basis. Transfer customer calls to the appropriate insurer ensuring that the call is handled according to the appropriate process. Record all call activity accurately on the LeadX Database. Work with colleagues to engender a strong team culture with an emphasis on creating a high performing, sales focused, target orientated unit. Take responsibility for personal training and development issues, working with Team Leader to establish a personal development plan. Contribute to a lively and high performing contact centre environment. Where appropriate, ensure all activity complies with relevant industry regulation. At all times ensure activity is undertaken so as to protect existing revenue streams and enhance LeadX's reputation in the market. Identify and report all operational risks and mitigating factors in line with the Company's risk policy. The Candidate: Successful candidates will have a solid background within a fast paced Sales environment. You will be a strong character with a passion and drive for success and hunger for results. Having previously worked within a busy Contact Centre, you will be self motivated and ambitious. You will be able to demonstrate extensive sales experience along with the ability to learn new practices, procedures and systems. Key Skills required: Target driven, motivated and able to thrive in a professionally demanding environment Strong communication skills with excellent telephone manner Confident in selling benefits and objection handling where required Proven record of success within sales and be able to evidence this Positive and professional approach to all areas of work Ability to communicate effectively with our customers Good understanding of English and Maths Proficient keyboard skills Ability to take on training provided and actively implement it to improve your skills within the role A strong team player demonstrating a positive outlook