Title: Audit Manager  Future Partner
Webindex: 71675054
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: This is not an ordinary audit manager role. Alongside the usual duties of an audit manager (detailed below), you will be expected to have the tenacity and drive to network, pitch for and win new business. The firm is looking for a manager who can expand the portfolio they are given and in the process secure promotion to the partnership. Duties:  Manage a large and varied portfolio of clients being a constant point of contact and providing expert advice.  Run the whole audit process.  Budget, plan and delegate audits.  Review the teams work, provide feedback and mentor juniors  Undertake accounts and tax work. This is a senior role with a lot of responsibility and therefore the right candidate is someone who has a number of years PQE and is confident in joining the firm, taking over a portfolio and begin growing it from the outset. Only candidates with the following criteria will be considered:  ACA/ACCA fully qualified with a number of years PQE.  Current management experience within a UK accountancy practice.  Excellent technical audit knowledge.  The ability to network and business develop.  A passion for practice accountancy and the desire to become a partner in a growing and professional firm. The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications fro A professional and growing medium size firm with an excellent reputation. An excellent salary and the real opportunity for the right person to make partnership. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AuditManagerFuturePartner_job****