Title: Principal Cost Estimator
Webindex: 70207793
Company: Oscar Associates Limited
Description: Key Accountabilities  Deliver timely and accurate estimates in accordance with the approved estimating processes and systems.  Ensure all relevant parties are fully aware of their roles and deliverables with respect to the estimating processes.  Provide leadership and direction to the Contractor estimators.  Participate and contribute to improving the estimating function, plus ensure integrity of data being processed.  Manage personal workload and delivery milestones in accordance with business priorities.  Ensure production of quality contractor estimates including application of appropriate norms, offshore allowances, unit rates etc.  Provide early estimates in support of change control and activity prioritisation processes.  Identify appropriate discipline resource mix and activity allowance uplifts dependant on the estimate maturity.  Evaluate alternative estimating systems & working practices with Contractor organisations.  Support systems benchmarking throughout the organisation and assist the implementation of best practices.  Demonstrate visible leadership and commitment to excellent HSSE performance.  Undertake cost and schedule quantitative risk analyses using probabilistic techniques and use this to support the estimation and management of contingencies.  Contribute to peer assists, peer reviews and functional reviews.  Contribute to the central knowledge base to assist in the development of best practice project controls guidelines and procedures.  Ensure the capture of project closeout information and share to enable recycling of data to improve estimating and schedule preparation data resources. Unique Knowledge, Skills, Experience and Attribute  Technical professional with experience in the oil and gas or petrochemical industry.  Evidence of having performed well in a similar role.  Knowledge of all phases of major oil and gas projects e.g.: FEED, Engineering Procurement and Construction (EPC), Commissioning, Startup etc, and experience of the project sanction process.  Knowledge of major oil and gas technologies and processes, including offshore, subsea and onshore.  Handson experience of using proprietary estimating tools including Questor, KBase /CCE and similar.  Experience of working on projects with joint venture partners.  Experience of both brown field and green field developments.  Educated to first degree level or equivalent in a relevant subject.  Chartered member of a relevant discipline preferred.  Excellent communication skills, both written and oral, with the ability to challenge others in a constructive manner and negotiate with internal peers and partner representatives to influence plans.  Good team player with a proactive and flexible attitude, and able to work in a multicultural environment.  Fluent in English, additional language skills would be desirable e.g. Portuguese, Spanish