Title: Personal Lines Sales Broker
Webindex: 68679948
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Personal lines Sales Broker We are seeking applications from candidates who can demonstrate a proven track record of Personal lines sales and service to join a successful regional insurance broker who are recruiting an Insurance Account Handler to join their team. The successful candidate must have a previous insurance experience, preferably in Personal Lines, including Home and Motor. Excellent I.T and communication skills are vital along with the IFC qualification being an advantage, but not essential. You will manage customer accounts, produce quotations, deal with midterm adjustments, amendments, renewals and liaise regularly clients and underwriters. This role is heavily focused on new business and so you will have excellent communication, negotiation and sales ability with a desire to work towards targets and achieve shared goals. This is a great opportunity for progression in the industry. Salary will depend on experience. If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PersonalLinesSalesBroker_job****