Title: NII and IRR Analytics Manager
Webindex: 71428540
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: The role will be responsible for ensuring accurate identification and measurement of interest rate risk in the bank, as well as for identifying opportunities to enhance and optimise interest rate risk management and hedging strategies in the Division. This will include but not be limited to:  Review of global entities to identify gaps in interest rate risk measurement and management  Periodic review of the parameters used for hedging structural interest rate risk  Maintaining and enhancing the structural IRR hedge programmes run centrally on behalf of businesses  Enhancing data sources to ensure appropriate coverage of the balance sheet  Identifying data quality issues and finding solutions to enhance the data quality The role holder ? Minimum of 3 years experience in interest rate risk management within the financial industry ? A relevant degree or professional qualification ? A good understanding of the causes and drivers of interest rate risk ? A good understanding of the different types of interest rate risk faced by banks ? A firm grasp of the tools and metrics commonly used to quantify IRR on the banking book ? Understanding of and experience in the use of the various methodologies and instruments used to hedge IRR ? Basic understanding of accounting principals ? Strong quantitative skills are essential Supplementary Experience: (Useful additional skills) ? Understan A Global Investment Bank Competitive Package Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NIIandIRRAnalyticsManager_job****