Title: Customer Service Manager  Newcastle
Webindex: 71852794
Company: Nationwide
Description: Basic Salary **** to **** based on experience, plus excellent benefits and uncapped bonus potential, On target bonus **** Location: Newcastle Branch If you're a flexible, versatile, multitasker who knows how to get the best out of people, you'll thrive in this role. Leading a team of Customer Representatives to deliver sales through service, you'll support the Branch Manager and do your bit to help customers in the banking hall. A more challenging role Critically, you'll make sure your branch meets or exceeds its sales targets while maintaining strict quality and compliance standards. That means training your team thoroughly  showing them how best to handle queries and identify customer needs, and keeping their product knowledge up to date. You'll also plan activities to drive sales of specific products and make sure we're always staffed up to cover busy periods. And, on top of all this, it'll be down to you to ensure your team works efficiently in line with our Treating Customer Fairly principles and FSA regulations. A more talented person Well motivated and well organised, you'll have already proven your ability to lead a team. Not to mention manage resources and champion best practice. Your experience of working in a bank will have helped you develop a thorough understanding of regulatory and risk assessment processes, strong problemsolving skills and a keen eye for detail. Add the ability to plan, analyse and build relationships, and you'll go far. An employer you're proud of Our mutual status means we're here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it's made us the world's biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We're always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That's why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it's only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we'll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerServiceManagerNewcastle_job****