Title: Senior Test Analyst / Test Manager
Webindex: 68688467
Company: Robert Half Technology
Description: The Company Robert Half Technology is seeking a highcalibre Senior Test Analyst / Test Manager for one the country's leading and most respected life and pension organisations based near Tadworth , Surrey. Working within the Business Change Division as part of a major business transformation programme  one of several for 2013  the Senior Test Analyst / Manager will provide and actively control testing processes that are consistent with test strategy and are financially appropriate ensuring the quality and efficiency of testing throughout the business project delivery cycle. The Role Key responsibilities: Act as hands on Test Analyst and Test Manager on multiple projects, ensuring:  An appropriate test approach is defined, documented and agreed which balances the criticality of the schedule against the complexity of system and process changes.  All test related activities are planned and managed within and across Business units and IT (including 3rd parties) to deliver the test objectives  Business acceptance test deliverables are created throughout the full project lifecycle Quality Gates to and from testing stages are managed ensuring that transition is controlled  Test reviews are conducted at all relevant stages, identifying any exceptions to agree Entry/Exit Criteria and appropriate responses are agreed with all internal and external stakeholders.  Testing progress is regularly and accurately reported to enable stakeholders to be fully aware of progress and any obstacles being experienced  Risks, issues and dependencies that may impact project delivery to time, cost or quality are identified, evaluated, raised, owned and resolved.  All pre requisites (environment, required applications) for testing are established prior to testing  Resourcing requirements are defined and appropriate resources secured to support business test Essential skills experience required:  Proven experience in Test Management i.e. task management of up to **** test resources  Strong financial Services experience (including current position), ideally insurance  Experience in managing the Business / Acceptance Testing aspects of large IT developments within a business change environment  Professional qualifications in Testing/Test Management (ideally ISEB)  Solid experience with Quality Centre v **** or similar test tools.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to explain complex ideas in simple terms to Stakeholders at all levels in the organisation both within L G and third party suppliers  Strong experience of working with multiple internal stakeholders at a senior management level  Proven track record in working with third party, on offshore providers of testing services with negotiation skills to enable facilitation of issue resolution  Dynamic and flexible self starter able to work autonomously. All candidates must possess the right to work in the UK. Salary Benefits ****  ****  benefits  15% pension  bonus Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorTestAnalystTestManager_job****