Title: Senior Corporate Underwriter
Webindex: 69122384
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Senior Corporate Underwriter Newcastle Up to ****,000 One of the most respected insurers in the UK market is looking to appoint an outstanding Senior Underwriter to their team in the North East, to focus on writing profitable corporate business. The Company Our client is a genuine global player in the corporate insurance arena and is heavily entrenched in the UK market place. They have a reputation of excellence due to their high standards of customer service and place emphasis on gaining an in depth knowledge of their clients. Experts in the market, they are forward thinking and have strong plans for growth. They recognise their strengths by employing talented ambitious staff and reward employees with excellent remuneration. The Role Working as a senior member of the North East team from an established office in Newcastle, the incumbent will take on a really diverse challenge of writing profitable new and renewal business through relationships with brokers as well as working closely with the branch leader to offer a point of reference to colleague and assistance with strategy. This is a client facing role managing large premiums in both Property and Liability. The role involves working with a wide variety of industries and large multinational corporate clients/brokers. The Person For your application to be considered you must be able to demonstrate the ability to write corporate level business, dealing with package/commercial combined risks. You should be technically proficient with large/complex cases and possess strong communication skills for use with internal and external parties. Relationships with NE brokers and Industry qualifications will be favourable. The Benefits An attractive package includes a basic of upto 55k as well as excellent company benefits. Please visit URL removed for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.