Title: Software Sales Account Manager / Product Specialist (Capital Markets)
Webindex: 71198292
Company: REC Solutions Ltd
Description: Software Sales Account Manager / Product Specialist (Capital Markets) My client is one of the worlds largest exchange companies, my client is committed to providing companies with maximum value by exploring new business opportunities and offering access to innovative services that add value in all stages of becoming and being a publicly traded company. Through my clients Corporate Services, companies gain access to innovative products and services that facilitate transparency, maximize board efficiency and inspire better investor relations. We now seek a Product Specialist / I.T. Software Sales Account Manager with capital markets knowledge, the Successful candidate must be able to penetrate accounts to generate new business opportunities by selling valueadded consultative services to both public and private entities. Areas of focus include Investor Relations Services and News distribution services. Essential Job Functions (Product Specialist / I.T Software Sales Account Manager): The candidate will effectively manage a territory and sell valueadded services to accounts.  Establish and maintain relationships with senior officers (CFO, Investor Relations, Corporate Communication, and/or General Counsel).  News distributions services / Public / Private Entities  Consult, advice, position and sell value added products.  Demonstrate to companies the advantages of my client and its unique products and services through facetoface presentations and phone conversations.  Able to effectively negotiate contract/pricing terms.  Responsible for contribution to quarterly Sales targets and pipeline management.  Attend and organize professional meetings, seminars, and industry conferences to improve knowledge and strengthen relationships. Requirements:  Good knowledge of Investor Relations  I.T. Software Sales experience (preferred)  Product Specialist / I.T. Software Sales Account Manager should hold an undergraduate degree in business, finance, accounting, or sales equivalent experience, preferred.  Proficiency with CRM database and word processing software required.  510 years of direct selling experience preferred  SPIN selling training and experience preferred  Capital Markets Experience preferred  News distributions services / Public / Private Entities / Investor relations Key Words: Product Specialist / Capital Markets / Sales / Consult / Account Manager / SPIN selling training / Investor Relations / News distributions services / Public / Private / I.T. Software Sales