Title: Exposure Management Analyst  Insurance Industry
Webindex: 72115212
Company: Massenhove Recruitment Limited
Description: Job Title Exposure Management Analyst Role Overview Working with the Head of Exposure Management to assist in the analysis that will underpin the business as usual assessment of my client s underwriting exposure as well as supporting the ongoing development of their exposure management, catastrophe modelling and portfolio optimisation capability. Core Duties To assist in the analysis that will enable the development and enhancement of the company s ability to measure, assess, aggregate, manage and report its exposures from asset level upwards, to include Static and nonstatic assets Physical and nonphysical assets As a vital member of the Exposure Management team, this person will be heavily responsible for proactively helping to deliver: The analysis to enable: Monitoring and management of exposures against risk appetite. The management of the company s diverse underwriting portfolio. Preparation and delivery of the underwriting plan. Creation and implementation of the underwriting and portfolio optimisation strategy. The development and enhancement of the company s exposure management data gathering, assessment aggregation and management capability. Provision of insightful and timely exposure management information. Monthly and quarterly exposure analysis and measurement against appetite. Maintaining appropriate exposure management discipline and practices across business divisions and offices. Management and supervision of the Exposure Management placement of the Enterprise Risk graduate programme, including active liaison with the Learning and Development team. Support for the company s approach to catastrophe modelling, including the application of thirdparty vendor models. Key Skills Intermediate Excel Intermediate incl. VBA Programming Access Intermediate Education and Qualifications Essential Degree ****:**** or equivalent (preferably in a subject requiring complex numeracy). Good ALevels and O level / GCSE or equivalent in English and Maths Five years of insurance industry experience and preferably ACII Desirable Masters or postgraduate qualification in Physical Science, Engineering or business related subject