Title: PMO Lead/PMO Manager  Financial Services
Webindex: 71592036
Company: Lawrence Harvey Search Selection
Description: PMO/PMO Manager/PMO Lead  Financial Services  Cambridge An experienced PMO is required to work with a growing client in the Financial Services sector. This is a fantastic opportunity to establish and run a greenfield PMO in a business with some ambitious plans over the next few years. The ideal PMO will have experience in working in and the ability to run a PMO. A track record of having worked in the PMO function will be demonstrated alongside the capability to set the function up in the business. Previous experience at solely establishing the PMO function isn't a necessity, but the characteristics such as communication, natural authority, ability to work hands on and independently will need to be shown. Financial Services experience whilst not necessary, is an advantage. The PMO will display a natural enthusiasm and self confidence in this role and be comfortable dealing with those at board level. Additionally, they will be assertive and be prepared to grab this by the horns and shape it into something central to the way the business operates. This role provides the fantastic opportunity to grow a PMO in the business and to mould it in the way you see fit. Working closely with those at a very senior level, it also represents the chance to develop at a much faster rate than a big corporate company, learning from 'Head's of' and Directors. With ambitious plans over the next few years, this is a chance to get in at the beginning and play an influential part in changing the way the business operates. Requirements:  Experience working in a PMO  Experience and ability to run a PMO function  Adaptability to work in a growing and changing environment  Ideally Financial Services experience  Ability to work independently This is a brilliant opportunity to further your career in the Project function within a fast growing, and changing business. To take on this challenge please submit your CV. Lawrence Harvey is acting as an employment agency in regards to this position.