Title: Senior Manager – Risk Regulatory Operations
Webindex: 71293936
Company: MERJE
Description: Our client: Our client is a wellknown financial services organisation currently looking to recruit a Senior Manager to work in the firms Risk amp; Regulatory Operations area. In this role you will lead new and influence existing change initiatives to ensure that emerging and crystallised risk and compliance issues are adequately considered and resourced. This will be restricted to broad, industrywide initiatives related to legislative and/or regulatory developments that will have a strategic impact on the business model  current and planned. (e.g. Competition Commission review due to start in ****13 amp; the FCA review of add ons). nbsp; The role: 1. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Manage the company response to political, industry, legislative or regulatory reviews and/or consultations, through external enquiry with review bodies and lobbyists (e.g. BIBA, ABI) as well as internal consultation with Board level Executive and NonExecutive Directors and below. 2. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Advise the Board of Directors on the impact to the business model and the options available. 3. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Formulate, document and obtain Board sign off of strategic responses. **** nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Manage adhoc interactions and relationships with FSA staff from any division (Policy, Supervision, Enforcement etc.) On site amp; off site. 5. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Work collaboratively with Risk amp; Compliance colleagues in Technical Standards to maintain the firms awareness of Horizon issues and plan for their impact, ahead of time. **** nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Develop and drive action plans and their management across and between functions to deliver compliant outcomes for all regulatory associated projects. **** nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Manage the relationship with external advisors appointed to support or enable strategic plans or responses to risk amp; regulatory change. **** nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Maintain personal development and associated records indicating achievement of CPD activity amp; results. Key requirements: o nbsp; nbsp; Extensive current knowledge and understanding of regulatory principles and rules. o nbsp; nbsp; Detailed understanding of the regulatory requirements E.g. ICOBS, DP, AML, ABC and their sanctions. o nbsp; nbsp; 5 years rsquo; experience in senior risk amp; compliance roles in UK financial services. o nbsp; nbsp; Direct experience of leading successful negotiations with key external parties and industry bodies (incl. FSA). o nbsp; nbsp; Demonstration of clear strategic thinking in a complex and reactionary retail environment o nbsp; nbsp; Recent experience of maintaining authority and consensus in a significant regulatory change environment. o nbsp; nbsp; Industrywide commercial awareness o nbsp; nbsp; A relevant qualification e.g. ACII, CII Cert., ICA Diploma.