Title: Operational Contractor Manager
Webindex: 70758503
Company: Reed Insurance
Description: This national insurance organisation have office locations throughout the UK and provide a range of services for their clients including, claims management, surveying and building contractor services for reinsurance work. They currently have a vacancy for a Operational Contractor Manager to be based from home managing contractors based in Scotland and the North East Of England. Within this role, the main responsibility will be to manage the Contractor network on a regional basis ensuring that all Contractors comply with the Company s technical, service and compliance standards. PLEASE NOTE YOU MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE OF MANAGING MULTIPLE CONTRACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS ROLE. Duties within this position will be to:  Undertake contractor audits reporting findings to the line management  Source and be involved with the vetting of new Contractors.  Monitor work distribution between nominated contractors.  Coordinate and lead Contractor meetings and agree and implement Contractor action plans for service and technical improvements. Managing of poorly performing Contractors when necessary.  Provide regional / Contractor feedback reports to the Network Manager.  Delivery of relevant training to the network.  Maintain awareness of Business Continuity program and role within it.  Able to demonstrate knowledge and/or awareness of FSA procedures and the TCF initiative.  Communicate with the team on a regular basis regarding corporate and departmental information and updates.  Actively seek to develop oneself and take responsibility for your own training and development. Essential Skills, Knowledge & Experience for this role:  Construction management experience in the insurance restoration sector  Disaster restoration familiarity or competency  Computer literacy in particular with MS Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook  Dispute arbitration/resolution  Audit and Interview skills  Attention to detail  Self motivation and time management  Report writing skills  Creation, delivery and presentation of training modules Desirable qualifications required for this role: Any construction orientated qualification Any BDMA, IICRC or similar qualification For the right individual our client is able to offer an attractive salary, company car, phone and laptop to allow you to work from home. If you are interested in applying for this exciting new role please email or call **** for more information Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business