Title: Senior Package Underwriter
Webindex: 68241663
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Senior Package Underwriter Tyne and Wear Up to **** A new opportunity has been announced for a Senior Package Underwriter in Tyne and Wear at an award winning Insurance Company who offers excellent company benefits. The Company A leading multinational Insurance Company who have over 25 years industry experience. They have a reputation of excellence due to their high standards of customer service and place emphasis on gaining an in depth knowledge of their clients. Experts in the market, they are forward thinking and have strong plans for growth. They recognise their strengths by employing talented ambitious staff and reward employees with excellent remuneration. The Role Working in the Commercial Insurance market the Senior Package Underwriter will have both technical and development underwriting responsibilities. This is a client facing role managing premiums **** up to 3million in both Property and Liability. The role involves working with a wide variety of industries and large multinational corporate clients. The Benefits Basic salary circa **** plus excellent company benefits. The Person For your application to be considered you will need experience of working as an Underwriter in the Commercial Insurance sector with both Property and Liability cases. Successful candidates will be hard working, instrumental in generating new business and have exceptional technical underwriting skills. Strong Broker relations in the North UK are required along with good negotiation and presentational skills. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.