Title: Bookkeeper or Accounts Clerk  move into IT Software Support
Webindex: 69746486
Company: Ambis resourcing Partnership
Description: Bookkeeper / Accounts Clerk / Junior Accountant  move into IT Software Support. This is an outstanding opportunity to use your accounting knowledge ( and interest in software) to make a career change into IT software support, looking after clients accounting software queries on the telephone and by email. The role is based in central Derby and paying up to ****k with great career prospects. Extensive training will be provided in their accounting software solutions. You will work for a leading software consultancy who are specialists in accounting software for small to medium sized businesses. They are part of a successful group of privately owned accountancy and business advisory companies, with **** UK offices; they have a very friendly atmosphere and a supportive team of colleagues, always willing to offer guidance and support. This is a unique environment where people work hard but have positive attitudes and are full of energy and enthusiasm. As a Software Support Consultant you will apply your knowledge of accounting software and ledgers and finance to resolve their clients financial queries, take ownership of each software support query, and ensure each client is kept informed of the progress of their enquiry, whilst managing your call logs and workload. What do they want?  A bright, enthusiastic bookkeeper, accounts clerk or junior accountant who wants to move into Software Support (someone from an accounting background who has some knowledge of accounting software and understands accounting and business processes)  Good problem solving and analytical skills  Great communication skills  able to interact with their clients, work out their needs and provide solutions and happy talking to clients on the telephone  Happy providing advice and support on accounting software solutions over the phone and via email and remote login to clients desktops  Some knowledge of accounting software such as Mamut, Sage 200, Sage 50, Access Accounts, Access Dimensions, PS Financials, Dynamics NAV, Dynamics GP, MYOB, Coda, SunSystems, Agresso, SAP, Oracle financials or similar. This is an opportunity to take your accounts knowledge, move into an IT support role and work for a great company. You will get indepth training on their software products, excellent mentoring and real career progression. Please get in touch with Jake King or Carolyn MacLurg at Ambis or drop over a copy of your CV as soon as possible