Title: Expense Controller
Webindex: 67441815
Company: GNG Group Holdings
Description: Expense Controller We are looking for an experienced and ambitious Expense Controller to work within a small team, in our busy and fast paced Head Office based in Wakefield. Reporting directly to the Group Accountant, you will be responsible for maintaining the purchase ledger ensuring that all invoices are processed in a timely and organised manner . I n addition, you will be controlling and monitoring the ‘overheads budgets’ and meeting regularly with Senior Managers to ensure that budgets are met. You will have the ability to design and implement purchase ledger controls and review and evaluate on and continual basis to ensure that they are meeting the demands of the business. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITY:  To control the overheads budget to ensure that they come in on target.  Meet weekly with Senior Managers to discuss expenditure and challenge any overspend.  Preparing pre payments and accruals  Pay pal bank reconciliations  Design and implement and effective purchase ledger control system and review and evaluate on an ongoing basis.  Maintaining the purchase ledger  Remittance advices  Compiling payment run  Reconciling purchase ledger balances  Clearing old credit balances  Reconciling credit cards  Matching purchase order, delivery notes to invoices  Matching, batching and coding high volumes of invoices  Processing a high volume of invoices per month  Getting invoices authorised and chasing up any  Handling and resolving supplier queries  Building and maintaining supplier relationships  General office duties including filing, faxing and photocopying  Adhoc duties as requested  Managing far east imports and payment schedule  Reconciling statement  Managing and monitoring company expenses and to ensure that VAT is correctly applied  Transmitting payments once authorised in a timely manner The successful candidate will need:  Previous Purchase Ledger experience  Ideally with AAT qualification  Excellent admin and office skills  Accurate and fast data entry  Excellent Communication skills both verbal and written  Excellent computer skills  Attention to detail  Be able to work to strict deadlines  The ability to work within a fast paced and pressured environment Benefits  Fast paced and dynamic Company  **** day holiday (including public and bank holidays)  Support and training  Generous Staff Discount Company Profile We are a leading manufacturer of quality, innovative foambased products with more than 35 years’ experience in the foam industry. We are the international brand leaders in the healthcare, sports, safety and lifestyle markets. We are a small team of **** colleagues but are rapidly expanding to reflect our growth and expansion More information about GNG Group is available on our websites and .