Title: Project Manager or Business Analyst, Business Change, London, to ****k
Webindex: 71623930
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Project Manager or Business Analyst, Business Change, London, to ****kDue to continued success our FTSE 100 client in Financial Services currently seeks a Business Project Manager or Business Analyst to be based out of their offices in South London. Reporting to the Business Programme Manager you will be tasked with managing a broad range of projects from cradle to grave. This is a high profile role with direct interaction with the board requiring the successful candidate to be commercial astute, have gravitas and a proven track record in delivery complex projects on time and to budget. Due to the nature of our clients business no one project will be the same offering the significant project diversity.Company:Our client is a leading Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) company with offices in London and Kent. It has continued to develop its business lines and win more clients during a difficult economic climate. As a mature employer it enjoys a longterm commitment from its growing number of employees and joining my FTSE 100 client offers the real prospect of personal career progression as it actively invests in skills development.Responsibilities:Management of a wide variety of business led projects using agreed project management methods ensuring that all are delivered on time and to budget. Produce and maintain project, resource and quality plans, track risks, issues and actions to ensure project objectives are met. Manage risks and issues effectively and play a proactive part in problem resolution. Effective management and reporting of all project stages to provide structure and control throughout project lifecycle including management of entry / exit criteria for each stage. Provide leadership to project team to ensure work is progressed to meet agreed requirements and quality criteria in line with project plan. Manage Product delivery (e.g. business case, requirements, specifications, test plans implementation plans and user procedures etc). Communicate project progress, risks and issues to business and IT managers and senior stakeholders. Implementation and release management to ensure smooth transition to live operation and handover to business and IT operational teams. Provide support to end users so that the success of a project can be effectively measured after its implementation into live operation.The ideal Project Manager or Business Analyst must be able to demonstrate the following skills and experience:Minimum of ****years in a project management or business analyst based role with project leadership responsibility. Experience of a formal project management methodology for example Prince 2. Good understanding of project management principles ****planning, tracking, risk management, issue management reporting etc. Solid experience in the delivery of business led projects. A strong track record of delivering projects on time and to budget.Able to delegate effectively and negotiate delivery time scales with shared delivery teams. Excellent English communication skills both written and oral.Remuneration:Salary: **** dependent on experience.Benefits: The usual corporate benefits including: pension, life insurance etc.Start: ImmediateProject Manager or Business Analyst, Business Change, London, to ****k Project, Project Manager, Financial Services, Business Analyst, PM, BA, Banking, FS, London, Kent, FTSE, Prince, Implementation Consultant, Business, Change,