Title: Premium Recovery Investigator
Webindex: 72230854
Company: Gerrard White
Description: An established yet growing and exciting motor insurance company are currently seeking a Premium Recovery Investigator to join their busy and expanding team. The company pride themselves on the world class training on offer and a friendly yet hardworking team environment. They offer fantastic career opportunities, full employee benefits and a competitive salary. This is an excellent opportunity for the right candidate to have a major impact in a forward thinking insurance company. To be considered for this role, you MUST have a strong administrative background with Insurance experience. Using the CUE database, you will be responsible for ensuring that the company captures all potential premiums on new business. Major Responsibilities / Duties:  Analyse the CUE database for minor undisclosed claims from a distributed work flow.  Liaise with internal teams for void referrals/ policies requiring further investigation.  Ensure that letters to brokers / policyholders are generated and diarised for all cases  Sustain a structured individual diary and adhere to strict timescales.  Maintain and send the broker spreadsheets on a daily / weekly basis  Take phone calls from brokers and policyholders and deal with enquiries where possible  Develop knowledge of products and schemes in order to understand the acceptability of a policy.  Adhere to Company processes with regard to FSA/FSC compliance and Treating Customers Fairly  Compliance with Company policy and processes relating to the Data Protection Act. Experience and Skills  Knowledge and experience of using SIRA is preferred but not essential.  Excellent computer literacy is preferred including a firstrate working knowledge of MS Office suite  A background in administration is preferred, within a motor insurance environment. Personal Attributes:  Excellent organisational skills  Ability to work as part of a close team  Keen eye for detail  Effective communication skills  Confident telephone manner PLEASE NOTE THAT DUE TO THE OFFICE`S RURAL LOCATION, CANDIDATES MUST BE ABLE TO DRIVE. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PremiumRecoveryInvestigator_job****