Title: Property Accountant (Part Qualified)
Webindex: 68689599
Company: Cobalt Recruitment.
Description: Property Accountant My client is a privately owned property company managing and investing in both residential and commercial properties. Duties The position is part of a team that collects the rents for a substantial property portfolio. The main responsibility is to ensure that we receive monies in a timely manner from a number of managing agents and that the information is posted into the Qube accounting system and is kept up to date. The main duties are: Process receipts (BACS/Cash/Chq/Credit Card) to tenant ledgers. Chase outstanding arrears from managing agents and inform property managers. Check lease information supplied by managing agent with property manager. Raise supplementary charges for tenants as charged by agents Reflecting all balances tie in with managing agents and investigate any differences. Build relationships with managing agents Raising periodic tenant demands Prepare Monthly VAT Returns Make certain all Managing agents are reporting in the correct format and efficiently Post and check all expenditure deducted by agents and check with property managers. Reconcile all agent ledgers on a monthly basis Input lease information into Property Management Software Maintenance of tenant data in PPMS Adhoc reporting as directed by line manager Work within a team to ensure that there is no backlog of work Reconciling general ledger. Checking receipts received in bank agree to statements sent by managing agents. Weekly reporting of receipts from agents to FD. Experience Good Computer Skills essential with knowledge of MS office suite including word and excel. Part qualified accountant Highly organised and able to meet deadlines Flexibility to deal with many different tasks and people Due to the specific nature of this position please only apply if you have recently worked within the Property and Real Estate sector and studying either the AAT, ACCA or CIMA qualification Please send CV's direct to jcatrioscobaltrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PropertyAccountantPartQualified_job****