Title: Quality and Compliance Manager
Webindex: 69597586
Company: BWE Recruitment
Description: Quality and Compliance Manager, Manchester, Basic Salary **** to **** Plus 25 Days Holiday Additional Benefits We currently have an opportunity for a Quality and Compliance Manager to work for a Debt Collection Agency based in Manchester. The business focuses on delivering a wide range of services in the recoveries sector. This is a newly created position. The Role You will assist the Head of Quality and Compliance in developing systems and procedures to ensure the firm’s compliance and regulatory regime meets regulatory requirements and client expectations and will assist in delivering commercial compliance advice to meet the challenges of our fast changing regulatory environment. While there are many aspects to the job, which by its very nature requires a dynamic individual, current duties will include: • Advise all business areas on applicable regulations and respond to queries to help ensure continuing compliance with the regulatory and legislative rules. • Proactively engage with all business areas to facilitate effective operational processes and a positive compliance culture. • Assist in training all staff in all areas of Compliance to embed a Compliance culture throughout the firm, ensuring staff are supported on Compliance matters and are aware of their obligations. • Maintain and monitor the firm’s Training and Competence scheme. • Production of MI packs and reporting for internal and external stakeholders. • Managing the processing of any complaints and risk events. • Assist in undertaking any necessary due diligence on external firms that the firm may deal with, either as client or service provider. • Assist the Head of Quality Compliance in implementing and maintaining processes to satisfy prevailing and upcoming regulatory requirements. • Client liaison including audit hosting, quality calibration sessions and performance reviews. • Escalation of any serious concerns to the Head of Quality and Compliance • Delivery of any adhoc projects or reports as required The Requirements Candidates will need knowledge of the current OFT, LSB, DPA, OFCOM, AML and have worked in a similar Compliance role. The successful candidate will also be able to demonstrate strong IT ability and confidence in using a range of computer packages, Case management systems and the full suite of Microsoft Office applications. Applicants should have a strong educational background. We are looking for applicants who are educated to at least A Level standard. A degree or equivalent would be desirable. You will work closely with colleagues so must be able to demonstrate that you adopt a helpful and friendly approach and possess the necessary interpersonal skills to succeed in this role. You will be expected to work to tight deadlines so good organisational skills and the ability to work under your own initiative is essential. We would advise that if you have not heard from us within **** hours of submitting your application, then you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualityandComplianceManager_job****