Title: Accounting Policy Manager
Webindex: 67098190
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: A| leading Global Bank is currently seeking a highcalibre qualified accountant to join their Group Accounting Policy team as a Manager. This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious and driven professional to establish a career at a leading Banking Group. This is an exciting and highprofile opportunity for you to develop into a source of expert advice on IFRS and other requirements to business and finance management across the Group. Key responsibilities include:  Formulate and recommend Group Accounting Policy, providing detailed practical guidance on policies  Research the Groups response to future accounting developments, including writing public responses to new standards  Provide technical support on the implementation of new accounting standards to Finance and Business teams  Review accounting opinions on complex transactions to ensure compliance with Group accounting policies  Provide support and guidance to the finance and risk management functions on technical issues The ideal candidate will be a qualified accountant with experience of financial reporting, auditing and technical accounting in IFRS. You will be a commercially minded individual with strong communication skills to build and maintain positive working relationships across the business. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate a drive and ambition to make a positive impact on the business. Manager, Accounting Policy  ****  ****  Car  Bonus  Benefits  London We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive, if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting [contact details removed] Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against any individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.