Title: External Sales Manager – Asset Finance
Webindex: 72451136
Company: The Oakland Partnership
Description: External Sales Manager – Asset Finance Midlands region To **** basic, **** OTE plus car allowance Our Client is a highly successful and progressive international asset finance company which is expanding their operation in the Midlands region. The company specialise in providing lease and asset finance solutions to small and medium sized businesses. They currently have an opportunity for an experienced Asset Finance Sales Manager to join their team to help with the continued development of the territory. You will be meeting with new customers and maintaining existing relationships with a portfolio of dealerships and resellers within the Office Technology market and encouraging those resellers to use this particular finance company as opposed to any of their competitors. They are looking for an individual who can build solid relationships within their niche market as they pride themselves on their reputation for being creative with their deal structures in the small ticket leasing market. This is an excellent opportunity for an entrepreneurial individual to be part of a driven and motivated team where your effort and success will be noticed and rewarded. We are interested in hearing from individuals who have either worked successfully in a relevant internal sales position and are looking to take the next step in their career or those who already hold an external sales position and can ‘hit the ground running’. To be considered for this opportunity it is essential that candidates can demonstrate up to date experience within the Leasing and Asset Finance Industry working in a targeted sales environment. The company also offers a superb range of benefits including a generous commission package. This is a rare opportunity with tremendous scope for development within a growing sales team and a successful company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExternalSalesManagerAssetFinance_job****