Title: Commercially Focussed Sales Analyst
Webindex: 70159766
Company: TTCS RECRUITMENT
Description: Commercially Focussed Sales Analyst  English (Scandinavian market) For driven, consultative, solutions based sales people this is the opportunity of a life time. This job offers massive earning potential, with an excellent commission structure; your earning potential is only limited by your ambition to succeed. Our sales team's is made up made up of dynamic, exceptional and vibrant sales professionals, full of energy. We are not looking for your average salesman we need candidates who understand buying cycles, not sales cycles and you must have an ability to quickly interpret financial information at a macroeconomic level. The is an excellent opportunity to sell a highly versatile and recession proof solutions based product that gives our clients competitive advantage in their chosen field of the financial markets and is one of the oldest and most respected information houses in the world of finance. For the successful candidate this is an excellent career opportunity to break into a Global company with offices all over the world. We are looking for a Business Development Associate to manage and develop commercial relationships within a European client base. The role involves the execution of all stages of the sales cycle from initial phone contact, to placing trials, through to negotiating and closing agreements. You should be comfortable with negotiating commercial relationships at CIO / CEO / PM and Analyst level and talking with authority concerning the financial markets and investment strategy  someone who has a holistic understanding is an ideal candidate  this is not a straight forward sales position. You should have experience in the financial services industry with European institutional buyside firms and a proven track record in executing welldefined addedvalue account management strategies. Person Requirements  Experience of using consultative sales techniques and account management strategies to influence, negotiate, gain commitment, and develop relationships with senior investment professionals  Experience of working as part of a global team and the ability to work independently  Excellent spoken and written English (Native /Business Fluent standard both verbal & written)  Ability to write clear and compelling proposals  Thorough understanding of the European financial sector, and organizational structure of institutional clients  Understanding of the CSA regulations for the respective countries in Europe  Educated to Degree level and an IMC or equivalent certificate is an advantage Our client is a FTSE250 company who are world renowned, market leading providers of business information and intelligence in various business sectors. This is an excellent opportunity for tenacious, target driven, sales professionals with the desire to succeed, who are looking for a challenging yet immensely rewarding career that offers the opportunity for optimum career progression. The package: Up to **** with fantastic OTE's. Interested? Get in touch today and wow us with those enviable sales skills by convincing us why you would be an ideal candidate for one of these fabulous roles.