Title: Premium Product Manager  Savings and Investment
Webindex: 69953444
Company: CPS Group  Ltd
Description: Premium product manager  Savings and Investment, London, ****  bonus. A business critical opportunity has arisen within the savings and investment arm of a leading financial services organisation. This role is responsible for designing and delivering a scalable base of regular premium savings and investment products that will then be implemented in to a coherent and suitable customer propositions in the regions. The role will take cues on what products are needed from the Proposition Manager based in the regions eg where the organisation distributers and customers are located. Reporting into the Senior Savings Investment Manager, duties for this role include: Delivering (successfully) new regular and premium savings and investment products to target customer groups as identified by the Global/Domestic affluent proposition managers across multiple channels (Bank and IFA). Designing regular and single premium savings and investment products endtoend so that they meet defined objectives. Writing product specifications and identifying platform/delivery criteria. Ensuring that savings and investment products are priced in a profitable manner. Interacting with appropriate areas of FPI and group to understand the key drivers of the financial metrics underlying regular and single premium savings and investment products. Providing content for core literature and responsibility for technical accuracy of all regular and single premium savings/investment product and proposition documentation. Responsible for product performance of 'live' regular and single premium savings and investment products globally. Ensuring that processes and controls are built into the product development life cycle. This role sits within a demanding and fast paces team where strong problem solving and analytical skills are a must. It is imperative that applicants have a solid understanding of the financials of life insurance (in particular the metrics around cash generation and profitability). You must be confident, credible and have previous experience dealing with life savings and investment. In order to apply please forward your CV now. Successful applicants will be contacted within 24 hours of their application. CPS Group (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.