Title: Corporate Actions
Webindex: 69564332
Company: Morgan McKinley
Description: A challenging and exciting role has just become available for a Corporate Actions Administrator with a strong background in asset servicing to join of the world's most recognised banking institutions. The purpose of the Corporate Action Administrator is to ensure that all work is processed correctly in accordance with HSS procedures and / or client instructions. Team targets of timeliness, accuracy and quality are to be observed and achieved. The successful candidate will also be required to escalate to line management any matters of risk, compliance and or regulatory breaches and other matters of concern identified during the course of their daily work. In addition, you will be required to ensure adherence to and adoption of standards and best practice in order to minimise operational and / or financial risk and provide excellent client service. Your key accountabilities in this role will be:Accurate and timely processing of daily work in accordance with intraday deadlines as stipulated in procedures and guidelines.Monitoring, reviewing and prioritisation of daily workload / work queues to ensure internal intra day and external deadlines are met.Accurate updating of internal systems in accordance with established procedures and controls. Adherence to internal deadlines / SLD's, the bank's policies and external market deadlines.Escalating issues / concerns including staff issues, procedural weaknesses, compliance breaches, errors and losses in a timely manner and in accordance with defined escalation procedures.Ensure queries, exceptions and event reconciliation discrepancies are investigated, updated and resolved in accordance with internal policies and regulatory guidelines.To work effectively within the team / department to achieve business goals and objectives.Provide technical support to colleagues and peers.Assist with the training and coaching of team members.Contribute to the writing of procedures and controls as directed by line management.Provide support and contribution to Business and IT development / department initiatives as directed by line manager.Represent the business with authority and professionalism in respect of CA product and processes when dealing with internal / external clients and 3rd parties.To promote and deliver an efficient high quality CA service to clients. Knowledge & experience:Strong knowledge and understanding of Corporate Actions events and markets. Dedicated approach to teamwork and ability to contribute to team effort  Strong communicator, both verbally and in writing Customer focused & committed to providing a high quality service. Able to work in pressurised environment and manage priorities effectively. Attention to detail and accuracy.Good planning, organisation & time management skills.Demonstrates an awareness of operational and / or financial risk. Systems knowledge  desired:Microsoft ExcelMicrosoft WordSwiftCrestEuclidCreation onlineTCS BaNCSBloomberg Management of risk: In addition, you will be responsible for the continual assessment of operational risks associated with the role and inherent in the business, taking account of changing economic or market conditions, legal and regulatory requirements, operating procedures and practices, management restructuring and the impact of new technology. In addition, the successful candidate will ideally possess superior organization skills with regards to day to day and project work. Voluntary Asset Servicing experience would also be preferential. You will be a logical and proactive thinker, in addition to being a strong team player with good communication skills.