Title: Head of Transaction Processing
Webindex: 68826390
Company: Holland Barrett
Description: In this role reporting to the Finance Director you will be responsible for a team of c**** staff covering Sales and Banking, Purchase Ledger and Sales Ledger. The core responsibilities of the role are to ensure delivery of appropriate financial control over the core transactional processing departments of Accounts Payable/ Receivable and Sales Banking. The successful candidate will also be responsible for ensuring deadlines are met in all areas, maintaining controls and procedures in the company and be instrumental in driving change and efficiencies. You will be responsible for the management of the Purchase Ledgers (Stock and Goods not for resale) ensuring delivery of best practice services. Ensure the payment of valid authorised expenditure is made on an appropriate basis to all suppliers. Responsible for the management of the Sales Ledgers ensuring a) Systems adhere to best practice and are developed for future franchising growth b) Working capital through debtors management is maximised c) Liaising with senior management to ensure active debt management when debts identified. Responsible for the management of Sales Banking Departments ensuring protection and integrity of key cash controls for receipts and payments. Ensure adequate reporting for discrepancies spend areas. Responsible for ensuring Authorisation Control Manuals and Mandate levels for banking are kept up to date and adhered with. Reporting of noncompliance. Development of Treasury Policy and responsible for the coordination and driving of change within all of the departments, to proactively look at process reengineering / technology solutions to create efficiency within the departments. e.g. EDI, electronic invoicing, workflow management, invoice matching, auto bank reconciliation. Be actively involved in the upgrade of any systems relevant to the role, working closely with the Project Accountant. Develop key KPI s for the departments and report on these on an ongoing basis, and ensure best practice levels are attained. Work closely at month end with Head of Reporting on stock reconciliations. Responsible for all balance sheet reconciliations within remit of role ensuring issues identified and actioned where appropriate. Monitoring all overheads and looking at ways to streamline and save money. Qualifications Needed You will ideally be a part or fully qualified Accountant. Experience Needed Significant experience within a process driven transactional environment. Proven people manager with experience of managing a similar sized team in a high volume, fast paced environment. Ability to work in a high pressured environment and meet tight deadlines. Highly numerate with excellent PC skills. Must be able to multi task, manage multiple priorities effectively and be able to, work independently. Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to communicate effectively. Interpersonal dexterity to manage both internal customers and external supplier relationships. Holding meetings with Senior Peers/ Directors//Team. Proven experience of maintaining controls and procedures in the department. IT Skills required Oracle experience would be an advantage. Microsoft Office  Excel advanced, Word Intermediate, Powerpoint, and Outlook.