Title: Finance Manager (Media / Telecoms)
Webindex: 69217973
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Finance Manager (Media / Telecoms) Weve is a joint venture between the UK?s three largest mobile network operators (MNOs) ? EE, Telefonica UK (O****) and Vodafone UK and has been created to develop a mobile commerce platform available to any business organisation in the UK. The company is a focal point for a whole new set of experiences and ideas across the mobile spectrum, everything from mobile marketing and advertising to payments and transactions, loyalty programs and coupons. Weve integrates every disparate link in the mcommerce chain, with a virtuous circle of mobile interactions, designed to make life easier for businesses wanting to engage in the mobile space and consumers who want to use mobile services. Weve gives businesses access to a single, consolidated customer base, via their shareholders through a single set of services. Position: Finance Manager (Media / Telecoms) Location: London Salary: **** per day Contract: 4 Months with possibility of permanent role ROLE: This is an exceptional opportunity for an experienced Finance Manager to really make their mark in this new Mobile Media Company backed by the UK?s three largest Mobile operators. Reporting directly to the Head of Finance you will take lead responsibility for all financial controls, tax and treasury as well as preparing financial accounts and budgets. You will prepare and present reports to a range of stakeholders and you will be required to drive the finance agenda across the organisation, initiating change through collaborative working in a multiprofessional environment. You will be a key member of the Finance team and will be required to deputise for the Head of Finance on occasion. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Management responsibility for **** staff to oversee and assist, ensuring that their work is delivered to a high standard within agreed timetables and in accordance with their duties and responsibilities. b) Ensure direct reports, monthly & annual financial reporting are developed. c) Assist & deputise for the Head of Finance when required. d) Liaise with external auditors, tax authorities and other external advisors. e) Responsibility for own day to day activities. f) Manage Tax compliance and treasury activities. g) Maintain and develop Finance, Treasury and Tax policies, procedures and controls, utilising advice from external advisors. h) Deliver effective Tax planning advice. i) Manage daytoday relationships with Banks and Tax Authorities. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) ACA/ACCA/CIMA qualification. b) First class accountant educated to degree level with solid post qualification financial and management accounting experience. c) Your background includes experience in a startup environment and working within a SME. Media industry experience is a great advantage. d) Ideally you will have undertaken tax and treasury work in a commercial organisation. e) You will be an exceptional individual with the ability to motivate others to achieve their best and have excellent management skills. f) PC skills with exceptional Excel spreadsheet and accounting package expertise. You may have experience of the following: Financial Controller, Management Accountant, CIMA, ACCA, Finance Director, Commercial Accountant, ACA, Head of Finance, CFO, Chief Financial Officer, Finance Manager, Qualified Accountant, Treasurer, Financial Controller, Group Accountant, Head of Financial Reporting, Tax Accountant, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK?s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are thoseof an employment agency.