Title: Sales Operations Assistant
Webindex: 68682882
Company: Paymentshield
Description: We currently have a vacancy for a Sales Operations Assistant to help our Sales team based in Southport. Responsibilities:  Managerial support – to provide assistance to the sales operations manager as required.  Implementation, design and production of regular MI reports to support Paymentshield (PSL) sales and other areas.  Design and production of adhoc MI reports.  Production of business trend analysis and variable reporting.  Maintenance and monitoring of Outlook Mailboxes.  Liaising with other teams to ensure company objectives and adhered to and goals met.  Liaising with Towergate companies to develop professional relationship.  Provide a high level of customer services to internal and external customers.  To perform any other reasonable duties as required.  Administer Salesforce.com.  Key contact for sales support functions.  Continuous revision of procedural documents.  Sales team target creation and implementation.  Collation and administration of PSL sales team bonuses.  Produce legal agreements and forward to intermediaries.  Coordinate the return of legal agreements, ensuring they have been completed correctly.  Produce calculations and documentation to allow deal signoff.  Circulate signoff documents to appropriate directors and assist their prompt return.  Produce drawdown requests to meet the requirements of the bank.  Arrange for authorisation of the drawdown by director and the bank.  Calculate any offsets to be made against payments due.  Contact intermediaries by telephone to confirm payment will be made, explain any offsets and confirm bank account to credit.  In conjunction with the Finance Team, arrange for payments to be made.  Act as a buyout contact for the intermediary and manage their queries.  Liaise with the FacetoFace Sales Team to provide further information on deals or answer their queries.  Maintain the weekly and mailing reports with updates on deal progress.  Produce other MI as and when required. Person Specification: Essential :  Good self management skills.  Positive and energising leadership style.  Excellent time management and organisational skills.  Proven track record of meeting strict deadlines and working with highly confidential materials.  High level of PC skills, particularly Excel and Access.  Flexible in terms of changing priorities and workload.  Ability to deal with ever changing environment.  Outstanding interpersonal skills.  Strong numeric and accuracy skills.  Ability to recognise peaks and troughs in the workload and respond accordingly. Desirable :  Good understanding of market dynamics in General Insurance Intermediary market.  Experience of working with a senior management team. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesOperationsAssistant_job****