Title: Accountant / Newly Qualified Accountant
Webindex: 71901953
Company: Websense Recruit Ltd
Description: The Role: Accountant / Newly Qualified Accountant  Based Peterlee Salary and Benefits: Up to ****K per annum plus benefits The Client: Caterpillar UK Limited at Peterlee manufactures Articulated Trucks for customers around the world. The nature of this business necessitates the import and export of material in significant volumes. Caterpillar takes seriously its obligations as an importer and exporter and makes every effort to ensure full compliance with the law in this respect in every country in which the company operates. Duties and Responsibilities: Working as Accountant / Newly Qualified Accountant you will:  Manage all activity required to maintain full compliance with Caterpillar Peterlee's Processing under Customs Control regime (including requirements associated with preparation and submission of the quarterly PCC Bill of Discharge) and ensure that this is renewed in accordance with HMRC regulations (currently every three years).  Manage all activity required to maintain full compliance with Caterpillar Peterlee's New Computerized Transit System (NCTS) authorisation and ensure that this is renewed in accordance with HMRC regulations (currently every three years).  Manage all activity required to maintain full compliance  Maintain an overview of the Ricardo Duty Management System (Ricardo) to ensure that all entries are processed correctly and any discrepancies are actioned in a timely manner. Resolve any issues regarding both the Ricardo transactional funnel generation process as well as individual funnel file issues.  Responsible for the Duty and Customs Clearance operations as they relate to CAT Peterlee.  Manage reporting activities required under Caterpillar's internal customs compliance program including: reviewing and updating  annually  the Global Customs Compliance Practices, as they relate to Caterpillar Peterlee, and ensure the annual signoff and submission of the associated ReAttestation of Compliance.  Provide support to shipping department regarding export queries. Act as point of contact with DHL Global in relation to obtaining Export Documentation from them; as well as dealing with any queries they may have in respect of NES customs, procedural codes etc. Candidate Requirements: To be considered for the Accountant / Newly Qualified Accountant role you will:  Qualified Accountant ACA or CIMA  Ideally, the successful candidate will have substantial relevant experience. Fluency in English is required and other languages are an added strength.  Excellent interpersonal skills are essential as this person will be interacting with Business Managers and operations personnel on a daily basis and will also be required to interact with Legal Services Division, Global Purchasing, Marketing, Corporate Accounting, Corporate Tax, Corporate Auditing, outside counsel, and government officials, as appropriate. How to progress your application: If you feel this role fits your experience and background then please apply for the role using the 'apply button. Due to the amount of applications received to our online adverts, our client is only able to contact successful candidates. If you have not received correspondence within 21 days then please assume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. Thank you for reading this advertisement. Keywords: Peterlee, Durham, ACA, Accountant, CIMA, Management Accountant, Hartlepool,