Title: Chief Financial Officer / Chief Operating Officer
Webindex: 68678203
Company: I Resourcer
Description: Based from its Head Office just outside of York, Lunchbox Theatrical Productions has an immediate and unique opportunity for someone to join its dynamic team as CFO/COO. The successful candidate will be responsible for helping drive the business forward across the whole of the company and will have an expansive and influential role working as both Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, reporting directly to the CEO. Lunchbox Theatrical Productions is one of Australasia’s leading producers of live entertainment specialising in musicals, concerts and boutique theatrical products. Since it was founded in **** Lunchbox Theatrical Productions has established an unrivalled reputation for producing quality entertainment through its companies in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong and Manila. Duties • Responsibility for the Group’s Finance and Administrative Function, ensuring: o The timely and accurate production and distribution of Weekly Monthly Management information; o Maintenance and, where appropriate, improvement of the internal systems and controls; o Compliance with the Group external reporting requirements and deadlines. • Working with the CEO in preparing and updating Budgets, including cash flows, for all shows. Monitoring actual income expenditure against budget, and overseeing the preparation, distribution and agreement of final Show Settlement Statements. • Liaising with the Group’s overseas partners, investors, bankers and external professional advisors. • Management of the UK and overseas offices, including all personnel matters. • Reviewing and negotiating contracts with presenters, producers, theatre venues, and suppliers. • Planning and Placing the Group’s Insurance Policies, including: o Public Liability o Employers Liability o Theatrical Production o Cancellation Abandonment Reports to CEO Skills / Experience • A formal accountancy qualification (ACA / ACCA / CIMA) • Excellent communication, personnel management, negotiation and organizational skills. • Strong IT skills, including an excellent knowledge of Excel, and a good knowledge of Word, Outlook, the internet and various accounting packages. • Experience of contract review and negotiation. • Background / interest in live entertainment / event management. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChiefFinancialOfficerChiefOperatingOfficer_job****