Title: Project Assurance Manager
Webindex: 68680209
Company: Hays
Description: Hays Specialist Recruitment is recruiting for a new role at The Pensions Regulator in Brighton East Sussex for a Project Assurance Manager to lead The Pension Regulator's project assurance function, raise the standards of project management across The Pension Regulator and engage the wider project management community to deliver quality assurance and converge on best practice. This vacancy is currently signedoff on a Contract basis until 31st December 2014. The Pensions Regulator is the UK regulator of workbased pension schemes. Their principal aim is to prevent problems from developing. We use our powers flexibly, reasonably and appropriately, with the aim of putting things right and keeping schemes on the right track for the long term. Responsibilities: You will  Develop and maintain the quality assurance (QA) assessment criteria, its application and feedback to sponsors, project managers and SMT.  Maintain a core of QA expertise within the Change Integration team and the wider project management peer group within TPR  and engaging the peer group to carry out QA reviews.  Create and maintain aggregated MI on project management themes within TPR which are in need of attention as well as coordinating remedial action  Maintain and develop project management and governance standards and tools to ensure they remain fit for purpose and work closely with project managers and sponsors to continuously improve these standards  Collaborate with Finance to define and capture business benefits and centre project documentation upon the business case  Provide leadership to project assurance staff  Fully participating in the development and dissemination of project and programme management best practice within TPR. Essential skills  Hands on experience of project and programme management  PRINCE II practitioner, preferably MSP practitioner and knowledge of different project management methodologies  Knowledge and experience of business analysis principle, tools and techniques  Understanding of the pensions arena  Information management / flow systems  Coaching and mentoring  Running and facilitation of work shops Salary and benefits As well as a salary of xxx, we offer:  Civil Service Pension arrangements, which are recognised as some of the best in the pensions world  discretionary bonus arrangements  generous annual leave provision  flexible working arrangements  development opportunities  enhanced parental leave arrangements  a free employee assistance programme  an excellent office location next to Brighton railway station. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectAssuranceManager_job****