Title: Group Internal Financial Control Specialist
Webindex: 68684187
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: A technically challenging internal control role at a global market leader. Suiting a qualified accountant (ACA, ACCA, CIMA, CISA) with experience of internal controls, Sarbanes Oxley compliance or internal audit. About You Due to the nature of the role you will be required to have strong planning and organisational skills, with a positive attitude to challenges and change. You will be a qualified accountant (ACA, ACCA, CIMA or CISA) with experience of internal controls, Sarbanes Oxley compliance or internal audit with focus on financial and operational risks and balance between control efficiency and effectiveness. Exposure to Internal Controls technology tools (e.g. IBM OpenPages FCM and/ or SAP GRC) will be an advantage and you should have a good understanding of audit testing principles including sampling strategies and techniques. About The Role The Global Interal Financial Control function has the overall responsibility for defining IFC requirements and coordinating the IFC effort across the Group, with testing requirements outsourced to the Internal Audit function. Our client has commenced a number of major business change initiatives; Group IFC is an integral part of these initiatives to ensure that the internal control environment meets the needs of the business. Key responsibilities:  Assess internal control issues and monitor the related remediation process  Assess and monitor compliance with IFC requirements  Support the utilisation and integrity of information of the technology solutions used for the IFC activities  Support the implementation of IFC technology solutions to new entities brought into IFC scope  Support the delivery of the IFC strategy to the Group, being a valueadding partner to management About Our Client This client of Howett Thorpe is a global market leader, constantly evolving and pushing the boundaries within their sector, making them the envy of their competitors. Things you should know Pension, Bonus, Life Assurance, free parking and a range of other benefits that you would associate with a business of this nature. Commutable from Addlestone, Aldershot, Bracknell, Camberley, Chertsey, Crawley, Dorking, Farnborough, Farnham, Fleet, Godalming, Guildford, Hook, Horsham, Kingston, Leatherhead, Lightwater, Slough, Staines, Weybridge, Windlesham, Windsor, Woking, Wokingham Howett Thorpe recruit for roles within accounts payable, credit control, payroll also covering accounts assistants, audit, management accounts, financial accounts, analysts, financial controllers, financial directors, corporate finance, tax including all part qualified and qualified vacancies. Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms conditions apply) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GroupInternalFinancialControlSpecialist_job****