Title: Financial Advisor / Mortgage Advisor
Webindex: 68511215
Company: Simply Resources
Description: Are you a Financial or Mortgage Advisor with a desire to learn? Want to earn great commission with a wellestablished company offering full training? If so, look no further. nbsp;A superb opportunity has arisen for a Financial / Mortgage Advisor to join the largest multitie network in the UK. If you re hardworking, confident and looking for an exciting opportunity to set up your own franchise or work for an existing franchise or business, read on. As a Financial / Mortgage Advisor, you will be providing advice to clients regarding mortgages, life insurance, general insurance, and if qualified, pension and investment products. Operating in a risk free environment with significant financial backing, you ll have the chance to increase your earnings year on year, as well as develop long standing client relationships under a trusted national brand. nbsp; Interested? If so, you must have:  At a minimum, one year s experience of providing regulated financial advice A CeMAP or Diploma for Financial Advisers (Level 4 qualification) Highly motivated, as a Financial / Mortgage Advisor, you must have confident communication skills and a personable approach. The ability to work on your own initiative is also key. nbsp; Additional Keywords: Financial Advisor, Mortgage Advisor, Protection Advisor, Self Employed Protection Advisor, Mortgage amp; Protection Advisor, Sales Advisor, Trainee Protection Advisor, Mortgage Advisor, CeMAP. nbsp; Need a Professional Regulatory Qualification? Please Call Simply Academy For Friendly Helpful Advice **** **** **** Simply Resources is a specialist Financial Services Recruitment Consultancy offering proactive resourcing solutions combined with ongoing training and career development across the UK. We specialise in the placement of Financial Services and Estate Agency personnel and their ongoing training and development requirements. With 15 years combined experience in Financial Services, Financial Training and Development Residential Sales and Lettings, our expertise and understanding of the industry sets us apart from the rest. We focus on building and maintaining meaningful relationships with clients and candidates alike and believe strongly in our core values of integrity, service quality, professionalism and people before profit. nbsp;