Title: Senior ManagerCredit Risk Portfolio AnalyticsRetail Banking
Webindex: 68993811
Company: Harnham Search Selection
Description: Senior Manager  Credit Risk Portfolio Analytics  Retail Banking THE COMPANY Is one of the largest retail banks in the UK and has a strong reputation in the market. The company has excellent progression opportunities and have really strong analytical teams. THE ROLE: The Credit Risk Senior Manager will provide expert understanding of Risk Analytics and translate findings into business result and recommend and present these to senior stakeholders. The role will involve influencing change and working with crossfunctional stakeholders and develop innovative modelling and analytical solutions to improve credit risk management. The Risk Manager will be effective in participating in governance committees demonstrate the outcomes and benefits of analytical solutions. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Extensive experience in a Credit Risk Analytics environment with a Retail Banking Background. Portfolio Management/Modelling Backgrounds considered. Must have developed several analytical solutions for large organisations Strong skills using SAS and mentoring people in the tool. Stakeholder Management skills. Excellent understanding of Retail Banking Products THE BENEFITS: The successful candidate can expect a salary of ****k  benefits HOW TO APPLY: If you are interested in the opportunity then please contact Hannah Villanueva on **** or send your CV to hannahvillanuevaharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS SAS, Risk, Acquisitions, Existing Customer Management, Fraud, Collections and Recoveries, Pricing, Manager, Line Management, Strategy, portfolio, credit risk, sas base, manager, credit risk manager OUR COMPANY Harnham Search Selection focuses on niche areas of recruitment where many of the UK s businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. Harnham s primary focus includes the Statistical Analytical, Credit Risk, Business Intelligence and IT employment markets. Contact us on **** **** or hannahvillanuevaharnhamsearch.com Senior Manager  Credit Risk Portfolio  Retail Banking