Title: Business Security Analyst
Webindex: 68675865
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: Working as a Business Security Analyst in Dorking you will be part of a dedicated team, that supports the business in achieving it's objectives and mitigate risk through the adoption of industry best practice via policy, effective risk management, assurance and training. Provides the Security Governance Board, Operational Risk Committee and Group Executive committee with assurance over the operation of Security controls across the Group. Key Duties: Planning, Organisation Problem solving  Shows exceptional ability to integrate large amounts of information from diverse sources whilst balancing competing priorities.  Is able to confidently make complex decisions where no set procedure exists and using interrelated factors with contradictory and incomplete information. Communications  Effectively communicates complex issues clearly and credibly across varied audiences and is able to handle difficult onthespot questions, overcome resistance and secure support for initiatives through high impact communications.  Actively and continuously expands networks to meet strategic goals and is able to identify beneficial contacts, initiate relationships, and identify individuals with power and influence.  Owns relationships on subject matter with outsourcers / third parties / subsidiaries / internal departments, tailoring communications to the audience / customer Commercial Insight  Uses understanding of relationships among key players and issues to tailor communications, develop strategies and alliances.  Integrates understanding into strategic planning and decisionmaking processes. Working Practices  Easily recognises and responds quickly to changing opportunities and risks.  Provides advice and guidance on a range of complex/non standard processes/activities/controls.  Risks and issues are identified and reviewed with clear demonstration of wider implications/dependencies and challenges made appropriately Skills and Experience Required: Hard Skills  Achievement or working towards CISMP qualification  Basic knowledge of Friends Life products and business operation  Knowledge of Information Security regulatory and legislative requirements  Compile and analyse management information  Ability to write papers, reports, training and technical documentation with support Soft Skills  Ability to communicate with a variety of stakeholders with varying knowledge levels  Ability to prioritize own workload, adapting to meet new demands and priorities This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessSecurityAnalyst_job****