Title: Manager  Capital Controller
Webindex: 71681034
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: Group Treasury supports the organisation`s Board in developing and maintaining the appropriate balance sheet structure to meet the Board`s desired Capital, Funding/Liquidity and Structural Market Risk appetite whilst providing the appropriate flexibility to accommodate the Board`s Strategic plans. In the current climate, the challenges and opportunities are immense. Group Treasuryis in an exciting phase of its development, having created a single function from corresponding legacy functions across the organisation.It now delivers a single corporate treasury function with clear accountabilities that meets the needs of the business as well as statutory and regulatory requirements. Job Role Working withinGroup TreasuryFinancial Control Capital team, responsible for ensuri Other core competencies:  Execution  attention to detail. smooth delivery of results, first time.  Communication  clear and effective communicator, both verbal and written.  Gripped  has a good understanding of key performance drivers and metrics.  Drive  self motivated, driven, passionate, resilient, wants to make a difference.  Team player  collaborative, builds trust and strong working relations. Manager  Capital Controller required in Investment Banking organisation in London City financial services organisation. Ideal candidates to come from Big 4, Financial Services, newly qualified ACA background.  Base Salary **** to just under **** for the right candidates.  Company Car allowance, private medical, pension and other outstanding company benefits.  Competitive Bonus Scheme.  Top career advancement and training. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the jo Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManagerCapitalController_job****