Title: Lead Programmer
Webindex: 68380256
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Lead Programmer to join this renowned company. Reporting to the Transitions Manager you will be the Lead Programmer on installations and manage your own team. You will act as the technical lead on a variety of projects or automation initiatives, providing technical direction across a wide variety of platforms. On larger projects you will manage a small team of programmers and act as their technical mentor. Provide estimates for programming deliverables on both project and automation initiatives, and work alongside the project manager to schedule and resource the work. You will be required to lead on developing national programming standards and any other national projects that require programmer involvement. Develop and deliver improvements to the standards and best practice to improve the efficiency of the service implantation. The ideal candidate for this role will possess extensive pensions experience along with experience on Service Implementation project with a proven and consistent record of project delivery to agreed quality and timescales. You will be conversant in technical, procedural and legislative changes within a pensions environment. We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.