Title: Senior HR Business Partner, Reading, Financial Services
Webindex: 70254983
Company: Carr Lyons.
Description: Our client, a global financial services organisation, has an exciting opportunity for a Senior Regional HR Business Partner to join them on a permanent basis, based in Reading supporting a very high profile, growing revenuegenerating population located across Bristol, Southampton Oxford. Looking after a revenue generating, sales orientated client group this is a brilliant opportunity for a highly commercial HR Business Partner with a strong generalist background to support the senior leadership in delivery of the people agenda. This is a business area with a strong global growth strategy which will need extensive organisational development, talent capability development and organisational change support.  To be an active and influential player enabling the effective diagnosis of business issues/ strategy and goals, turning these into People Plans  Take a proactive role in the development of HR Priorities and lead the implementation of this and other major change as required within business areas. Drive business leadership teams, through the interpretation of these priorities turning them into real action plans.  Provide active leadership, in partnership with business leadership teams, on HR issues such as reward, employee relations, talent, performance, organisation development/change, culture, leadership and learning and development  To challenge, provoke and coach business leaders on how to engage employees and address resulting people issues and build people capabilities effectively. To drive the raising of the performance bar and build a strong and rigorous development culture  Ensure that key HR operational processes are delivered successfully to the business. In particular: Ensuring HR Shared Service is delivering Transactional HR processes to service levels, provide leadership to cyclical performance development and annual payround processes and provide leadership to the recruitment process in the named business areas and have personal involvement in senior hires, including reward package development The successful candidate will have a strong background delivering HR Business Partner support within a blue chip matrix environment, ideally supporting a sales / revenue generating area. Banking / Financial Services experience is preferred but not essential. You will be an outstanding influencer and communicator with very strong commercial awareness. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorHRBusinessPartnerReadingFinancialServices_job****