Title: Qualified Actuary/Pricing (Insurance)
Webindex: 71554956
Company: The Recruiter Ltd
Description: Qualified Actuary/Pricing (Insurance) To provide actuarial support and analysis for the UK commercial division and other companies within the Group. The role s principal purpose is to lead the actuarial reserving process for the business. A) In addition to this activity, the jobholder will be expected to provide actuarial input for the Group Actuarial team into the calibration of the Internal Model in respect of classes for the Company Group and to provide technical pricing support to the underwriters as required Actuarial reserving Provide independent best estimate forecasts of future premiums and claims by year of account, currency and class. Determine Technical Provisions required for Solvency II purposes. Contribute to the Companies financial reporting producing best estimate reserves which form the basis of the companies carried (booked) reserves, inclusive of an explicitly defined risk margin. Assist in developing the local actuarial reserving process in conjunction with the wider business in order to meet these requirements. B) Calibration of the Internal Model Provide support to underwriters in development of their underwriting plans and parameterisation of the internal model as part of the business planning exercise and use of the model within Business C) Pricing and underwriting support Provide support to underwriters and underwriting management in the technical pricing of individual risks as required. D) Reporting Gross and Net Quarterly Reserve Forecasts. To provide Management with best estimate view of reserve requirements on both a Funded and an Earned (GAAP) basis. In the short term this will be used for comparisons with the carried reserves as calculated by the underwriters and management. This needs to be undertaken for each Monform Class by year of account and currency as part of the Companies reserving process and in accordance with the finance timetable. . Statements of Actuarial Opinion. To assist the Group Actuarial and the Reserving Actuary team in meeting deadlines for the provision of the various opinions and accompanying report, with sufficient work undertaken in order for the Group Actuarial team to be in a position to sign them after appropriate review and challenge. Quarterly cash flows & Discounted Mean Terms (DMTs). To provide quarterly best estimate cash flow forecasts to the Reserving Actuary for the benefit of Finance for use in their LFM model. Solvency II: Lead the production of the discounted best estimates for Technical Provisions under Solvency II regulations. This includes the calculation of best estimate claims and premium provisions for the business. Parameterisation process (usually twice a year), for Companies Internal Model (for Solvency **** purposes) **** The Operating Environment and Context of the Job The jobholder will report directly through to the Companies General Manager, but will also have matrix reporting lines to the Companies Reserving actuary in respect of reserving, and Companies Leading Class Underwriters in respect of Calibration of the Internal Model and Pricing. The best estimate reserves are the foundation for the Internal Model used to calculate Group capital requirements for Lloyds. In addition pricing knowledge of the individual classes of business will assist in the parameterisation of the Internal Model. The best estimate cash flows are used by Finance for their Local Financial Model (LFM), the DMTs are used by the Chief Investment Officer for ensuring the investments are an adequate match for the liabilities (as required by the FSA). Reserving work may require liaison with the external auditors. Essex/London Salary **** ****k Substantial Benefits Package