Title: INSURANCE PROJECT MANAGER dscj****
Webindex: 72218927
Company: Clark James Insurance And Financial Services Recruitment
Description: nbsp;Clark James Insurance Recruitment are recognised as an industry leading specialist Insurance Recruiter throughout the UK. We are renowned for offering friendly and professional advice with the best interests of candidates at heart. An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced Financial Services project manager to join a large and very successful Insurance Intermediary. The opportunity could be based in either the Reigate or Camberley office. You will be responsible for managing and directing projects and analysing business issues. Other duties will include: middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; The facilitation of the development of business plans for industry solution and product streams. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Work with stakeholders to elicit, analyse, communicate and validate requirements for changes to business process, policies and information systems middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Deliver projects as required by the business to meet strategic operational goals of the organisation middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Responsible for assisting in the delivery of business planning cycle. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Responsible for assisting in identifying the appropriate capabilities, initiatives, programs and budgets required middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Responsible for assisting in the development and provision of tools that can be used in the business planning process. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Conduct analysis of assigned business problems / issues and facilitate development of options and recommendations to resolve The successful candidate will have experience in project management within the Financial Services industry and will be well organised and able to communicate effectively with colleagues and others. A competitive salary and an array of industry leading benefits are on offer.