Title: Senior Credit Risk Analyst  ********  South East
Webindex: 67956638
Company: Experis IT
Description: Senior Credit Risk Analyst  ********  South East – unique opportunity to work for an upcoming, forwardthinking, and progressive Financial Services organisaton This role offers the opportunity to drive the lending strategy, develop lending solutions with the use of credit scorecards, and provide actionable insight to stakeholders. The successful candidate will deliver analytical solutions and MI reports for key stakeholders. Excellent opportunity for a Senior Risk Analyst looking to progress up the career ladder and join a successful market leading organisation developing credit and lending strategies. This role will support the Credit Risk Manager via carrying out a range of technical and analytical activities in line with all relevant process, quality and other requirements, thus ensuring the effective operation of Credit Risk and the wider business. Role duties: Provide support in building, monitoring and managing credit scorecards. Development and monitoring of credit strategies. Analyse the risk to the company of its customers not paying for loans or defaulting on loans. Analyse customers’ borrowing power and streamline the firm’s lending strategy. Identify patterns and connections between situations that are not obvious related and provide creative solutions whilst linking possibilities and making predictions. Provide support in maintaining and reinforcing company’s reputation as a responsible lender. Forecast cost to the organisation and predicting change and future trends. Monitor and analyse the financial data on a regular basis, produce management information packs, adhoc queries and identify potential issues and trends and make recommendations. Set up processes and documentation of business analytics. Work with stakeholders to understand requirements, develop functional and technical specifications and provide them appropriate analytical solutions. Experience required: Credit risk analysis experience –experience of working within a debt, lending, credit card environment beneficial Financial services industry experience Excellent SAS skills – Base, SQL, Macro – programming and analysis SQL and data manipulation skills Credit Risk scorecards  behavioural, application scorecard build and development Ability to analyse large volumes of complex data Desirable: •Knowledge of SAS Enterprise Miner will be an advantage This truly is an excellent opportunity for a Risk Analyst looking to accelerate their career, and be part of a growing and expanding organisation who are going from strength to strength. The successful candidate can look forward to a rewarding role. This role is not one to be missed For further information please send an updated CV ASAP; interviews are taking place shortly.