Title: CLIENT ACCOUNTANT (PROPERTY)  SERVICE CHARGES  SW LONDON
Webindex: 68061013
Company: ACME Appointments
Description: CLIENT ACCOUNTANT  RESIDENTIAL BLOCK MANAGEMENT  To ****  Our client is an established and growing residential block property managers located just South of the River and with a portfolio centred around South and South East London. They are currently ideally looking for a part qualified client accountant (with property client accounts experience) to join their existing team comprising another client accountant and other staff dealing with purchase ledger, credit control etc. Apart from your previous client accounting experience within a firm of property managers, it would be ideal if you are an AAT or part qualified ACCA and looking to continue with studies. The company manages ****x units with further contracts due to commence early next year so there will be an opportunity for the successful person to take on a more influential role within the team in due course  any current or previous experience of managing a small team would therefore be very helpful. As client accountant your responsibilities will include:  Ensuring the smooth running of the portfolio including producing accurate accounts for clients on time and monitoring of funding  Acting as the point of contact for the client  Solid experience in service charges budgets and annual reconciliation of service charge accounts  Liaising with property managers  VAT reporting  Occasional attendance at meetings with clients  The ideal Client Accountant will have good knowledge of an established mainstream property accounts system  Useful but not essential if you are AAT qualified (or part qualified with an accounting qualification ideally wishing to continue studies) ACME APPOINTMENTS ARE SPECIALISTS WITHIN BLOCK MANAGEMENT SECTOR RECRUITMENT. We are always looking for property managers and client accountants with relevant property management experience. You can send a copy of your cv to us in the knowledge that your enquiry will be dealt with in a confidential manner and that we won't send your cv to any client without your permission. Due to the number of responses we receive to our advertisements we are unable to respond individually to each application. If you do not hear from us within 7 days you may assume you have not been selected this time  but you are welcome to apply for any future vacancy you feel you are suitable for. Thank you for your interest in Acme Appointments. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CLIENTACCOUNTANTPROPERTYSERVICECHARGESSWLONDON_job****