Title: CLIENT ACCOUNTANT  PROPERTY MANAGEMENT  Wokingham
Webindex: 68071280
Company: ACME Appointments
Description: Our client is a fast growing property management business specialising in residential block management and they are looking to strengthen their talented accounts team now looking for someone with property client accounts experience to join them in their fabulous green field office where you will be responsible for the accounts relating to a designated portfolio of blocks working closely with a really great property manager. Previous experience as a client accountant dealing with the accounts of resident management companies is preferred but good property accounts experience may suffice. Any ECS/Qube or similar property management software is a welcome bonus. Duties will include:  Raising tenant service charge demands, ground rent demands and insurance in accordance with the lease and legislation  Preparing quarterly management reports on each development to include spend v budget and arrears (dependent on development size).  Credit control including maintaining debtor schedules to include scheduled chasing letters and solicitor instructions dependent on client requirements.  Handling tenant queries to resolution or escalation to relevant property manager  In conjunction with the Purchase ledger administrator: agreement of invoices to be paid for each development in liaison with property manager to ensure that developments do not go overdrawn.  Ensuring ad hoc demands/invoices are demanded promptly an with appropriate back up  Updating tenant charges/notes  Inputting all preapproved service charge budgets  Where instructed raising ground rent demands in accordance with lease  Remitting ground rent income to client  Producing end of year reports for each development in your portfolio  Assisting with set up of new developments ACME APPOINTMENTS ARE SPECIALISTS WITHIN BLOCK MANAGEMENT SECTOR RECRUITMENT. We are always looking for property managers and client accountants with relevant property management experience. You can send a copy of your cv to us in the knowledge that your enquiry will be dealt with in a confidential manner and that we won't send your cv to any client without your permission. Due to the number of responses we receive to our advertisements we are unable to respond individually to each application. If you do not hear from us within 7 days you may assume you have not been selected this time  but you are welcome to apply for any future vacancy you feel you are suitable for. Thank you for your interest in Acme Appointments. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CLIENTACCOUNTANTPROPERTYMANAGEMENTWokingham_job****