Title: Compliance Manager : IFA Funds
Webindex: 68606188
Company: Hays Financial Markets
Description: Our client is a leading independent financial services provider based in the heart of the City of London . The role will assist the Compliance function in carrying out regular monitoring in various business areas and to provide compliance and antimoney laundering advice to the business units. Key responsibilities: Monitoring: Carry out regular file review monitoring by way of desk based monitoring and branch visits. Carry out monitoring of business and business processes. Carry out monitoring of Pension Scheme WindUp business and business processes. Carry out monitoring of adviser Logs. Assist with the monitoring of Corporate Finance. Assist with the compilation of reports and statistics arising from the above monitoring activity with supporting documentation and audit trail in a timely manner. Initiate any remedial action required as a result of the monitoring and ensure that the remedial action is completed within a reasonable timeframe. Complete all monitoring in accordance with monitoring programmes and timetables. Compile breaches/incident reports arising from monitoring activity, investigate issues arising and report the outcome. Identify and prioritise risk areas and ensure that monitoring is carried out taking into account these risk areas. Assist in any process review to ensure the monitoring programmes continue to test all appropriate areas of risk. Maintain appropriate records and carry out associated administrative tasks relating to the monitoring work done. AntiMoney Laundering: Provide advice to departments in respect of the firms AML requirements. Record all AML queries in the departmental AML Log for further analysis. Assist with the maintenance of the AML manual. Financial Promotions Review and approve any financial promotions or other marketing material. Assist with the review and approval all standard letters, reports and direct offer material produced . Maintain appropriate records relating to the approval of financial promotions. Assist in the maintenance of a log of all standard letters, reports and direct offer material. Maintain uptodate knowledge of the rules regulations and guidance provided by the FSA in respect of all financial promotions and marketing material, including letterheads and business cards. Compliance Advice: Provide advice and guidance to the business units in respect of the firms compliance requirements as required. Refer to appropriate Act, rule, principle or regulation to support advice given. Assist the Compliance Manager and Director to ensure compliance procedures and manuals are updated as and when required. In consultation with the Compliance Director, recommend new or amended procedures as necessary. Regulatory Matters: Undertake research into new regulations or legislation that might affect the business units and provide advice to the Compliance Manager or Director on the impact of these changes. Maintain an uptodate understanding of regulations as they apply to your role. Other Adhoc Duties: Assist in the maintenance of all compliance related material held on the intranet Site. Assist when necessary with the maintenance of the Chinese Wall log and provision of reports to relevant departments on a periodic basis. Carry out conflict of interest checks. Contribute to the maintenance of the departments Procedures Manual. Carry out a program of relevant continuous professional development as agreed with the Compliance Manager and maintain appropriate records of that activity. Provide management with information regarding current workload in a timely manner in any format requested by the Compliance Manager or Director. Carry out any other reasonable task or project as requested by the Compliance Manager or Director. Key Competencies: Key Experience/Skills: Experience in Compliance monitoring in the area of Financial Services. Strong AML experience, including international. Solid knowledge of RDR. Financial promotions and financial services monitoring experience would be useful but not essential. Ability to run with projects. Excellent communication skills both written (including report writing) and verbal. Strong planning and organising skills. Ability to persuade and influence. Team player. Adaptable/flexible. Please contact Fergus Hooley on **** **** **** or email Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk