Title: Client Cashier
Webindex: 68027658
Company: ambition
Description: An opportunity for a Client Account Cashier position in a top 30, leading Law Firm has become available. As the Client Account Cashier in this reputable law firm you will be reporting to the Head Cashier with the responsibility of the role being to provide full cover of the client cashiering function. Some of your duties in this exciting role will include ensuring compliance to SARs at all times, carrying out bank reconciliations and interest calculations, whilst opening and closing Client Accounts. You will be processing the daily client to office account transfers and processing client bill receipts, ensuring that all relevant internal compliance forms are completed and submitted for all transactions. Other responsibilities that you will have include the regular review of dormant client account balances whilst processing the client and office cheques and fielding incoming queries from PA s and Fee Earners. You will investigate and identify unreferenced sums of money that drop in the accounts promptly and within time sets set. To be successful in this Client Account Cashier role you must have Legal Cashier experience gained within a law firm environment. You must have full and up to date knowledge of the Solicitors Accounts Rules, with the ability to apply this knowledge practically, and strong MS office skills (particularly Excel) is a prerequisite. Exposure to online banking in a previous role is essential, with working on Lloydslink online banking being highly desirable. You will need experience with reconciling Client and Office Bank Accounts, and experience and knowledge surrounding client account transactions and multicurrency transactions is needed. Experience of using Elite 3e also is highly desirable. Due to the nature of this role and the liaising with Partners, Solicitors and banks, good communication skills are essential, along with the ability to work under pressure whilst maintaining accuracy.