Title: Financial Controller – Rapidly Growing Technology Company
Webindex: 70287613
Company: BV Recruitment Ltd
Description: Are you a Financial Controller with experience of adding value to rapidly growing companies? Do you have experience, or a very strong interest in the technology industry, specifically internet businesses? If so, this rapidly growing technology business (internet websites) is looking to recruit a new management team and is looking for a high profile Financial Controller to drive the business forward and continue their rapid growth rate. Your role will be hugely varied, and you must be comfortable working with a new business (start up in ****) which is rapidly changing and growing at a tremendous rate. Your role will include a large advisory element, including developing systems and procedures to ensure the efficient and effective management of the company's finances, as well as being in charge of the group management and statutory accounts, staff management and other ad hoc projects. Overall your role will be varied, challenging and fun. To be considered for this new role (January 2013) you must be a qualified ACA / CIMA / ACCA with PQE and have experience acting as a Financial Controller. Ideally you will have experience working in the technology sector, particular internet based businesses, or you could be from a practice background with strong experience advising growing businesses and adding value to their operations. You must be a problem solver, thrive in a fast paced environment and have experience of UKGAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. You must have strong IT skills, including Excel, have experience managing a team, and ideally a background in mathematics/statistics. This rapidly growing internet business, which has recently opened up a new office in Europe and has plans to float in the future, will be able to offer you an incredibly interesting role, to work for a rapidly growing business whilst it is still reasonably young, and to assist and advise its owners on its growth and future strategy and success. This role will be a challenge, but hugely rewarding both in terms of job satisfaction and remuneration and you will also have the opportunity to lead a new finance team and have a major say in all systems, processes and procedures of the business. Overall this is a truly unique opportunity for a strong Financial Controller to join a young yet very successful business at its early stages and assist in a major way with its continued growth and success.