Title: Compensation Specialist
Webindex: 68715432
Company: CCN Recruitment
Description: Our client a Global Oil Gas company are seeking a Compensation Analyst/specialist to join the team in Aberdeen. Duties: Reporting to the Compensation Benefits Manager for Europe Caspian Region, the Compensation Specialist will be responsible for supporting the organisation’s compensation initiatives. This includes participating in the development, implementation, communication and administration of various compensation programs such as annual base pay reviews and variable pay compensation and bonus programs . KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Develop and maintain internal salary bandings, which are also in line with external market data, to ensure consistency in approach across this business. Work with the HR team to identify any issues with internal pay bandings and develop recommendations for improvement. Coordinate the participation in relevant salary survey’s across the region in order to research and analyse salary rates to ensure that the Company remains competitive within the market. Prepares reports/analyses information to facilitate compensation recommendations. Consult with HR and Product Line management on the interpretation of compensation policies, compensation issues, market information and annual programs. As directed, undertake research on benefits compensation issues, trends and strategic direction and prepare and present reports summarising findings. Responsible for keeping up to date with current and forthcoming legislation which impact on Employee Reward policies and practices, including changes in Employment and Tax legislation, to ensure that the company is fully compliant. Coordinate the process for performance related Bonus Schemes, including MBP, Sales Incentive scheme and Key Contributors scheme and ensure they are implemented effectively and consistently across the region. Coordinate systems to ensure that all information pertaining to Employee Compensation is accurate, uptodate and accessible, e.g. information regarding Bonus Plan participants, RSU vesting schedules and eligible employees, information regarding expat salary and benefits to ensure effective accrual and reporting of tax. Work with Country HR and Compensation and Benefits Manager to administer and coordinate the annual salary review process: Work with HR to review performance management information in order to proactively determine salary award levels based on individual performance. Work with HR Administration / payroll to ensure effective and timely implementation Review all salary review proposals and provide effective reward input regarding external and internal salary bandings to esnure that the review is managed within budget whilst rewarding high performers Understand and maintain the Global Grading system. Ensure all new jobs are appropriately mapped against the Global Grades and any new positions evaluated correctly. Maintain a network of Compensation Specialists across the Company in order to identify areas of best practice regarding reward strategy and implementation, and continual improvement. Ensure that the Performance Management process is managed within the Region to enable this to be linked effectively to Reward programmes. Any other delegated responsibilities as instructed by Line Management within the timeframe specified in a safe and efficient manner to meet business requirements, provided the instruction is reasonable and you are capable and deemed competent to fulfil these. QHSE RESPONSIBILITIES Demonstrate a personal commitment to Quality, Health, Safety and the Environment. Apply where appropriate Client Company’s, Quality, Health, Safety Environment Policy and Management Systems Qualifications: Degree qualified or equivilant level of experience. Finance or Human Resources Professional Qualification A full job description will be made available on application This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CompensationSpecialist_job****