Title: Advisor Development / T&C Manager
Webindex: 69595812
Company: Compliance Resource Solutions Ltd
Description: Our Client is a Well Known IFA Organisation. They are now looking to meet with an Experienced T C Consultant / Manager. Job Outline  To facilitate and deliver Our Clients Training Competence scheme and Management of Financial Mortgage Advisers to deliver the T C requirements as defined by the FSA and the firm.  To provide effective monitoring and control in the firm and to support the adherence of Financial Mortgage Advisers and Line Management, while reporting shortcomings through the appropriate reporting lines.  To provide support and training to staff of the firms through analysis of work completed whether this is at an individual, regional or on a national basis under the direction of the Risk Compliance Director.  To undertake some client file checks, client meeting observations and provide ****:**** coaching or group presentations on identified or perceived areas of risk and/or weaknesses in knowledge or application skills, or in areas that the individual is developing into. PRINCIPAL OBJECTIVES: Adviser Excellence The post holder is at the forefront of ensuring that Financial Mortgage Advisers gain and retain competence for the roles they are performing, and for developing this competence, thereby effectively managing risks to the business. As such the results should be highly visible. You should develop close working relationships at all levels with all staff of the firm, particularly Financial Mortgage Advisers. You will promote good practice of Compliance and Adviser Excellence throughout the firm, along with the practices of good ethics and 'treating customers fairly'. You will be expected to manage your time between some limited field work and desk based analysis and monitoring while also being involved in developing internal procedures, systems and controls. Other Responsibilities  To support the Risk Compliance Director to organise and plan a programme of supervision for Financial Mortgage Advisers, focussing on individual and business risk, that is in line with the firms T C Scheme and the requirements of the FSA.  To work to the standards set by the Risk Compliance Director to ensure the highest standard of compliant business practice when discharging the responsibilities of the role.  To attend formal training when required and to adhere to internal and regulatory requirements at all times.  To attend Financial Mortgage Adviser meetings/conferences/team meetings to exchange views on industry and other relevant issues in line with internal procedures. Input and ideas from Financial Mortgage Advisers must be encouraged.  To maintain an up to date knowledge of various rule books in particular T C, regulations and codes relevant to the firm. To support line management in the supervision of Financial Mortgage Advisers by satisfactorily completing Client File Checks, Observed Meetings, One to One Development Meetings, Provide coaching, feedback and training as appropriate in order to maintain and develop adviser Excellence. KEY COMPETENCES Essential:  Minimum of 5 years’ experience within a regulated or financial services environment in particular a training and competency environment.  Relevant industry qualifications, including QCF Level 4 (or close to achieving), MAQ or other mortgage related qualification.  Good interpersonal relationship skills ;  Evidences positive team working and collaboration;  Knowledge of the regulatory environment in the UK, and in particular FSA regulation;  Well organised, readily able to work to agreed, sometimes challenging deadlines;  Effective communicator with good written and oral communication skills.  Flexible and supportive approach to working practices;  Presentation skills – confident to speak to groups of people both internally and externally  Influencing – able to report to other business areas and members and where necessary influence behaviour and attitudes to improve compliance and business practices.  Flexibility / adaptability – able to adapt to changes in the business and its practices and regulatory / legal amendments.  Drive own development – highly motivated to achieve work tasks and to assist with the management of their own development – knowledge and skills improvement. Excellent Salary Package Available This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AdvisorDevelopmentTCManager_job****