Title: Finance Manager Job  Basingstoke, Hampshire
Webindex: 69107206
Description: An immediate opportunity has arisen for a commercially minded Finance Manager who has the ability to manage strong customer relations to join our client, a blue chip Consumer based organisation based in Basingstoke ,Hampshire. Whilst managing a growing team this role will be responsible for the full financial management of a newly established and growing division. Key responsibilities of the Finance Manager job will include:  Providing commercial support for the expansion of the division across the business.  Leading third party supplier negotiations including contract terms and performance reviews.  KPI analysis and measurement.  Developing strong relationships with the Operational Management team.  Maintaining tight cost controls.  Managing and developing key relationships with external stakeholders. Problem solving and process improvements. Managing and supporting growth of the team. The ideal candidate will have prior experience working in a large corporate environment and be fully qualified ACA, ACCA, CIMA. Essential to the role will be prior experience working in a commercially environment coupled with strong problem solving skills. Prior management experience is also a prerequisite. This is an excellent opportunity for a personable and commercially minded accountant to join a recognised brand in what could be a massively value adding role. If you are interested in the role of divisional Finance Manager please do not hesitate to apply today. For further information about the role please contact Dan Levy directly on **** **** or dan.levyrandstadfp.com Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****