Title: Credit Analyst
Webindex: 62304352
Company: Santander
Description: Risk versus reward, it's one of the questions at the heart of banking. And that's where you'll be if you join Santander as a Credit Risk Analyst, right at the heart of what we do. It's a great place to start your career with us. We will develop your skills to enable you to solve complex business problems using practical solutions. And you'll get immediate accountability for a specific area of credit risk, where you will shape policy, develop complex models and provide recommendations to the Board. All importantly we will support your career development, providing a Personal Development Plan, assigning a mentor and conducting regular performance reviews. Halfyearly promotion panels are held to advance your responsibilities and rotations among a variety of risk areas is encouraged to further your knowledge. Santander UK The Santander Group has more than 150 years' experience in banking and more branches worldwide then any other international bank. Our plans in the UK are exciting and ambitious and we're looking for like minded individuals to play help us on our journey. As Credit Risk Analyst your main responsibilities will involve: Creating risk models for corporate and retail banking business units Validating existing models Challenging proposals and decisions that conflict with sound, value based credit portfolio management Building working relationships with peers in other departments and learn about their objectives and processes What will be looking for in you? You'll need to be comfortable with numbers so a ****:1 degree or equivalent in a numerate discipline (Maths, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering, Economics) is essential. General awareness of credit industry products and markets An understanding of the functions of Consumer Lending and Retail Credit Risk and Collections in a banking context Comfortable with delivering complex analysis In addition you are required to possess exceptional numerical reasoning skills with a passion for business analysis. You need to have strong communication, relationship and influencing skills with the ability to explain the results of complex analysis to a nontechnical audience and have the confidence to bring change in areas out of your control. Location  Milton Keynes Salary  ****  Excellent Benefits Santander welcomes applications from all sections of the community.