Title: Junior Recruitment Consultant  Windsor Guildford
Webindex: 71393873
Company: Morgan McKinley
Description: Morgan McKinley are currently sourcing for talented ambitious professionals to join our Windsor and Guildford offices as Junior Recruitment Consultants. We will be holding an Open Assessment Day on February 28th at our Windsor office for vacancies in Windsor and Guildford. Invitations will be offered to applicants who have successfully passed our screening process. Job Description: This role is to solve one of the biggest challenges facing most businesses: finding the right talent to fill key roles. Placing professionals in niche and growth sectors, you’ll be in charge of the whole process. You’ll be meeting clients, discovering their needs and; going out to find them the perfect candidate. You’ll place ads, make lots of calls, network, and interview candidates and decide who to represent. Then you will handle the negotiations, finding the best deal for all. Being a Recruitment Consultant is challenging and you’ll work hard, often putting in extra hours. You’ll need to be driven to succeed, but we’ve engineered our business to support you all the way. We invest heavily in training and development throughout your career. And we’ve created the perfect work environment. Our offices are all superbly equipped and considered some of the best in the industry. There’s a fun, energised, informal atmosphere even though everyone’s focused on results. Skills / Experience:  Proven trackrecord of working in a demanding sales/professional environment  Excellent communication and influencing skills  Previous commercial experience  Strong interpersonal skills  Proven relationship building skills in a sales capacity  Proven time management and organisational skills Person Profile:  Professional approach  committed to excelling in service quality  Target oriented and competitive  Self motivated with ability to use initiative  a “can do” attitude  Driven and ambitious with a proven track record of success  A team player with the ability to work to tight deadlines Why us?  A salary and bonus structure which provides competitive basic salaries  Unparalleled earning potential for top performers  Rewards for high performers  Structured and defined career path  An online learning and development programme for all employees  An educational assistance programme  Modern working locations & breakfast and snacks in every office free of charge If you are looking to develop your career with a progressive, ambitious organisation, email your cover letter & CV to Natalie Lightfoot, UK Talent Acquisition [contact details removed] or [contact details removed]