Title: Commercial Finance Manager  International
Webindex: 67102613
Company: Goodman Masson
Description: A brilliant role as a Commercial Finance Analyst has arisen within the international division of an iconic retailer with excellent brand names. This is a new and extremely important commercial role as it involves strengthening partnerships, looking at the viability of future business opportunities and improving business performance. A key focus in this role is strengthening the JV partnerships driving improved reporting, planning, accounting and store opening processes. Furthermore the ownership and delivery of accurate budgets, forecasts, and strategic plans are also important. As the finance business partner for the Merchandise, Logistics, and Business Development teams you will produce supporting KPI and performance analysis to drive a better understanding of results achieved and challenge stakeholders to improve future performance. Reporting into the Head of International Finance you will deputise in her absence and supervise one International Accountant to ensure month end numbers are accurate, and provide commercial insight to explain variances to expectations. You will own the development of weekly and monthly reporting to increase value to stakeholders and drive efficiency in production. You will also coach and support the other members of International Finance team Other key responsibilities also include establishing and developing both an investment appraisal model for capital injections to JVs and a model to assess financial viability of new business opportunities. As the successful candidate you will be a qualified accountant with excellent interpersonal skills and the strength of character to challenge external partners. Prior experience of business partnering with nonfinance teams is essential. Advanced Excel skills, consumer sector experience and working with Joint Venture (JV) or Franchise partners is considered highly desirable. Goodman Masson is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Goodman Masson is an equal opportunities employer.