Title: Corporate Pensions Research Consultant
Webindex: 68684961
Company: Hillman Saunders
Description: Do you have strong knowledge of the corporate pension market and a passion for research? Then I have an excellent role for you; this is an exceptional opportunity for a Corporate Pension Research Consultant to join a leading pension and employee benefit consultancy, paying an excellent basic salary and offering a benefits package that is very hard to beat. In this role you will be managing, developing and delivering the companies centralised corporate pension research function, including producing their Pension Provider Reports which underpins their selected panel of pension providers. Hence a detailed knowledge of Group Personal Pension providers and their products is needed. Another key element of the role is managing the inhouse Investment Committee. This requires an excellent grasp of both corporate pension default fund design and a passion for investment issues and products. You will also support the product management team in respect of pension provider's offering, as well as work with the corporate paraplanning team to upgrade and maintain their recommendation report templates. For this role you will need to have a strong corporate pensions grounding and be qualified at least to the Certificate in Financial Planning. On top of this you should also be G**** or AF**** qualified, or equivalent. You will need to demonstrate a proven track record managing a centralised corporate research function for either an employee benefits consultancy or a large IFA. Ideally you will also have a background working within a similar role or have worked with the plan design / marketing teams of a GPP provider. Strong knowledge of the Microsoft suite is needed, as well as working knowledge of Morningstar and Lipper. This is a rare and excellent opportunity to join a market leading brand, so APPLY NOW  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CorporatePensionsResearchConsultant_job****