Title: Assistant Pensions Consultant (Defined Contribution)
Webindex: 68689083
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: Excellent opportunity to join this leading Financial Services organisation as an Assistant Pensions Consultant and provide full end to end advice and implementation services to their trust and contract based DC pension clients. The Role As a Assistant Pensions Consultant you actively participate in developing advice to clients by helping the lead consultant generate ideas on future direction. Possess a good understanding of clients' needs to be able to manage clients for routine investment advice and day to day contact. Manage routine client projects, prepare meeting materials and get involved with the meetings, ensuring client work submitted complies with relevant legislation prior to dispatch. The Person To be considered for the Assistant Pensions Consultant role you will need to be:  Educated to A level standard  Prepared to work towards professional qualification(s) bearing mind RDR  Worked in a pension environment either in advisory or administration capacity  Knowledge of the Pensions Regulator's guidance for running DC pension arrangements  Good understanding of the design and implementation issues for defined contribution schemes including member segmentation and communication  Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written  Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to build and maintain working relationship with both clients and colleagues The Benefits The successful applicant will have a excellent career path towards becoming a consultant and be safe in the knowledge support will be given. The company is also financially secure and offer a generous employee benefits package PRH****  Assistant Pensions Consultant is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantPensionsConsultantDefinedContribution_job****