Title: Part Time Call Centre Team Leader
Webindex: 72133963
Company: Selection Group Limited
Description: Sales Team Manager  ****k  ****K  Uncapped Bonus  Benefits A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a talented and professional Team Manager to shine within a growing company s new sales division. This company is a market leader in their field, currently undergoing an exciting period of expansion following huge success and business growth. The role of the Team Manager includes coaching staff to succeed in their roles using best practice in performance management and call monitoring. Team Managers have to be comfortable analysing and acting upon statistical reports as well as maintaining the motivation and morale of their teams. Leading a team of advisors, you will drive performance against targets, proactively seek new opportunities to move the business forward, and support the Call Centre Manager as appropriate on strategic and operational initiatives. The ideal candidate will have previous experience working as a team leader in a targeted and driven sales department, and will thrive within a busy, bustling environment. You shall be results orientated, with a real focus on achieving your targets and bonus. You shall be responsible for : Promoting the company at every opportunity and enhance awareness of the company s brands. Creating a development culture where team work, empowerment and trust are encouraged through coaching, performance measurement and people development. Ensuring all calls remain compliant and adhere to our Quality framework. Agreeing and implementing development plans with each team member. Effectively planning and organising daily activities. Actively manage the team s performance and development. Effective management of customer service through informative, efficient and professional handling of all customer enquiries. In return for your hard work and dedication, you will be rewarded with a fantastic working environment, a very competitive basic salary, and outstanding bonus structure, with great commission earnings in addition to the basic salary. In addition to this, you will receive ongoing training, excellent benefits and above all the opportunity to become an integral part of a thriving company, with the possibility of the role becoming permanent for the right member of staff. If this sounds like the right role for you, then please apply ASAP in order to arrange an immediate interview, by sending your CV to Mark at Selection Group.