Title: Senior Client Services Support
Webindex: 68677058
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Working within this expanding Financial Services Company, as part of a key expansion plan, this role is an integral function within the Client Services Team and is the initial contact point for IFAs and their clients. The role encompasses both regular telephone and facetoface contact with advisers and the clients to support Sales in building and maintaining strong working relationships to ensure delivery of superior, marketleading customer service. Key responsibilities are:  Manage high volumes of telephone calls from Financial Advisors and clients.  Ensure technical referrals are dealt with in line with service standards and regulations.  Investigate and resolve complex queries/issues within service standards ensuring ownership through to completion.  Produce Management Information reports.  Assist with coaching of new starters and less experienced staff.  Provide support and training to the department.  Participating in call quality assessments on team members.  Identify and evaluate potential opportunities for change within the operational environment, initiating improvements in automated andnonautomated components of processes.  Engage with Key Business Owners/Representatives across the business and evaluate, prioritise and define changes to systems, documents and processes to support delivery of the approved business plan and Target Operating Model. Any changes are effective, efficient and provide the appropriate level of customer service.  Develop procedures to support any new functionality/process change.  Planning and coordination of testing, including business process and verification, regression and model office.  Ensure regulatory compliance and TCF is considered and is inherent in any change.  Ensure personal statistics are up to date and accurate.  Complete all tasks in line with service standards, procedures and compliance guidelines.  Own relationships with Financial Advisors and clients. To be successful in this role you will:  Previous experience within the financial services industry, particularly client servicing, with specific telephone handling exposure.  Good understanding of operational environments within the platform industry.  Good attention to detail.  Ability to communicate effectively at all levels and with all stakeholders.  Ability to work well individually and as part of a team.  Able to plan activities and work calmly to tight deadlines in a high pressure environment.  Pension/SIPP knowledge would be a distinct advantage. If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorClientServicesSupport_job****