Title: Compliance and Operations Manager
Webindex: 71848815
Company: Timothy James Consulting
Description: Compliance and Operations Manager  Merseyside  ****k A leading independent financial organisation based in Merseyside are looking to recruit a Head of Operational Finance. The overall objective of the role will be to manage all aspects and developments of client and group member accounts. You ideally have experience in a similar environment any experience in the insurance sector would be advantageous. The key accountabilities of the role will include:  Ensuring company's compliance with the FSA guidelines  Management and preparation of a internal client money in line with CASS R5.5.63  Manage the cash reconciliation and insurer settlement processes  Act as a change manager to review and upgrade all processes  Develop and implement KPIs, targets and measure performance  Adopt and implement new initiatives to support employee retention and recognition, in line with the businesses overall people strategy.  Ensure direct reports manage their team individuals in line with company policy.  Ensure reward and recognition packages are in line with strategy and drive the correct behaviors'.  Plan, provide and manage the support services supplied to members to ensure continual delivery against SLAs  Provide appropriate management information to the business as required by the Executive.  Ongoing design and development of the business strategy for your area of responsibility, in accordance with business needs.  Ensure the business area is managed efficiently and within budget.  Initiate and maintain successful professional relationships with external bodies to improve and enhance the services provided.  To ensure regular and effective communication within your teams and with directors/managers within the company. You will be rewarded with an exceptional package and the opportunity to join a market leading organisation and exciting time of growth and development. All suitable candidates will be contacted within 24 hours. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComplianceandOperationsManager_job****