Title: FORTUNE **** LISTED BUSINESS: FINANCIAL/ MANAGEMENT ACCOUNTANT
Webindex: 67101787
Company: Hays Senior Finance
Description: FORTUNE **** LISTED BUSINESS: FINANCIAL/ MANAGEMENT ACCOUNTANT This client is a global IT business, head quartered in Canary Wharf. Due to a restructure they have a requirement to recruit a qualified accountant / or finalist for an ongoing role. They are looking for a talented individual with a strong understanding of technical accounting but also someone that is capable of developing with the business. The client is one of he top employers in the city, offering both an exceptional working environment, a dynamic, high calibre team to work with and progression and development opportunities for those that are looking for a role that will expand their skill set. The role is focussed on both internal and external reporting for a variety of business units. This will include provision of financial support to the business both in management accounting and reporting. The role will also be responsible for preparation of accounts, financial statements and reporting on a monthly, quarterly and an annual basis and undertaking projects to develop financial processes and controls across the business units. To be considered for this role you must be a qualified or part qualified accountant with experience in financial accounting within large complex organisations. You will have a good understanding of technical accounting such as UK or US GAAP and also financial controls such as Sarbanes Oxley. You will be keen to develop your management accounting and business partnering skills and be looking for an organisation that will facilitate your development. If you would like to be considered for this role please email your CV to me for immediate consideration. The client would like to appoint this role from the 7th of January 2013 so a prompt response would be advantageous.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk