Title: Senior Manager, Operational Risk (612 month contract)
Webindex: 72194600
Company: C.K.R. Recruitment Limited
Description: Senior Manager, Operational Risk (612 month contract) **** per annum City The Company Growing global international banking group. The Role Reporting to the Head of Risk, this is a wide ranging role. Responsibilities include:  Responsibility for the maintenance, review and implementation of the Operational Risk Management Policy in the Bank  Oversee the operational risk management and measurement framework  Operational risk management:  Operational risk measurement:  Operational risk reporting on a quarterly and semiannual basis:  Outsourcing:  Facilitate Risk and Control Self Assessment (RCSA) workshops for all business groups, to identify residual operational risks and arrive at Key risks in the banks processes;  Facilitate periodic walkthroughs to review the robustness and effectiveness of all key controls identified through RCSA workshops;  Review Internal Audit findings to ascertain effectiveness of key controls;  Facilitate developing Key Risk Indicators (KRI) for all key risks in the business and creation and reporting of KRI dashboards including escalation triggers, to relevant Committees;  Conduct the Operational Risk Management Committee (ORMC) on a monthly basis.  To undertake projects and assignments from time to time as directed by Supervisor  Mapping the empirical internal loss data as reported by all business groups, into relevant business line and loss event categories as per the Operational Risk Management policy, and report to the ORMC on a monthly basis and quarterly to the Audit Committee;  Augment internal loss data collection by using scenario analysis methodologies for specific business groups  Conduct scenario analysis to determine operational risk capital requirements.  Internal capital adequacy assessment process (ICAAP) for Operational risk:  Assist take ownership in the development of the ICAAP process for Operational risk  Assist the Parent Bank formulating the ICAAP for the Group as a whole Who they are looking for To be considered for the role you must:  Have wideranging operational risk experience in a banking environment with broad knowledge of retail banking and / or treasury products.  Have good understanding of current and anticipated UK and European and other countries expectations of operational risk management systems, procedures and processes.  Have strong analytical and interpersonal skills. He / she is likely to be a graduate and have a professional qualification.  Have high integrity, credibility and communication skills to operate confidently and effectively at senior levels with the Board and the regulators  Have ability to make a real contribution in a rapidly changing environment. Should thrive on change and be a fast learner.