Title: Underwriting Reporting Analyst
Webindex: 68705752
Company: AXA
Description: Background The role of the Underwriting Reporting Analyst is to provide management information to the business, on a routine and adhoc basis, and maintain and develop the eKiss Business objects data infrastructures. Work with the business and with team mates to deliver analytical excellence; proactive and accountable for change proposals. Applicants looking for a development opportunity will be considered. Development areas would be discussed if you are successful following a selection process. Therefore the role could be potentially offered at a lower grade with a clear development plan agreed and put in place. This vacancy can be located in either Ipswich or Cobham and the salary offered will reflect this. The role Provide data, business /management information, adhoc and regular reporting as needed / requested by the business. Maintain and improve all the associated systems and processes. Ensure consistency of data extraction and manipulation processes. Research new approaches and develop own skill set to ensure that our methods for data provision become and remain 'best of breed'. Make improvements to the data infrastructures (e.g. eKiss) and reporting suites as are required to meet the needs of users. Enhance our internal company data by exploiting other data sources owned within the group. Support the SAS server and/or Business Objects setups, ensuring performance and availability, and take responsibility for solving any day to day problems as they are escalated. Build relationships across the AXA business, promote the usefulness and availability of data and reports, and successfully manage workloads and priorities, keeping business customers informed and happy. Build relationships and keep in touch with other data owners, users and administrators across the group for reciprocal benefit. Understand and proactively manage the risks associated with data usage and ensure full compliance with all relevant legislation: FOS, FSA (including TCF), SarbanesOxley, Payment Card Industry, MID and MIB guidance; also consider the views of other key bodies such as ABI. Skills, knowledge and behaviour Strong data manipulation skills An understanding of SAS and/or Business Objects, Visual Basic, and standard MS Office packages (or demonstrable ability to learn these packages quickly) Understand the pros and cons of different data tools and methodologies Ability to grasp the significance and meaning of a range of technical and complex issues Good quality, numerical or computing degree and strong mathematical / logical capability (generally ALevel maths minimum) desirable Demonstrating effective communications, ability to make technical concepts both accessible and interesting to nontechnical people, and ability to collaborate on technical projects with peers. Ability to plan and prioritise own work Experience of managing smallmedium sized projects Ability to work under pressure and to strict deadlines whilst maintaining reliability and accuracy Additional job board published information Closing Date: Please ensure that your application is completed and officially submitted online no later than the closing date. Successful submissions will be acknowledged by email. Contact Details: Lynn Carroll, Resourcing Consultant This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UnderwritingReportingAnalyst_job****