Title: Inbound Sales Executives  Part Time  Manchester Call Centre
Webindex: 71848902
Company: Swinton Insurance Group
Description: Part time Inbound Sales Executive  Manchester Call Centre Evenings Weekends  **** hours February Intake Dates Salary:  ****k****k (pro rata) plus uncapped bonus Following a recent investment, we are about to embark on a major recruitment drive that will grow our team in the heart of Manchester city centre. A chance to build on your proven sales skills and natural way with people. You'll be a vital part of a busy inbound call centre with Swinton, the nation's largest high street insurance broker. Real progress When customers call us looking for insurance products, you'll provide the warm welcome and the details they're looking for. There are proven systems and quality procedures to follow, but with initiative and personality you'll soon be converting calls into sales. Development is a big priority for us, so you can be sure we'll give you all the skills training and product knowledge you need to progress  and to hit your challenging but realistic sales targets. Real people For our inbound team, we really value people with the natural communication skills to build up a rapport with customers over the phone. A background in insurance would be useful but certainly isn't essential  we can bring you up to speed on our competitive range of products. What you will need is a proven record in sales and the ability to convey sometimes complex information in a clear, concise way. Working at Swinton Just to put things in perspective, we're a business handling over 2.5 million insurance policies from specialist units, call centres and an established network of more than **** branches throughout the UK. Fast moving and always looking to the future, we employ over **** fantastic people dedicated to finding the best deals for our customers from a panel of top insurers. Ours is a culture that recognises hard work and rewards it too  not least with plenty of opportunity for career development, something we encourage in all parts of our business. Only by developing the talent we have today, can we achieve the ambitious plans we have for tomorrow What we'll be looking for in you A flexible approach to your working hours. The highest standard of integrity and honesty. Confidence to learn and develop through continuous training and development. Personal drive and resilience to achieve demanding sales objectives whilst maintaining all compliance processes with a high regard for customer service and quality standards. Good communication skills. The ability to work on your own initiative and be a real team player. Ability to build rapport with customers over the telephone ensuring systems and procedures are adhered to. Confidence to present complex information in clear, simple terms. Terms and conditions The Call Centre is open 7 days a week including Bank holidays and there are various shift patterns available covering the following operational hours: Monday to Friday, 8.00 am 10.00 pm o Saturday, 8.00 am 6.00 pm o Sunday,10.00 am 6.00 pm This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InboundSalesExecutivesPartTimeManchesterCallCentre_job****