Title: Graduate Investment Assistant
Webindex: 69597599
Company: Wishlist Recruitment
Description: Are you a graduate looking to carve a career in the Finance Investments sector? This new opportunity could be just what you are looking for to get that all important foot in the door. Applicants must demonstrate the following: Skills Competencies Communicating clearly and concisely with content and style in order to make a positive impression on others;Consistently delivering and improving excellence for clients and customers; Motivation and ability to apply good financial practice to company procedures; Building strong business relationships in order to achieve shared goals; An energetic and enthusiastic character who thrives taking ownership, delivering results and improving upon personal performance. Previous Experience Relevant degree (ie. mathematics, economics, business studies); Ideally some previous experience within a financial role; A genuine desire to pursue a career within the finance investments sector. Role Overview Daily tasks will involve corporate action processing, including equity Collective Investment Schemes. Liaison with Investment Managers, designated Stockbrokers providers. Undertaking daily price tolerance checks and performing corrective trade adjustments. Contract note identification, capture input. Ensuring that trades are aggregated from investor level to nominee and subsequently placed with the Investment Manager or Stockbroker as necessary. There is scope to get involved in a wider analytical context as the postholder develops within the role. Full training and paid study support will be provided and there is an excellent benefits package including a substantial annual bonus paid on top of salary. The Company The office environment is modern, the staff are friendly and the company culture is refreshingly forwardthinking. There are many opportunities to develop a career within the company. Interviews are now taking place. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateInvestmentAssistant_job****