Title: Personal Lines Account Manager (Insurance)
Webindex: 68994459
Company: True Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: My client is a 100% client focused, fast growing and dynamic insurance broker in Bagshot which is now looking to add a new member to their team who will take the lead on and develop the Personal Lines side of the business. This Account Manager role is an opportunity for someone with experience of working with household insurance products who is now ready and hungry for the chance to truly have an impact and set the roadmap for the way my client builds its business. Although you will mainly be dealing with existing customers you should also have the kind of entrepreneurial spirit that means you will have an eye on the future growth of the company s personal lines business. Ideally you will also have a desire to get involved in any new acquisitions that the company may take on, and in how my client will market their growing presence in the personal lines insurance market. The successful candidate will have had exposure to mid and highnet worth household as this currently makes up the majority of my client s existing portfolio. Equally important are your presentation and communication skills and your ability to be convincing in front of the most demanding customer. You must have the ability to build strong relationships and be highly organised to make sure you always deliver to the customer. You will be articulate, professional with a strong work ethic, and a positive team player who likes to learn and challenge where appropriate. A demonstrated high level of literacy and numeracy is also key to being successful in this role. In return you will be paid a salary of between ****k and ****k pa depending on your level of experience, as well as have a unique longterm opportunity within a growing company where you can have a real influence on its future. My client also sponsors its staff to complete relevant professional qualifications throughout their career. Free parking is available on site. True Recruitment Solutions Ltd are acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy