Title: FUND MANAGEMENT COMPLIANCE – ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR
Webindex: 69538750
Company: Compliance Recruitment Solutions
Description: Our client, a leading Asset Management firm, is seeking to recruit a Senior Compliance Practitioner to take direct responsibility for specific specialist activities, including maintenance and oversight of the Compliance Monitoring Programme, assisting the Head of Compliance in their capacity as the MLRO (deputising where necessary) and other UK and European centric activities of the department e.g. new regulations, fund activities etc. nbsp; Reporting to the Head of Compliance, duties will include; bull; nbsp;Responsiblity for assisting the Head of Compliance in the management of the department, including attending Board and Committee meetings conjunction with the Head of Compliance as and when requested. bull; nbsp;Providing advice proactively on UK and European financial services compliance matters in connection with both existing and new business proposals. bull; nbsp;Maintaining effective working relations with regulators and external auditors. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Responding to consultative documents, attending committees or discussion groups to promote appropriate compliance standards. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Ensuring the submission of prescribed information to FSA and other regulatory bodies both within and outside the UK or money laundering suspicions to the MLRO, in accordance with prescribed timetables. bull; nbsp;Carrying out compliance monitoring as directed, using a risk based sampling methodology including follow up reviews. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Responsiblity for the maintenance and development of the Compliance Monitoring Programme. bull; nbsp;Providing input to reports to management and Risk amp; Compliance Committee (and any other forum as necessary) of the findings of compliance monitoring. bull; nbsp;Specific responsiblility for providing guidance and training to the other members of the department and for conducting appraisals for directly managed staff. You should have solid compliance experience from Investment Management including an understanding of the FSA COB rsquo;s, UCITS, OEICs, MiFID and experience of KYC amp; AML rules and requirements. This is an excellent opportunity to join a mid sized and well established Investment Manager who believes in a good work life balance and that offers extremely good and extensive benefits as well as competitive base salaries. nbsp; Please call David Symes FCA on **** **** for a confidential discussion about this position or send your details to davidcompliancerecruitment.com Compliance Recruitment Solutions Limited (CRS) are acting as an employment agency in relation to this role. nbsp; nbsp;Through application, all candidates signify their acceptance of the above information and confirm that the information they provide is true and accurate to the best of their knowledge.