Title: Floating Corporate Receptionist  Birmingham Based
Webindex: 71679817
Company: ISS Front of House
Description: We are the UK’s leading provider of bespoke and dynamic outsourced Front of House management solutions. As one of the only companies in our field to have been awarded a Gold Investors in People award, we are highly committed to our people, their training and career development. We are proud to provide Front of House Services to some of the worlds leading businesses in many prestigious buildings across the UK. We are seeking a service, performance and flexibility individual to work at four of our corporate client sites based in Birmingham, covering onsite at Snow Hill and in addition working in two sites in Coventry and one in Northampton as a Floating Corporate Receptionist. Your travel expenses will be paid. You will be covering for planned and unplanned absence, working as part of dynamic corporate operations team for this global corporation. You need to be flexible individual that is able to adapt to a range of environments and provide a seamless cover onsite. The role gives you the opportunity to have a broad exposure to our and our client's business, increasing your own profile and work experience. Dependant on the client site you will be dealing with a range of duties to include, meet and greet, switchboard calls, meeting room bookings, post, administration and setting up the meeting rooms and arranging hospitality. Hours are based on a 40 hour week Monday to Friday  working between the hours of 7am and 7pm. There may be a requirement to work additional hours on occasions. We are seeking a committed self starter, who is willing to go the extra mile who is an experienced leader with a corporate, aviation and or hospitality background. You must be very well presented and have a passion for five star service. The role is available to begin immediately. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FloatingCorporateReceptionistBirminghamBased_job****