Title: Area Property Underwriter
Webindex: 68241668
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Senior Combined Property Underwriter Manchester Salary to ****k  10% bonus  Package One of the UK s most established and highly reputable Insurance companies are looking for an experienced Commercial Property Underwriter to manage a small team and lead the business in the North West region. This is an exciting opportunity which openly offers rapid progression to branch manager. The Role This is a managerial role which requires leadership of the Property Underwriting division in the North West region, providing expert underwriting decisions and building effective relationships with internal and external stakeholders. The Property Underwriter will be responsible for underwriting complex risks and managing a portfolio to develop new profitable business. Duties will include acting as technical referral point, managing a team of 3 staff, reviewing distribution channels and analysing statistical data. The Company This leading national Insurance company has a reputation of excellence through their unrivalled customer service and understanding of their clients needs. They specialise in the commercial insurance sector and offer a superior, flexible and efficient service dealing exclusively with specific Brokers. They invest in their staff offering excellent remuneration and benefits. The Benefits You will receive a salary of up to **** as well as an annual bonus of 10% and company pension. The Candidate The ideal candidate will currently be a Senior Commercial Combined Underwriter or a Team Leader within this sphere who has experience of managing staff and P L, they will have the ambition to progress quickly to Branch Manager. In addition to the above you must be used to managing a large portfolio of clients as well as generating new business. Strong knowledge of the North West insurance market will be required along with good underwriting management skills and Broker networks. Successful candidates will have strong negotiation, analytical and problem solving skills, good attention to detail and be able to build strong, effective relationships. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.