Title: C++ Analyst Developer
Webindex: 71802809
Company: Hudson
Description: C, OO Design and Programming, Linux, SQL  A leading top tier investment bank is looking for an experienced analyst developer to join their Commodities EDealing team. The role will require to:  Work closely with businessaligned teams and strategists to define requirements for new business initiatives and design systems to satisfy the requirements of ultralow latency, highfrequency trading applications.  Create robust technical infrastructure allowing continued growth in transactional volumes and trading frequency and to deliver efficient and scalable applications for traders/sales force.  Implement, review and test software built for the trading/sales desk.  Actively monitor realtime performance and diagnose issues with trading systems.  Participate and contribute in design sessions.  Produce maintainable, well documented software.  Provide support for new and existing applications and systems.' Essential Skills  Very strong C programming skills.  A degree with strong academic performance in an analytical subject (CS, Math, Engineering, Finance etc)  Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required given that the role involves liaising with traders and salespeople.  Very strong design, analytical and problemsolving skills.  Ability to quickly learn new businesses & technologies.  Highly selfmotivated, creative and diligent.  The firm and the department are very focused on using technology to increase profitability, so it is critical that the person in this role is willing and able to adapt to different technologies to achieve that goal.' Desirable skills  Experience with lowlevel communication protocols and highspeed, low latency message solutions are desirable.  Knowledge of Linux operating systems is preferred. Please send your CV to jobs.nishil.patelhudson.com and alternatively call Nishil Patel on **** **** **** Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.