Title: EU Director
Webindex: 68702701
Company: merchant hub
Description: Due to expansion into the EU, an opportunity has arisen to join our global company, in our UK office head quarters. Working with the UK Director you will have be responsible for generating sales within your given region of the UK initially with a view to duplicating your success throughout the EU. You will need to have a minimum of 6 years merchant services experience in more than one country (preferably within the EU). The role is field based and you will be responsible for managing your own team workload. The ideal candidate will be committed, driven and highly motivated in order to achieve and exceed our targets. You will be required to give your utmost dedication to earn the very best remuneration package available. Merchant Hub was formed in **** and have since enjoyed unprecedented growth throughout the UK and now have licenses to operate in five EU countries, thus the need for a highly motivated, self driven and ambitious person is required to lead the company into the EU. We need a committed professional, who will be required to use all of your sales and persuasion skills to close the deal on the day of the appointment. Visiting local businesses you will be a natural high achiever. We are one of the fastest growing independent names in our industry and you’ll need to be able to rise to the challenge of successfully selling our product and financial services. The position will be central London based offering a generous salary of **** – ****  car allowance. The closing date for this position will be 28 days from the original ad placement date. Key Skills and Requirements:  A record of demonstrable personal achievement within merchant services, a proven sales skills  Excellent communication skills (verbal written) and ability to liaise effectively with the team and merchants  Team player with outstanding interpersonal, negotiation and organisational skills  Proficient with stand alone and integrated card processing solutions  Proficient with all gateway solutions (domestic/international)  Client focused approach to work.  IT literate with experience i.e. word, excel, ppt, outlook etc  Good command of the English language  Good with numbers and pricing analytics for merchant profitability  Strong in organising and administration  Have a minimum of 6years merchant service experience operating in more than one country.  Understanding of cross border credit and debt card processing,  Interchange tiers and domestic and international due and assessments for all card networks .Masters Degree or Post Graduate Certificate/Diploma Please send your CV to Katrina Hughes at khuhgesmhub.com based in our London Head Office This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EUDirector_job****