Title: Analyst, Portfolio Insight Analytics, Belfast or Dublin
Webindex: 66699721
Company: Not disclosed
Description: We re working in challenging times and the scale of the corporate turnaround we re engaged in cannot be underestimated but we will achieve our goal. To do that we need good people. People who are passionate about delivering great service for our customers and working hard for each other. We re starting an exciting new chapter in our history it s a big challenge, but it s also a great opportunity. With us you ll have a variety of responsibilities that vary depending on the role you join us in. But one thing is constant  working as part of a team to ensure our customers are listened to, engaged and supported. This idea is central to everything we do, right across our organisation. To succeed here you ll need to be a team player, friendly, helpful and be able to use your initiative. We re looking for an Analyst to support the Portfolio Risk Management Function. The main purpose of this role is to monitor and report on the credit quality of the Retail Credit portfolios and to Support the Retail Credit risk function by updating and enhancing the Retail portfolios. You'll provide support through detailed analysis of credit risk data with reports and commentary for Management / Senior Management. You'll identify situations where portfolio performance does not meet expectations, identify cause and make recommendations for change as appropriate. Additionally, you'll support the Portfolio Management function by successfully collaborating with key stakeholders to deliver business focussed solutions. To do this, you'll ideally have:  Understanding and practical knowledge of risk management proved by previous experience  Knowledge of credit risk principles and policies  Ability to develop and influence credible working relationships at all levels proved by attendance at meetings with senior stakeholders  Knowledge of credit systems and processes In return, we offer an excellent employee salary and benefit programme which can be tailored to suit your individual needs. In addition to financial benefits, we offer a wide selection of exclusive lifestyle offers, development and learning programmes, services and support designed to help you manage and balance your own worklife priorities.