Title: Motor Claims Team Leader  Theft and Fire
Webindex: 69930954
Company: Asure Recruit
Description: Motor Claims Team Leader  Theft and Fire Location West Sussex Salary   ****  ****  Benefits Leading and entrepreneurial insurance company with a strong presence in the UK motor insurance markets specialising in niche motor insurance cover. Due to continued growth they are currently seeking to attract a talented Claims Team Leader to join the team West Sussex to be responsible for managing and developing a dedicated team of Motor Claims Investigators. Working in a growing, busy claims environment, you will be leading and developing a team of Motor Fire and Theft Claims Investigators, who are primarily involved with proactively screening and investigating motor insurance theft and fire claims. You will be managing the performance of the team to ensure productivity, quality and customer service goals are maximised and contribute to the business growth plans and targets. Key Responsibilities: Contribute to and ensure direct reports work within agreed processes in order to deliver the business plan Measure direct reports performance against KPI s and SLA s. Provide support to the Senior Managers and ensure delivery of performance of direct reports in line with departmental requirements. Provide support to the Supervisor/Manager in identifying inefficiencies with processes and procedures and implement changes to achieve improvement Manage, motivate, deliver, set and monitor objectives of direct reports within the Theft and Fire Team in order for them to carry out their responsibilities and meet agreed service and performance targets Undertake regular performance reviews with team members against key targets and objectives in order to identify business and personal developmental needs Ensure compliance to company reserving and payment philosophy. Ensure the team maintains company and business ethos to all stakeholders. Handle team technical referrals on a daily basis Authorise cheques in an accurate and timely manner, maintaining volume and cheque return data. Develop and maintain relationships with key suppliers and Third Party agents, to include the interpretation of MI, and identifying/resolving issues not requiring escalation. Handle complaints in line with FSA/Company guidelines and timescales. Key Skills: Minimum of 3 years Motor Insurance Claims experience Claims Team Management experince Strong Insurance market awareness Knowledge of regulatory framework relating to Claims Excellent communication and organisational skills Strong customer service and resolution skills Ability to mentor and train Demonstrates a full understanding and ability to implement delivery of department KPI s and SLA s The company offers, a highly competitive remuneration package, excellent benefits and fantastic opportunities for personal and career development