Title: Wordings Technician
Webindex: 69529109
Company: Taylor James Resourcing Limited
Description: Wordings Technician. c******** This leading Lloyd s brokers is extremely well established but continues to be one of the fastest expanding in the market and it has ambitious plans for further growth. As a result of this they are looking for an experienced Wordings Technician for their London office. The successful candidate will provide an efficient and high quality policy wording role as well as providing a central resource of knowledge and expertise in support of policy wordings, certificates and market reform contracts for the London business units, offshore business units, bureaux, underwriters and internal and external customers. General Duties and Tasks: To monitor the Unsigned Policy Report and to draft policies and/or obtain Time On Risk agreements to enable removal from the report. To provide management with quarterly data relating to the Unsigned Policy Report. To perform the necessary quality control checks in respect of documentation received from the London business units and to complete and/or update the Divisional designated tracking/reporting systems. All matters regarding the preparation, checking and despatch of policy documentation, certificates and/or market reform contracts and to liaise and support the London business units assisting Technical Operations in the process and liaising with bureaux, and underwriters as well as internal and external customers whenever necessary. To monitor all items sent to the offshore business unit to ensure that Service Level Agreements (SLA s) and Turnaround Times (TAT s) are adhered to. To keep abreast of market developments relating to wordings, certificates and/or market reform contracts and to advise the London business units of any changes as and when required. Key Skills and Experience: Detailed understanding and knowledge of FSA rules and guidelines relating to commercial and private customers. Detailed understanding and knowledge of general insurance and underlying legal principles. Good understanding and knowledge of banking methods and accounting principles. Good understanding and knowledge of all company specific procedures.