Title: Compliance Manager (Financial Services  Pensions exp Required)
Webindex: 69537414
Company: Response Network Limited
Description: We are looking for an experienced Compliance Manager to work for an extremely busy Pension Providing firm in Nottingham. The successful applicant will have at least two years experience in a Compliance role within the Self Invested Personal Pension environment. The Compliance Officer has overall responsibility for compliance issues in the Company, including: Manage the implementation of compliance policy and establishment of adequate inhouse controls and compliance procedures, thereby assuring continued authorisation by the regulators. Keep uptodate with regulatory developments, and advise senior management in a timely manner of any changes to or breaches of FSA related and other regulatory issue, any changes to the FSA rules, Anti Money Laundering requirements, Data Protection Requirements, and any other relevant UK regulatory codes, rules and laws. Ensure that the firm has adopted, developed, and maintained a riskbased approach to compliance monitoring, and continually identify potential areas of compliance vulnerability and risk. Monitor SSAS and SIPP business and business processes; initiate and oversee any remedial action required. Ensure findings from client file reviews are recorded as part of the firm s management information and reacted to by senior management where necessary. Develop/implement corrective action plans for resolution of problematic issues, and provide general guidance on how to avoid or deal with similar situations in the future. Act as a point of reference for staff, interpret issues raised, and apply rules and principles to any given incident or compliance matter, and ensure that new products or initiatives are compliant. Ensure the firm keeps uptodate KPI data and management information, and that any problems/adverse trends identified are passed on to senior management in a timely manner. Monitor and undertake the review of client files to ensure all compliance requirements are being met. Review any complaints against the firm and ensure these are dealt with in accordance with the firm s and the FSA s complaints handling rules. Work with other members of staff to develop an effective compliance training program through appropriate written and verbal communications media, including appropriate introductory training for new staff, as well as ongoing training for all staff. Develop and maintain a culture within the firm that understands compliance and works appropriately within FSA requirements and regulations. Maintain appropriate records and carry out associated administrative tasks relating to the compliance work done. Undertake any other duties as required by the Directors; participate in regular performance appraisals; take part in training as appropriate; perform all duties with due regard to the requirements of current health and safety at work regulations. Candidates must have at least two years experience in a Compliance role within the Self Invested Personal Pension environment, and hold relevant qualifications. Up to **** annual salary. Group Personal Pension plan with 5% employer contribution **** x salary Death In Service scheme 23.5 days initial annual holiday entitlement Discretionary yearend bonus