Title: Sales/Development Executive  Commercial/Corporate Insurance (Y
Webindex: 68241643
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Sales/Development Executive  Commercial/Corporate Insurance Yorkshire Up to ****  Package A highly progressive insurance brokerage is looking to recruit a Commercial Development Executive to support their plans for expansion. The Role As Commercial Development Executive your role will predominantly be the prospecting and securing of new clients who fit the company s criteria in terms of profile and premium size. You will be provided with leads, market intelligence and marketing support, but you will also have an aptitude for sourcing prospects through (amongst other things) networking, professional relationships, previous dealings and cold calling. To support you further, the company has teams of Account Executives/Handlers and Claims Agents in place to offer clients first class customer service and ensure the Development Executive can focus on winning new accounts. The Company The company are an ambitious operator with considerable plans for growth, including the opening of additional offices across the North of England in the shorttomedium term future. The business specialises in the provision of bespoke commercial insurance and risk management solutions to clients across a variety of industry sectors. Typically client s premiums will exceed ****k. Because of their standing within the market place and the relationships they hold with major insurers, they are able to provide a full portfolio of commercial products at favourable rates as well as first class service. This independent business which continues to grow currently controls in excess of 25m GWP. Package A salary of between ****  **** is available to the right candidate; this will depend upon experience and ability. The company also offers a package of benefits. The Successful Applicant For your application to be successful, you should have previous experience of winning big ticket business worth c****k upwards within the commercial/corporate insurance market place. You will potentially have dealt with clients from Food Service, Manufacturing, Retail, Distribution, Technology, Entertainment Leisure, Construction/Contracting, Chemicals or the professional sector. This is not essential as although experience of niche/vertical markets is attractive. Solid experience of commercial risks is also acceptable. You will be a driven, ambitious profession who wants to drive their career forward as this client offers considerable career progression if the right attitude and aptitude is demonstrated. Insurance industry qualifications are a plus, but by no means essential. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.