Title: Pension Trust Secretary
Webindex: 68379123
Company: PSD
Description: Working for a well recognised organisation you will be responsible nbsp; for the formal role of secretary to a large UK pensions fund. You will lead the Secretariat function for the pension arrangements and pension welfare trusts. Ensuring that all Trustee heads have the capability to discharge their duties effectively through effective management of the affairs of the trustee boards, liaising closely with the Chairmen of the Boards to fulfil this role. The role includes: Responsibilities for the Pensions and Investment committees Preparation of agenda and papers for meetings; ensure accurate recording of minutes, decisions and action points; ensure adherence to service levels in respect of circulation and approval deadlines. Maintain actions logs, notifying advisers and Pensions team of requirements and timeframes. nbsp; Actively managing delivery to trustee requirements. Develop, maintain and monitor trustee business plans, forward agendas, action plans, risk registers, conflicts and trustee delegations. nbsp; Consult as appropriate with trustee Chairmen and other trustees to ensure alignment with trustee strategic goals. Ensure pension meetings are conducted in accordance with the law and the Trust Deed and Rules. nbsp; Person Specification: Strong communication skills, both verbal and written, to make the complex seem easy to understand. Excellent organisation skills with a strong focus on delivery. Ability to work as part of a broader team. Experience of senior stakeholder management. Good judgement, decision making, relationship management and speed with accuracy. Knowledge and Expertise: Demonstrates an excellent knowledge of UK pensions legislation, Trust documentation, the UK pensions market and the pensions best governance practise in the UK. In depth understanding of conflicts of interest. Concise and accurate minute and action recording. Ability to understand complex large corporate structures. Essential Experience: Significant demonstrable experience of corporate secretariat. Proven ability to drive action and influence at all levels. Up to date knowledge of current UK pensions legislation and environment. Preferred Ideally APMI qualified