Title: Bid Pricing Manager
Webindex: 69050843
Company: Claremont Consulting Ltd
Description: Bid Pricing Manager Our client has created a new joint venture to provide a new hitech single telephony solution to the SME market integrated into the their Business product range. The joint venture will employ a small number of highly specialised technical and marketing people who have a startup mentality who will create, drive and support the product to market. Their partner is at the forefront of megatrends in Enterprise telephony and has created this solution successfully in other European markets. Purpose Of Role: To establish the company's pricing process. To present completed bids to an existing or prospective client, on time and within budget. Ensure that all the client's questions have been answered as fully as possible, and that organisation has given itself the best possible chance of success. Key Responsibilities: Leading all daytoday aspects of an individual bid Bid planning Produce and maintain a bid brief Drive approvals process Edit contributions to bid Collate and maintain risk registers Manage risk process in accordance with company standards Monitor and report bid and production costs Produce post bid review and handover documentation Involved in every aspect of the submission and have an excellent appreciation of what the client needs and how best to articulate how the company can provide that Ability to work across a complex virtual team to manage a bid ie: To fully understand the underlying individual business case To lead pricing activity in cooperation with Finance: Tasks include establishment of minimum pricing levels of the service and it's components. Skills/Experience: Business case understanding Flexible approach to work and hours for submissions or deadline times. Office based with some external client meetings and site visits which could involve overnight stays. Some projects may mean being away for longer Ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines Risk management Negotiation Proposal writing Telecoms IT knowledge Ability to manage multiple virtual resources and working in a complex business relationship in supporting the delivery of a strong, winning, sales case to the client. Quick learner and an independent, proactive working style Strong influencing, negotiating and communication skills internally and externally with partners and suppliers Excellent commercial acumen. Please send me your CV for immediate consideration. In exchange for your skill set my client is willing to offer an excellent basic plus benefits. Please note that this is a STARTUP project, so please expect to work extra hours.