Title: Retail Banking Lead Customer Development Business Manager
Webindex: 68700180
Company: The Co operative Banking Group
Description: We’ve never compromised our values. We’ll never ask you to compromise yours. As Retail Banking Lead Customer Development Business Manager you will lead the delivery of customer development and customer propositions for the Banking category (through commercial management, product management, value management and stakeholder management); lead the delivery of our Cooperative Banking Group (CBG) blueprint and own the change agenda across Everyday Banking in order to delight our customers, develop future business and to realise our strategic vision for the category. Within the Customer Development Team you will ensure you create a high performance culture within Banking which inspires and motivates all colleagues to achieve success by employing development and training plans to achieve significant improvements in skill, knowledge and competency.You will become a role model in championing the Cooperative Banking Group values by working with colleagues across the Retail business to maintain and develop the organisational culture and company reputation, values and vision. Other areas of accountability will include;  Working alongside and deputising for the Head of Banking to create the strategic vision for banking and lead the implementation of the vision and strategy across banking  Lead the delivery and maintenance of effective market intelligence to track key market development, trends and competitor activity to identify opportunities and to manage risks for Everyday banking in order recruit and retain relationship customers, build scale and leverage brand and membership.  Actively manage all key stakeholders in the Banking e****e business, to ensure customer outcomes, service levels, operational costs and key control / quality metrics are in line with plan expectations.  Represent Banking on relevant industry forums and committees, in order to promote and enhance our external standing / reputation.  Lead and deliver retention, activation and value generating initiatives in order maximise the value from existing sales/customers  Understand key benchmarks of “what good looks like” across whole value chain in order to lead the delivery of the annual / medium term plans for Banking.  Oversee operational and business risk for the category in order to minimise damage to reputation and the business for future businesses. To do this successfully you will need to have the following skills and experience:  Extensive and in depth knowledge of the UK Financial Services marketplace, with proven experience of leading significant Current Account / Banking products / categories (customer needs, product strategies , pricing, product innovation, product management, regulation, Ts Cs, competitor activity, market developments and trends.)  Proven and expert level understanding of critical category value drivers, with particular focus on Customer outcomes  Expert level planning, forecasting and financial interpretation skills  Proven track record instakeholder management up to and including Director / Executive level  Proven leadership capability, particularly within Banking.  Proven ability to be creative and to have expert level understanding of key industry indicators  Proven experience of working at senior levels with external regulators and delivering compliant product suites in the Banking world with particular focus on Conduct Risk We truly believe in rewarding our people for all the work they do. It’s our way of saying thank you for a job well done. So here are just a few of the benefits you can look forward to when you join us.  contributory pension scheme  flexible working hours  family leave benefits  employment breaks  healthcare discounts We know how important it is for you to look after your future. We also know that everyone is different. So we make sure our benefits fit around your needs – whatever they may be. We are passionate about equal opportunities and welcome a broad diversity of talent to apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RetailBankingLeadCustomerDevelopmentBusinessManager_job****