Title: SSAS Client Administrator – Pensions Admin ****K BUCKS
Webindex: 68686770
Company: Your Hired
Description: SSAS Client Administrator – Pensions Admin ****K BUCKS My client is an award winning Financial firm , they have a role in there Buckinghamshire office for a SSAS client The purpose of this role is to carry out any administration tasks for clients as required by the Client Manager and ensure a high level of service is delivered and all clients are treated fairly.  All administration should be relevant to the client needs and service is delivered within any agreed service levels, priorities and quality standards. You should alert the Client Manager to any tasks that are likely to go outside these standards due to the volume of work.  Under the Client Manager’s guidance, carry out any client work taking responsibility for client communication and ownership of tasks as appropriate. Ensure that client needs are fully understood and administered in line with documented procedures.  Ensure time is appropriately and accurately recorded on a daily basis and work to minimise non billable time.  Look for more effective and efficient ways of carrying out activities, input into any improvement projects and support effective team working.  Work in accordance with my clients values, behavioural competencies and treating customers fairly requirements. Business Development and Client Management – communicate effectively with clients and contacts, adapting the approach to different clients and keeping all parties informed of progress. Commercial Awareness and delivering business results – develop an understanding of the wider picture beyond your own workload and contribute effectively to the overall performance of the team Commitment and Enthusiasm – demonstrate tenacity and desire to get things right with independence and autonomy. Take responsibility for your own development. Personal Credibility – participate actively in team meetings providing feedback and suggestions and display a growing confidence and capability in presenting aspects of technical information to individuals or small groups. Demonstrate resilience in difficult situations. Communication Skills  ensure written work is well structured and clear and shows an awareness of the needs of the intended audience. Listen effectively and maintain an interested approach. Embraces Change – understand the need to change and manage your own response positively. Look to also support and implement any proposed changes and generally work in a positive and supportive way.  Team Working – always maintain a professional impact when dealing with others and elicit trust and confidence. Try to overcome barriers that may hinder team working For more info please email CV. We acting as an employment agency in relation to this role and accept CV’s from all age groups and backgrounds. Unfortunately d ue to the volume of applications we receive, we are often only able to contact successful applications. We will however keep your CV on file in order to consider you for relevant opportunities. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SSASClientAdministratorPensionsAdmin****KBUCKS_job****