Title: Interim Inventory Accountant
Webindex: 69210226
Company: Macildowie Associates Limited
Description: Interim Inventory Accountant Buckinghamshire c. **** An international relief organisation is looking to bring in an experienced, part qualified inventory accountant to optimise processes and drive efficiencies within its supply chain and distribution operation. The ideal candidate will have a successful track record of new software implementation within a logistics environment, with a strong focus on business partnering departmental leaders in finance, warehousing and retail. Ultimately, this business strives to enhance its KPI reporting procedure, providing stock KPIs and variance analysis for review by senior management. A suitable candidate will be a proactive, commercially astute CIMA or ACCA partqualified individual who can work autonomously and to tight deadlines. Previous experience of implementing inventory and financial management software is essential, with strong MS Excel skills very desirable. TO APPLY: Please ensure you provide the following to ensure that we are able to assess your details accurately: Your current CV An outline of your basic salary and any additional benefits you receive. Sufficient evidence to demonstrate your suitability against the ?essential? and, if relevant, the ?desirable? experience sought for this vacancy. NB: It is our policy to acknowledge receipt of all applications within three working days. As a result of the volume of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. If we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful. Macildowie is a specialist recruitment consultancy with a rich history of resourcing professionals in the areas of HR & TRAINING, FINANCE and PROCUREMENT & SUPPLY CHAIN. With deep roots in the East Midlands our Consultants have an unrivalled understanding of the local market. Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.