Title: Commercial Management Accountant x ****
Webindex: 70254086
Company: The Co operative Group
Description: Are you a CIMA qualified Accountant with experience in Financial Modelling and Project reporting and interested in a Finance Business Partnering role? The legal world can be an intimidating place. That’s why at The Cooperative Legal Services we do things differently. We provide a straightforward service, with transparent, fixed fee quotes that give our members and customers peace of mind. Play a pivotal role in supporting CLS (Cooperative Legal Services) through a period of significant growth you will be proactively supporting management in decision making through the development of financial modelling and business case production as well as the ongoing tracking and reporting of project financials. Key responsibilities for this role will include: Acting as the Finance Business Partner to the strategic Change team, being the first point of contact for financial and commercial information in relation to business case development. Working closely with the CLS Financial Management Accounting team to ensure consistency of financial information and to ensure that project reporting is incorporated into the regular suite of MI and reporting. I nvolvement in the ongoing commercial analysis of existing business contracts, producing recommendations as of when contracts are due for renewal and in line with any regulatory/business changes. Responsibility for the ongoing reporting of project financials once projects have achieved signoff, ensuring project costs are tracked within expectations and that any overspend is flagged at the earliest stage. When you join The Cooperative Group as Commercial Project Accountant, you’ll be joining a business that is growing and growing. Our success all based on a simple, but massively important principle – a fair deal for everyone. Cooperative Legal Services has helped over **** customers, staff and members and has become one of the largest legal services organisations in the UK. To be successful in this role, you’ll need to  Have experience in financial modelling and business case production and tracking  Be CIMA fully qualified with significant PQE or equivalent experience  Have excellent knowledge of Microsoft Excel  Be a team player  Have excellent communication skills  Have the ability to explain complex technical financial modelling in a succinct, logical and simple way that makes in understandable  Have business data and analysis skills  Have the ability and confidence to challenge colleagues and other stakeholders  Be capable of adapting to a continuously changing and demanding environment This role would suit someone who…  Someone who can work independently and has good relationship building skills  Has a real passion for financial modelling and business case development  Is a team player  Wants a key role with the ability to influence decision making in a faster moving business  Enjoys producing a good quality document I f you’ve experience of working as an Accountant in a commercially focused project role, and you’re keen to join our rapidly expanding ethical family of businesses, we can offer you great benefits including development opportunities, pension and discounts. Which makes you wonder, shouldn’t we all work this way? This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialManagementAccountantx****_job****