Title: Acting Head of eChannels
Webindex: 71434614
Company: Robert Walters
Description: KBC bank Ireland is one of the leading providers of financial services in Ireland. It provides a broad range of business and personal banking services and has built up an enviable reputation. They are currently looking to recruit an individual to join their Dublin office as an Acting Head of eChannels on a Maternity Cover Contract. There will be a strong focus on project people management and a background in ecommerce is beneficial. Key Responsibilities: • Deliver a best in class online capability that drives sales and service objectives with online banking capability being a key component of the online strategy. Develop and the deliver the roadmap for the online and mobile banking strategy in line with the overall Retail strategy. • Successfully influence and manage key stakeholders including IT, Operations, Customer Services, Internal Audit, Fraud and Compliance in delivering goals • Manage and develop the website, intermediary website and intranet in alignment to the key pillars of the Retail Strategy including product sales, customer service, brand and a best in class online capability. • Cultivate and manage a high performance team to deliver on all objectives • Manage relationships with key external providers crucial to delivering required objectives • Manage other projects as required by the Head of Brand, Marketing and eChannels under areas of distribution, brand and reputation management. Key Requirements: • 10 years financial services experience • Strong Leadership and influencing skills • Programme Management and coordination of multiple projects • Experience in developing and delivering online propositions; online banking a distinct advantage • Team management with line manager responsibility for staff • **** experience in dealing with external suppliers and managing large budgets • A relevant degree or other third level qualification • Project Management qualification desirable This is a fantastic opportunity for someone with a strong customer focus ethos, an ability to motivate large teams and proven project management experience. This is a great opportunity to join a growing and successful bank. An excellent remuneration package is offered that suitably reflects the level of this position This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ActingHeadofeChannels_job****