Title: Senior PA Board Level Insurance Services
Webindex: 67298187
Company: Resource Management
Description: Senior PA Board Level Insurance Services The Senior PA position will involve providing a wide range of secretarial and administrative support services to meet the needs and expectations of a specified group of Senior Leaders. You will spend the majority of your time preparing documents, organising diaries and activities, maintaining logs, dealing with incoming information and filing. You will interact with a number of internal and external customers and stakeholders. You will enjoy using your organisation, time management, communication and administrative skills to provide an effective and efficient service for all the leaders you support. Job holders are typically responsible for: Preparing correspondence, reports, spreadsheets, briefing papers and presentations for meetings/conferences, creatively formatting and presenting information when necessary. Organising diaries, meetings, international travel and itineraries so as to make the best use of Leaders' time and meet their requirements and priorities. Screening, prioritising and annotating incoming information and communications (telephone, electronic, paper); responding, redirecting or referring to the appropriate Leader Handling sensitive and/or confidential information and/or documentation with appropriate discretion and regard for the physical security of associated paperwork and electronic files. Maintaining required brought forward systems and action logs, initiating and/or progressing own and others actions as necessary to ensure timely and appropriate activity Providing technical support to audio/video conference meetings, including the set up of related facilities and equipment Proactively carrying out agreed operational activities so as to minimise the volume of routine activity, enabling Leaders to focus on key issues Founded in **** Royal London has grown to become the UK's largest mutual life and pensions company, with **** billion funds under management, serving around 4 million customers. We offer a range of pensions, protection and investment products, which are distributed principally through intermediaries. Our vision is to become the UK's leading customerowned financial services organisation. The specialist businesses that make up the Royal London Group are clearly positioned within their markets and our goal is to provide innovative solutions that match the needs of distribution partners and customers. To be part of an organisation that wants you to feel energised at work, to love what you do and keep your career moving please forward a copy of your CV.