Title: Paraplanner  Leicestershire  up to ****
Webindex: 68997311
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Paraplanner  Leicester, Leicestershire Salary up to **** plus benefits and bonus A very high quality wealth planning practice who provide clients with a professional, ongoing financial advice and active portfolio management services with FUM nearing ****mil are looking to add to the Client Services Team with a Paraplanner. Reporting Line: Client Services Team Manager The Paraplanner plays a pivotal role in the maintenance and management of client accounts within team and provides a technical paraplanning service to a big producing Financial Planner. The firms is keen to appoint technically able team player who respects process and has a forward thinking approach to client account management, the ideal Paraplanner is proficient in prioritising tasks, managing workloads and remaining calm under pressure. Key Objectives  Summary of objective of the meeting. ongoing issues and proposed agenda  Progress all meeting action points and facilitate account administration to include actions points with Advisor, update last review date on back office and ensure Advisor updates next review date  Draft report, add attachments and confirm with Advisor, finalise report and obtain sign off  Ensure all application forms are completed and signed and complete new business recommendation summary/check sheet  Ensure all fund switches are effected immediately post meeting or on receipt of client signature and where reasons why letter has been issued, follow up with phone call or client meeting  Ensure JCS is kept up to date with general planning notes and correct documentation and client data , keep financial question status updated, in conjunction with Advisor  Obtain quotations as required and process new business application forms as appropriate and prepare letters to providers with appropriate enclosures.  Ensure reason why letters hold appropriate standard paragraphs and free text using JCS report templates and obtain information from client to explain why plans are not taken up, or lapsed  Monitor applications progress through tracker and advise line manager of outstanding issues.  Attend assigned client meetings with Advisor and keep abreast of client issues, maintaining regular schedule of client reviews in accordance with client review process docs  Visit clients as necessary to obtain information and/or signatures or to deliver correspondence and proactively manage the client relationship  call to offer help, advice, guidance, as appropriate  Provide crossteam support to colleagues by managing their client task administration when required (for example, during periods of absence or heavy workload)  Mentor junior colleagues, formally and informally and share information freely and appropriately. Remuneration Salary: up to **** plus bonus The working hours are 9.00am  5.00pm Monday to Friday with one hour for lunch, you may be expected to work such hours that are necessary to complete the work. You will have ****0 days holiday per full year worked in addition to the normal statutory entitlement, increasing to 22 days holiday after 2 full years of service and 1 additional day each year thereafter up to a maximum of 25 days, no more than two weeks may be taken consecutively without prior consent. The holiday year runs from 1st January to ****1st December. Upon successful completion of the probation period you will be entitled to Death in Service Scheme (3x basic salary), Personal Pension Scheme (3% employer/ 3% employee contribution) and a bonus structure which is under construction. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful