Title: Accounts Assistant Level 1
Webindex: 68689005
Company: Clear Sky
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for an Accounts Assistant Level 1 to join and support our evolving Accounts Team. We are a fast growing business, which provides business services such as accountancy and HR support to contractors, freelancers and SMEs. A key member of the ClearSky team, the ideal candidate for the Accounts Assistant Level 1 role must be a good verbal and written communicator with strong numeracy skills. Key Responsibilities: Prepare VAT returns whilst advising clients on VAT amounts due and due dates. Review and process client accounting information on a monthly basis. Assist a Personal Accountant with their portfolio of clients. Reconcile bank accounts and other key control accounts. Person Specification: Ability to maintain high levels of accuracy whilst meeting tight deadlines. Part AAT qualified or possesses the desire to gain this qualification. Ability to work as an individual as well as part of a team. Proficient in Microsoft Office and Sage Accounts. Strong numeracy skills. All accounts processing systems are inhouse and full training will be provided. Perks of the job: We believe wholeheartedly in teamwork, staff development and structured career paths.We also believe in rewarding the hard work of colleagues by offering competitive salaries, training opportunities and a range of employee benefits, including: Up to 28 days holiday (plus bank holidays) Private healthcare Free gym membership Childcare vouchers Lunch on us, once a month Fresh fruit every day Free car parking Free independent financial advice Commission based referral scheme Interested? If this sounds like your thing and you tick all of the boxes in the person specification then we’d love to hear from you, please click the “apply for this job” button to start the application process. If your application is what we’re looking for we’ll get in touch to invite you along to an interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsAssistantLevel1_job****