Title: Credit Control Manager, ****K
Webindex: 69209365
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Credit Control Manager, ****K Our client is part of a global ecommerce group providing Webenabled billing, payment and electronic banking services and document processing software for the business to business market place, helping organisations to reduce costs, while increasing cash flow and streamlining operations. Position: Credit Control Manager Location: Reading Salary: Up to **** per annum ROLE: Reporting to the Finance Controller Continental Europe, the Credit Control Manager is responsible for the entire credit granting process as well as providing and manage reporting facilities to meet the demands of the business. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Manage a team that have the ability to meet all goals and objectives. b) Properly motivate the credit and collections staff. c) Measure team performance with appropriate metrics. d) Provide for ongoing training of the credit staff. e) Manage relations with collection agencies and credit reporting agencies. Manage relations with appropriate parts of the business. f) Maintain the local credit policy and ensure adherence to business compliance and regulatory requirements. g) Recommend changes in the credit policy, where appropriate, to senior management. h) Manage the credit granting and updating process. i) Accept or reject the staff?s credit recommendations. j) Personally investigate the largest customer credit applications. k) Periodically visit customers to establish relations. Monitor periodic credit review. l) Meet reporting requirement deadlines on a regular basis. m) Manage any issue resolving requirements around accounts on a timely basis. Manage bad debt reporting and make recommendations where appropriate. n) Proactively initiate and develop new processes, as required, to assist in the credit and collection function working alongside all interested parties. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Computer literacy including strong Excel skills. (Great Plains experience although not essential would be an advantage). b) Experience of high volume transaction business. c) Confident telephone manner & communication skills. d) Proven track record of driving collections down. e) Positive attitude. f) Self motivated, articulate and organised individual with ambition. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Member of the Institute of Credit Management (ICM). b) Have a thorough knowledge of creditrelated laws. You may have experience of the following: Credit Control Manager, Senior Credit Controller, Institute of Credit Management, ICM, Account Handler, Credit Manager, Accounts Receivables Manager, Accountant, Finance Controller, Sales Ledger, Billing Analyst, Credit Controller, Purchase Ledger, Accounts Receivable, Finance Manager, Bookkeeper, Credit Control, Office Manager, Accounts Payable, Debt Collector, Arrears Controller, Debt Recovery, Sales Ledger, Credit Manager, Financial Controller, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK?s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.