Title: US Tax Analyst
Webindex: 71634383
Company: Charles Levick
Description: My Client a Tier **** Investment Bank, are looking to hire within their busy London Tax Operations team, providing an opportunity to work within a dynamic environment, offering broad experience across multiple business lines, functions and products; extensive exposure to senior management; and opportunities to understand and influence how the different functions, processes and systems of the Firm work. The changing market and regulatory conditions mean that the team needs to understand and adapt to new tax regimes and regulations. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to contribute to this and will have the opportunity to work closely with the business and clients. The role will provide exposure to the U.S. tax regime allowing the successful candidate to grow their technical knowledge in a specialist niche area. Key focuses are around Regulatory Compliance and providing excellent Client Service to the Business and clients. Main Duties  Application of US **** Regulations Qualified Intermediary and Qualified Securities Lender Tax Reporting and Returns.  Knowledge in respect of FATCA.  Ensuring all U.S. tax documentation has been obtained and processed.  System data analysis with application of U.S. tax knowledge to facilitate IRS payables.  Reconciliation of tax accounts and managing nostro/ledger transactions.  Preparation and submission of annual returns.  Dealing with global Tax Ops initiatives (presence in London and New York).  Providing system and process enhancements regarding QI, QSL and FATCA regulations.  Extensive interaction with the Prime Services desk.  Provide technical updates and coordinate awareness and training within the team.  Providing management and risk reporting. Person Requirements Essential Skills  An appreciation of Operational risks  Highly numerate skillset.  High skill level in MS Excel.  Self starter capable of managing their own Book of Work  Strong track record of execution and results, capable of meeting targets and deadlines. Delivers under pressure.  Effective communicator. Capable of Managing expectations.  Excellent organisational skills.  To contribute to the team s strategic programmes  To become the goto person for U.S. tax queries including for the Prime Services Business Area.  To successfully manage the Tax Exposure.  To proactively contribute to the team s Control framework by designing bespoke reporting tools to further highlight risk.  Ensure IRS tax payable and annual reporting exposures are managed and submitted according to strict timelines.