Title: Investment Support Analyst
Webindex: 70692496
Company: CPS Group  Ltd
Description: Investment Support Analyst (12 month fixed term contract), Bristol, ****  **** (dependent on experience)  30% bonus. Three business critical roles have arisen within an international financial services organisation in their investment and insurance division. This organisation are amongst the major players within the industry and this role has come about in order to allow the pricing control team to meet its yearly compensation and pricing objectives. Reporting into the Group Investment Manager, duties for this role include, Analysis of fund and policyholder transactions to calculate the financial impact of pricing errors on the price of funds and on policyholder transactions. Agreeing an approach with group to fund and policyholder compensation in accordance with SLA. Calculation of amounts due to the fund and policyholders for losses in accordance with approved policies. Monitoring the implementation of fund and policyholder compensations. Reconciliation of compensation payments and validation of all compensations paid  ensuring correctly processed. Provide other ad hoc operational and analytical support to IPC controls environment in accordance with agreed SLA's. It is vital for this role that the successful applicant is educated to degree level and has a significant technical knowledge of OEICs and SICAVs. Further to this, it is imperative that you have a strong knowledge of fund tax policies in relation to life and pension funds. The successful applicants can expect a competitive basic as well as a lucrative bonus scheme which is based on KPI's focused on data quality and impact analysis. On top of this is an excellent benefits scheme and a strong potential of the 12 month contract being extended by a further 12 months. In order to apply, please forward your CV now. Successful applicants will be contacted within 24 hours of their application. CPS Group (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.