Title: Risk Appeals Agent  German speaking
Webindex: 71375283
Company: Paypal
Description: Position Overview: As a German Appeals Agent within Fraud Operations, your primary responsibilities will be to review PayPal accounts that have been limited due to what is believed to be potentially fraudulent activity and to determine whether the limitation should be lifted. You may be working on both account maintenance and escalation queues and will be using various applications to assess the legitimacy of the account holder or the transaction. You are responsible for reviewing documentation, analyzing data, and determining in a timely manner whether the limitation should be removed. Throughout this process you may need to communicate with the customer for additional information and to notify them of decisions. An Appeals Agent within Fraud Operations is organized, efficient, and driven, exhibits strong analytical skills, adapts well to change, and thrives in a collaborative team environment. Core Duties: Review PayPal accounts and determine the legitimacy of the account and account holder and associated risk. Analyze account history and trends and perform relevant research to effectively identify problems (70%) Contacting account holders in an effort to verify activity and mitigate loss (20%) Continually monitor cases and reports to identify trends and notify management of information gleaned from that activity. (10%) Job Requirements: Strong verbal (phone) communication skills utilizing active listening and clearly speaking to customer (in German and English) Strong written (email) communication utilizing proper grammar and punctuation (in German and English) Ability to make discretionary decisions based on research. Ability to function in multiple queues covering a variety of tasks with a sense of urgency and followthrough Ability to learn and adapt to new software technologies Strong working knowledge of external systems, PC based internet and software applications (Internet, Microsoft Office  Outlook, Word, Excel). Basic Knowledge of internal systems software (Kana, Intranet, Admin Tools, Attack). Basic Qualifications 12 months customer service experience Leaving Certificate or equivalent Required Fluent in German English