Title: MI and Data Warehouse Manager
Webindex: 68682468
Company: Spring Technology
Description: MI and Datawarehouse Manager, Financial Institution, Surrey A fantastic opportunity has become available within an award winning financial institution who are now looking for an MI and Data Warehouse Manager to head up their expanding MI team. As the MI and Data Warehouse Manager, you will play a key role within an exciting new project launching MI and Corporate Data across the business. Reporting into the Head of Development, you will be responsible for the following duties:  Management, development and provision of key aspects of the Company's Data Warehouse, MI and reporting facilities using existing teams on strategic initiatives  Managing, growing and providing technical guidance to a small team of SAS and SAP BO developers.  Managing core team projects across all stages of the project life cycle and working alongside the Development and Architecture teams on transformation projects.  Ensure the Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) processes required to integrate information from operational systems perform within the appropriate time frames, liaising with other teams for prerequisites/dependencies  Proposing changes to Data warehousing and Management Information design, development, extraction and reporting to the benefit of the Company. To be considered for this role you will have:  A proven track record in an MIS Development and line management role gained in a commercial environment.  SAS programming skills including strong working knowledge of the various SAS modules that are required to operate and maintain the company's SAS data mart. Practical experience required.  Experience in the design, building and implementation of Business Objects Universes and Reports including best practices.  Confident communication skills and proven client/customer facing experience, especially stakeholder management to Executive level.  Finance or Insurance background preferred. In return for your skills, enthusiasm and commitment, we will provide excellent benefits including: 25 days holiday, a fantastic pension scheme, a management bonus, great work/life balance, medical and life insurance, health cover and an onsite subsided canteen. If you feel you are up for the challenge, then please apply with your CV and supporting statement explaining how you feel your transferable skills, relevant experience and achievements match the competencies for this role, making particular reference to the job definition. Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MIandDataWarehouseManager_job****