Title: Executive
Webindex: 68561069
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: About us Executive, Operations If you have a demonstrable ability to coordinate, analyse and interpret qualitative and quantitative data from a number of sources, in order to develop and prepare management information including key performance indicators, with ideally a degree or an equivalent level qualification, then here's an opening that could be the making of your career. The role Above all, as a pivotal player within the Performance Management Directorate (PMD), you will work with the market as a commercial business partner. As such, you'll be responsible for approving annual Syndicate Business Plans and monitoring performance, including at a class of business level, to ensure any issues are addressed. You'll work with a small, internally focused team that collaborates closely with the Director of Performance Management and across teams to ensure that the Directorate of **** people runs efficiently. In this capacity, you'll promote communication and information sharing, bringing people together to meet joint objectives while generating a variety of Management Information. In addition, you'll also be heavily involved in supporting the annual Business Plan review and monitoring processes, as well as ensuring PMD actively contributes to a number of Steering Groups and to governing bodies. What will you do ? Liaise closely with internal stakeholders, including members of the Operations team to ensure that the Directorate runs smoothly and effectively. Assume responsibility for the development and delivery of a variety of internal management information, including reporting to governing bodies and Steering Groups, in particular the Business Plan Steering Group that approves annual Syndicate Business Plans. Coordinate, analyse and interpret a variety of both qualitative and quantitative information, working closely with colleagues at every level to ensure appropriate reports and tools are delivered to deadline. Ensure that the appropriate mechanisms are in place to promote communication and information sharing within PMD and more widely across the Corporation, including owning the production and delivery of monthly and quarterly Operations Reports. Support the Senior Manager of Operations in providing Executive Support to the Director, Performance Management and the broader Senior Management Team, preparing speeches and presentations, including for the Rating Agencies. Ensure that appropriate support is provided to Steering Groups, in particular the Business Plan Steering Group. Promote continued improvement in processes and procedures adopted by PMD. What you'll need Ideally, a degree or an equivalent level of qualification. London market insurance experience would also be advantageous. Strong communication skills both written and oral. A demonstrable ability to coordinate, analyse and interpret qualitative and quantitative data from a number of sources, in order to develop and prepare management information including key performance indicators. Strong relationship management skills and the confidence to work closely with the Senior Management Team, including the Director of Performance Management. Selfmotivation with the ability to juggle a number of competing priorities, while ensuring work is delivered to deadline, working both independently and as part of a team. Good knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Word and Powerpoint packages. Familiarity with Business Objects would be advantageous. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.