Title: Accounts Senior  Oxford
Webindex: 71434661
Company: Additional Resources Ltd
Description: Accounts Senior  Oxford  ****k to ****k DOE Our client is a leading accountancy and business advisory practice based in Summertown, Oxfordshire, advising clients both locally and nationally. They are a vibrant organisation with a passion for finance and have evolved from their roots as a traditional accountancy practice. They harness the latest technology and are fully up to date with current legislation and codes of practice. These characteristics enable them to develop sound financial solutions that are delivered by their team of motivated and talented individuals. Their clients range from successful individuals to owner managers or entrepreneurs of growing businesses across Oxfordshire and the Thames Valley region, with some of their more specialist divisions operating nationally. Role and Responsibilities Accountancy Management of jobs and review of work produced by junior members of staff. Assist with training of junior staff. Preparation of statutory accounts (including consolidated accounts) from both computer and manual records. Preparation of management information and other accounts related work requested by clients Produce tax computations for limited companies. Report to either managers or partners directly. Other Duties As requested from time to time and as appropriate to the role and responsibilities Ensure good housekeeping is maintained at all times Ensure all Health Safety procedures and good practices are adhered to Attend training as and when required Person Specification Must have attention to detail with good communication and interpersonal skills including written and oral, be able to work in a team environment, excellent planning and organising, demonstrate flexibility, have ability to work under pressure. Self motivated demonstrating dedication, energy and commitment Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Businesses regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsSeniorOxford_job****