Title: Recruitment Consultant, Financial Services, Times Top 100
Webindex: 68673372
Company: Timothy James Consulting
Description: Recruitment Consultant, Financial Services, Contracts Desk Up to ****k  Commission and Incentives London Mayfair Are you looking for opportunities for development and career prospects? Well why not join the 2nd fastest growing recruitment company in UK? If company culture is what is important to you then we have the support, professionalism and fun to take you all the way in your career. The Company Voted in the Top 10 Best Places to work by Sunday Times Timothy James is an innovative and dynamic place to work with exciting career opportunities. Due to the fantastic year on year growth, and moving into brand new offices through expansion we are now looking for driven consultants to join ever growing London team. The Team Working in the Contracts team will see you joining an experienced group of **** consultants who are passionate about sales, client relationships and candidate management. We have high standards and provide the best service to our entire customer base and believe in partnering with people to help Consult, Engage and Deliver. Team incentives are a plenty, with nights out, spa days, trips abroad and iPads to be won. We work as a team, support each other and love to celebrate success. The Candidate As a Recruitment Consultant what we look for is drive, commitment, and fun and we will support you every step of the way in career. We have a diverse range of backgrounds in our organisation but we all have one thing that is the same and that is PASSION. What We Offer  Competitive salary plus lucrative commission structure  Strong, supportive company culture  Ongoing development with real opportunities for career advancement  Reward and recognition including lunch club to fine dining restaurants, company holidays and all expenses paid team nights out. If you are fed up of working for a large organisation, working hard but reaping none of the benefits then this could be your chance to change, this is an opportunity that is not to be missed. For more information please contact Kate on k.haywardtimothyjamesconsulting.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantFinancialServicesTimesTop100_job****