Title: Merchant Services Secure Payment Sales
Webindex: 68672882
Company: PMA Recruitment Ltd.
Description: ****k Basic, ****k OTE  benefits Based Reading and Berkshire Our client is a Global Banking group and household name. As part of their portfolio, they process millions of Merchant Services payments each day. Due to continued growth, they are looking to expand their UK salesforce in multiple locations within the UK. The successful candidate will be responsible for converting leads arranged by the local branches as well as creating new business opportunities when possible. Your target market will be merchants that use secure card payment systems such as hotels, retail outlets, bars, restaurants, garages etc. The potential client base is extensive and you will be responsible for maximising referrals and introductions from current and potential Bank client relationships and for growing and maintaining those internal relationships within the Bank. To apply, you will be financially and computer literate. You will have experience of selling to SME business in a new business capacity and your new business and relationship skills will be developed enough to ensure that you have a successful track record in over achieving sales targets and have an extensive understanding of the sales process. As a Global Banking Group, the opportunities are extensive and we therefore are seeking a high level of applicant. To apply, send a copy of your CV to our advising consultant Sean Musee at PMA Sales Recruitment on jobspmarecruitment.co.uk quoting TJSM41 KEY WORDS: Merchant Services, Software Sales, Yell, Thomsons, American Express, Amex, Elavon, RMS, HSBC, Worldpay, Cardsave, account manager, payment solutions, payment solutions, credit transactions, Sales, Field Sales, new business, IT sales, Elavon, Lloyds TSB, Firstdata, Barclaycard, Worldpay, merchant services, card payments, Pitney Bowes, Neopost, Xerox, o**** HSBC, channel sales, channel manager. Due to the nature of our business we will only reply to those candidates who we feel have the relevant experience for this role. Based in London, PMA Sales Recruitment specialise in recruiting for sales vacancies at of all levels of Sales roles including Sales Executives, Account Managers, Sales Managers, Sales Directors and Telesales Executives/Internal Sales. The sales roles that we manage and recruit for are across the spectrum including IT sales, Telecom sales, Media sales, Financial sales, Information sales, Hosting sales and general Business to Business Sales positions and Sales jobs. For more opportunities see www.pmarecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MerchantServicesSecurePaymentSales_job****