Title: Financial Controller / Company Secretary
Webindex: 68084493
Company: Milsco
Description: Milsco Europe is the European division of Milsco, an international seat manufacturing business for off road vehicles. It is composed of two companies; Milsco Manufacturing Limited (Nuneaton) and Promek Seating Systems Ltd (Limerick, Ireland). The role is based in Nuneaton with infrequent travel to the USA and Limerick. We have an immediate requirement for a Financial Controller to join our management team. The role involves preparing management accounts, financial statements, overseeing the Finance department (**** assistant) and meeting all required financial filings. You will report directly to the Managing Director. Key Roles:  The production of monthly management accounts.  The production of annual statutory accounts for the company and for consolidation in Group Accounts. These accounts to be audited and approved by external auditors as being prepared in accordance with acceptable accounting practice.  To carry out the duties of Company Secretary – specifically keeping meeting minutes, keeping the share register, providing annual returns.  Monthly reporting to the UK management team providing information regarding variances , strengths and areas for improvement.  To assess and address financial risks to the business.  To provide financial information and recommendation relating to Capital Investments.  To provide financial information and recommendation relating to product costing and sales margins.  Ensure timely production ofrequirements for Corporation Tax, VAT, IPR, Intrastat , National Statistics etc.  Ensure timely management of the payroll including deductions and Inland Revenue reporting.  Oversee the running of both Purchase Ledger and Sales Ledger to acceptable corporate and accounting standards.  Forecast and monitor Cashflow.  Preparation of the annual budget including Profit and Loss, Manpower, Capital and Cash Flow Forecasting.  Oversee the management of the PC network – hardware and software.  Oversee provision of facility services such as cleaning, telephone, utilities.  Improvement in the financial performance of the business principally EBITDA in line with the Profit Plan.  Timely and accurate production of management and statutory accounts  Compliance with UK legislation and UK Government reporting deadlines.  Prevention of events or circumstances which represent a risk to the legal, financial or operational security of the business. Key Skills  Preparation of management and statutory financial statements  Business Management  Strong Microsoft Excel skills  Communication / people management skills  Knowledge of business processes (audit background preferred) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialControllerCompanySecretary_job****