Title: Financial Service Graduates
Webindex: 69640905
Company: FPSG
Description: FPSG are currently recruiting for a number of Financial Services Administrators who have previous experience within the financial services industry. Successful candidates will be providing operational support within an administrative and data processing function. You will be able to demonstrate your ability to work to high degrees of accuracy, ensuring high productivity results and completed within agreed timescales. Ideally candidates will have previous banking, insurance or funds experience, exposure to reconciliations, settlements or dividends would be beneficial. Experience/Qualifications  Graduates with the following degrees  Mathematics, Economics, Risk Management, Accountancy, Banking & Finance.  Previous financial services data processing experience would be ideal but not essential.  Ability to demonstrate high attention to detail and accuracy at all time  Demonstrate a hunger for success and willingness to go all out for the right job.  Excellent MS Office knowledge including Word and Excel  Enthusiastic and pro active approach able to work in a team environment and commit to high service delivery Company Profile: You will be part of a global financial services organization with a leading presence throughout the world, offering diversity in products, services available to customers and exciting opportunities to develop your career. We currently have a number of positions available please contact FPSG to discuss in more detail.  Please note these are temporary positions of varying length  All successful candidates must be able to pass full credit and criminal background checks  Contact Details: please submit your CV to Holly Downes via the 'apply here' button FPSG has an unrivalled reputation for successfully delivering specialist recruitment, career development and leadership solutions to organisations and candidates across our core Banking, Sales & Marketing, Professional, Operational and Technology markets. We recruit for retention and recognise that each candidate, each client, each market and each industry has individual requirements. We help you get it right the first time so that your organisation / career can flourish  creating time efficiencies and providing peace of mind that you're in safe hands. FPSG operates as a recruitment agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a recruitment business in providing temporary and contract jobseeking services.  Glasgow (HQ)  Edinburgh  Manchester www.fpsgconnect.co.uk FPSG IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES EMPLOYER