Title: Exposure Management & Reinsurance Analyst
Webindex: 68673734
Company: Capita Resourcing Campaigns
Description: Exposure Management Reinsurance Analyst If you've obtained a high standard of education in a numerate subject, along with a strong grasp of probability theory and statistics, then here's a role that could prove an ideal match for your expertise and ambition. The Role Above all, you will assist in the running, data entry and maintenance of the company's Catastrophe Model on a quarterly basis, which measure major earthquake and hurricane risks. In this capacity, you will assist in the analysis of Exposure Management Reinsurance (EMR) team data such as the RDS and draft reports for stakeholders such as Managing Agents, teams, Executive team and the Franchise Board. What will you do? Assist in running the Company's Catastrophe Model quarterly Assist in the maintenance of the CM Take part in CM model development activities Assist in the preparation of syndicate data for the LCM Assist in the regular analysis and reporting of Exposure Management Reinsurance (EMR) team data Assist the EMR team on other projects as they arise Help develop and run visualisations based on the company's and industry data for use by the company and the wider Market. Values Capabilities Exceptional numeracy skills: o A good standard of education in a numerate subject. o Strong grasp of probability theory and statistics. Strong skills in computing: o Knowledge of at least one procedural programming language such as C or its variants, FORTRAN, R, S, MATLAB or similar languages is required. o Use of multiple environments (e.g. using SQL with a programming language etc) is preferable. o Evidence of having written substantial programs. o Demonstrable evidence of good problem solving skills. o Ideally, you'll also have proof of robust programming such as unit or integration testing. o Knowledge of any of the following would also be advantageous: HTML; XML; CSS; SQL or JavaScript. Ideally, you'll also have knowledge of stochastic modelling in an insurance context: o Use of catastrophe models in practice. o Involvement with Dynamic Financial Analysis (DFA) modelling in an insurer. Demonstrable communication skills: o Proven ability to document processes clearly and concisely. o Track record of capability to present data clearly. Excellent interpersonal and team skills. Outstanding time and resource management skills. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExposureManagementReinsuranceAnalyst_job****