Title: Functional Architect x ****
Webindex: 72479416
Company: Hanson Lee Ltd
Description: Our client is a market leader and technical innovator. They provide IT systems and solutions to hundreds of companies in the London Insurance Market. As part of the continued growth plans, they require a Functional Architect to provide the definition and functional design of features required for a commercial insurance software product covering the full insurance lifecycle. Also, when involved in customer implementations, to ensure there is an optimal fit of product/service functionality to a customer s current needs future plans. Role: From experience of the insurance industry, define market leading features and functionality needed in a software package designed to support the commercial insurance industry. Produce high quality functional specifications whilst taking into account existing functionality to ensure consistency and cohesion in the product. Act as a domain expert to other members of the product development team Ensure the required feature set is delivered through effective communication with the development and test teams throughout the software development life cycle. If working on a customer implementation, influence customer requirements set expectations to ensure a smooth implementation with phased deliverables. Required Skills and Experience Necessary: Significant experience of working within a commercial insurance software vendor and providing functional direction and definition for new products, modules or features sold into the insurance community. Wide breadth of large scale commercial insurance knowledge In depth understanding of the business processes that cover Reinsurance (proportional non proportional) Technical Accounting in particular as well as Underwriting and Claims. Ability to call upon experience to identify. prioritise and specify features needed in a software package designed to support the commercial insurance industry. Good written communication skills, with the ability to write high quality business functional requirement documentation needing little or no amendment. Good verbal skills, with the ability to communicate with all levels of staff and management, and participate in meetings/workshops. Ability to multi task whilst assessing and determining relevant priorities. Good relationship presentational skills. Good understanding of all areas of the software development lifecycle. Selfmotivated, and displays high energy levels to solve problems find innovative solutions. Good knowledge and experience of implementing various commercial insurance software packages and an appreciation of the strengths and weaknesses of each Experience of using MS SQL Server Management Studio to extract data for analysis