Title: Corporate Tax Advisor
Webindex: 66887561
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Due to the continued success of this prestigious UK Accountancy firm a requirement has arisen for a Tax Advisor to assist the existing Corporate Tax Manager with advisory as well as compliance services for the firm s client base. Working within the Corporate Tax department you will be assisting with providing technical advice to a broad range of clients ranging from large corporates to local business across a diverse selection of industries. You will also be assisting them with their Corporate Tax planning as well so not only will you be a confident communicator and relationship builder, but also have some technical knowledge with regards to Corporate Tax issues. Responsibilities include: Providing technical support to the Corporate Tax Manager on behalf of a range of clients. Building rapport with clients and maintaining accurate record keeping of their expectations, as well as participating in business development opportunities. Developing an internal network within the Corporate Tax department across all national sites. Maintaining an awareness of the organisations risk management procedure and ensuring mitigation of risk by ensuring documentation of services is provided. Retaining a familiarity with the full spectrum of Corporate Tax issues. Seeking solutions to a broad range of technical issues with a willingness to assist. You will have experience within Corporate Tax with some technical knowledge as well being keen to venture into an advisory role. You will be enthusiastic in building new relationships as well as managing existing relationships. Excellent organisational skills are a big focus for the role, as well as sound numeracy and written skills. The ATT or CTA qualification is preferred but not essential, as solid experience within Corporation Tax will be strongly considered. If you are looking to join a forward thinking organisation with the view to establish a long term profitable career then please contact Jennifer on (Apply online only) or email your CV View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position