Title: Employee Benefits Helpdesk Advisor
Webindex: 66887542
Company: Hillman Saunders
Description: Are you a customer services professional looking to join a vibrant and rapidly growing employee benefits consultancy with excellent opportunities for career progression? Then I have an excellent opportunity for you. My client, a market leading employee benefits consultancy with offices worldwide, is looking to grow their Client Team Department, specifically within the Helpdesk Team. The Helpdesk Team is an employee focused call centre operation who deals with the day to day needs of their clients employees. In this role you would effectively be the voice of Thomsons and it would be your mission to deliver an excellent and consistent experience for all employees that contact you through all channels of communication, including email, phone and specific admin services. You will be expected to meet and exceed call centre KPIs both individually and as part of a team, as well taking ownership of queries and ensure that they are completed correctly and within time. My client is looking people that can really add to their business and are looking to grow and develop within the company. You must be passionate about delivering excellent service, be self motivated, and want to help others through delivering an efficient but also quality lead service. To be considered for this role you need to have proven financial services and client management experience. You will ideally have a successful track record of meeting KPIs and SLAs in a call centre environment and have experience using a CRM system. Some experience in the employee benefits industry would be extremely beneficial. You should be able to build rapport and respond confidently to customer queries, with strong ability to deal with difficult calls. This is an excellent opportunity to join a truly innovative and forward thinking organisation that will support your career aspirations. If you prove yourself in this role then it can lead to you forging a very successful career within the company, one that very much supports internal progression. Do not miss out, apply now  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business