Title: Internal Recruitment
Webindex: 71433285
Company: Chase and Holland
Description: We are currently working with a client in the Nottinghamshire area who are currently looking to build an internal recruitment team. We are keen to speak with individuals who who have experience of either Internal recruitment previously or who are looking to move from an agency setting to an internal role. This role will see you carry out a rounded recruitment role for a number of departments, Duties will therefore include:  Liaising with internal line managers to ascertain recruitment requirements  Advertising in the appropriate mediums (job boards, local advertising)  Screening all applications and short listing appropriately skilled individuals  Carry out telephone interviews with short listed candidates ensuring accurate notes are made and recorded  Setting up face to face interviews  Providing feedback to interviewed candidates regardless of success  Ensure new recruits are provided with the correct paperwork prior to starting and that relevant checks are carried out ie. Right to Work and CRB`s if relevant. You need to be able to work under pressure and to deadlines as the work you do has a significant effect on the wider business. On offer is an extremely busy but friendly working environment alongside a competitive salary within a growing business. Chase and Holland specialise in Finance (Commerce Industry and Professional Practice) and HR recruitment. We comfortably service the South Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire and Lincolnshire marketplaces. We are currently recruiting for a number of businesses that are looking for candidates across a number of sectors. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to you on this occasion your application has not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternalRecruitment_job****