Title: PROPERTY CLIENT ACCOUNTANT / SERVICE CHARGE ACCOUNTANT
Webindex: 68061009
Company: ACME Appointments
Description: Career driven Birmingham based Property Client Accountant with service charge budget experience needed for a major UK commercial property firm. This is a great opportunity for an experienced property client accountant with commercial property experience who wants to work within a growing commercial property firm that will offer you career progression. You will be responsible for all aspects of the client accounting and service charge function, within a commercial portfolio, you will be working as part of a team managing the accounting and reporting of client and tenant funds working from the Birmingham office.  Accurate client accounting including rent, service charge insurance charges to tenants, identifying rental balances transfer of income to clients  VAT and financial reporting  Main point of contact for the Client including attending client meetings  Calculation and compilation of completion statements, rent review calculations and interest  Ensure all Service Charges are closed within 3 months of year end, reviewing cash reconciliations and clear reconciling items.  Review funding, funding issues and resolving  Be familiar with RICS regulations, CIS, VAT NRL requirements  Liaise with Auditors, Surveyors and Solicitors Your background as a property client accountant / service charge accountant within a commercial property environment with experience in service charge budgets, preparation and reconciliation, VAT, client liaison and management and worked within RICS, CIS, VAT and NRL requirements. As a property specialist agency, we are always interested in hearing from service charge accountants and property client accountants with experience within the commercial and residential property sectors. This role is based within Birmingham. Due to the number of responses we receive to our advertisements we are unable to respond individually to each application. If you do not hear from us within 7 days you may assume you have not been selected this time  but you are welcome to apply for any future vacancy you feel you are suitable for. Thank you for your interest in Acme Appointments. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PROPERTYCLIENTACCOUNTANTSERVICECHARGEACCOUNTANT_job****