Title: Financial Transformation Analyst
Webindex: 71471070
Company: Strategic Executive Partners Ltd
Description: Finance Transformation Analyst My Financial Services Client, based primarily in the South East, is currently seeking an experienced Finance Transformation Analyst to join their company on a permanent basis. The role will require leading on developing the target operating model and architecture for the financial reporting process as well as undertaking the analysis and design of 'as is' and 'to be' processes. The successful candidate will also have to carry out methodical investigation, analysis, review and documentation of business areas in terms of business functions, operating model, systems, data and process on specific projects. The role will cover all stages of the End to End project life cycle from the production of Business Cases, through Project Initiation, Requirements Specification, Development Monitoring, Test, Remediation, Benefits Realisation and post project reviews. Skills Experience Finance background, preferably within Financial Services organisations. Proven Lean Six Sigma Experience  ideally with a recognised qualification. Proven negotiation skills to help formulate the most appropriate steps to take with various stakeholders. Sound communicator with the ability to challenge and derive the required information. Proven experience of finance process reengineering and the use of metrics to quantify business benefits Analysis and design of finance processes, ideally in a shared services environment, incorporating best practice and involving both core transaction processing and reporting/MI. Must have strong facilitation skills. Advanced level of documentation skills. Experience of gathering and analysing metrics. Able to manage requirements from inception to completion. Must be comfortable writing business cases and in particular be able to articulate business cases in terms of intangible benefits Salary ****  **** If this is of interest, please apply with an up to date CV/covering letter. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location Job start date: ASAP