Title: Multi lingual Source to Pay Specialist
Webindex: 72691177
Company: Wolviston Management Services Ltd
Description: **** Support the delivery of defined, high quality transactional and business service associated with the Source to Pay process, to agreed performance and cost targets, on behalf of all relevant businesses sites. ****Conform to the company procurement policies treasury guidelines in the accounts payable areas of the legal entities. This will include working with the site based procurement teams site accountants when required. 3.Monitor the performance of their particular business entity / SAP platform to ensure:  correct site purchasing procedures are followed  goods or service receipt are done in a timely manner  supplier behaviors, particularly around compliance with required documentation standards are met. 4. Maintain and develop key relationships with the outsourced Accounts Payable provider. Ensure Standard Operating Procedures are reviewed updated as required. The provision of 3rd level support refers to problems encountered in operations that the outsourced Accounts Payable provider is unable to resolve, and needs to refer back to the business. ****Ensure maximum value is extracted from our supplier base by adherence to supplier payment terms, gaining maximum benefit for working capital. ****Pro actively resolve any S****P process failures, in accordance with SLA requirements, ensuring corrective actions are taken and that lessons learned are incorporated in future operating processes. Technical Skills, Experience and Knowledge: Degree Level Education The job requires experience in working in Accounts to include financial accounting accounts payable, specifically: Preparing and processing payment runs in accordance with supplier terms Preparing forecasts of supplier payments to meet company Treasury requirements. Reconciling supplier statements to ensure the integrity of the SAP AP system including reconciling the AP control account on a daily basis to avoid disputes with suppliers. Resolving supplier queries, requests for payment to ensure that no action is taken against company businesses due to late payment of supplier invoices. In depth knowledge of the relevant areas of SAP FI/CO and MM modules. PC literacy in MS Office, particularly Excel. Level 4 in two European Languages (French, Spanish, Italian) Involvement with continuous improvement projects Working with an outsourcer