Title: SYSTEM TESTER  Join a Leading Fund Manager  ****K, Essex
Webindex: 67653116
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: SYSTEM TESTER  Join a Leading Fund Manager  ****K, Essex; This is a great opportunity for a SYSTEM TESTER to join a leading FUND MANAGER. Based in ESSEX this role offers a salary of **** plus non contributory pension scheme, life assurance, childcare vouchers, etc. The company With 80 years of experience managing funds, the company deals with all key assets classes  equities, Fixed Income and commercial property  on behalf of both Institutional and Retail investors across UK, Europe, Asia, the Americas and South Africa. They operate a relatively flat structure which means they have the flexibility to accommodate your career aspirations, offering you a constant stream of fresh challenges and providing you with training that is tailored to your needs with maximum exposure to a range of business areas. The role As a System Tester you will carry out daytoday system technical activities to support the Retail and PPL areas liaising with third party providers. You will be involved in businessasusual activities, managing issues and working on different projects. Your key responsibilities as a System Tester include: testing projects, testing mailings/mass statements, organising data/extracts using databases and VBA, as well as developing user developed applications in MS Access using VBA. If you have previous system testing experience, this is an opportunity to be part of a mature and flexible environment which promotes a strong work/life balance. Key skills/experience required:  System testing experience;  Financial Services experience is essential to be considered;  MS Office skills for MS Word, Excel Access inc. VBA will be considered as an advantage;  Ability to work both with and without close supervision. Are you interested in finding out more about this System Tester opportunity? Please apply ASAP with an uptodate CV for immediate review or call me for a confidential discussion. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.