Title: Financial Controller  Engineering Firm
Webindex: 68686025
Company: Badenoch & Clark   London 
Description: Our client is a growing, innovative multisite Engineering business currently seeking a Financial Controller to report to the Group CFO. This is a fantastic opportunity for an articulate and commercial qualified accountant to be involved with strategic decision making within a growing business. This organisation is undergoing considerable acquisitions and investments and will require a commercial leader with a flexible approach. The role is also based in HERTFORDSHIRE, therefore relevant candidates would need to be within commuting distance to North London. Key responsibilities will include:  Full responsibility for running the full finance function on a day to day basis.  Group reports, management accounts, statutory accounts, budgets, forecasting and strategic plans.  Treasury management including currency, cashflow forecasting and compliance with banking requirements.  Tax management for UK companies and liaising with other country Tax advisors  Management of financial controls including internal audit processes and reviews  Support for M A, corporate transactions and investments  Support for the CFO in the preparation of investor relations materials, including presentations annual report The ideal profile of candidate for this role will be ACA Qualified from a Big 4 Practice or equivalent. You will also possess superb relationship management skills, be highly commercial, resilient and determined, and yet retain a sense of humour and perspective to be able to cope with the day to day pressures of a growing business. If you feel you have the relevant skills set and would like to discuss the opportunity further then please feel free to call me on **** **** **** www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialControllerEngineeringFirm_job****