Title: TRAINEE COMMERCIAL INSURANCE ACCOUNT HANDLER
Webindex: 69122617
Company: Clark James Ltd
Description: Clark James Insurance are working closely with a rapidly growing insurance broker with offices in London and Kent. They are an independent broker offering a wide range of high quality, affordable insurance products to both personal and commercial clients alike across the whole of the UK. Their focus is the customer and the end result they strive for is a satisfied individual or business that has the insurance policy best matched to a clients needs and at a price that suits their budget. Due to the success of previous graduates we are currently looking to recruit a new graduate to join the busy team based in the Sidcup office as a trainee commercial account handler. The role offers an excellent opportunity for someone wanting to start and develop their career in the commercial insurance industry. Equally this position would suit someone with a small amount of Insurance knowledge looking to further their career within this buoyant market. Your training program will teach your our core values and customer focus, sales and negotiation, how to handle all aspects of the insurance business and how to deal directly with clients and insurance companies. As part of this program funding and training support will also be provided to CII level which will take place over a **** year period. The successful candidate will need:  Educated to degree level  Sales acumen  Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal  Computer literate, including MS office packages  Attention to detail and good understanding of time management controls  A positive cando approach and good team working skills This is a fantastic opportunity for a positive and driven individual looking to build a career within the commercial insurance industry with excellent prospects. Office hours are Monday to Friday 9am to 5.30pm Saturdays 9am to 12.30pm on rotation Your application will be dealt with in the strictest confidence.