Title: Business Analyst  Financial Services, MI/BI Reporting
Webindex: 68561569
Company: ReThink Recruitment
Description: Business Analyst  Financial Services, MI/BI Reporting I am urgently seeking a commercially focused IT Business Analyst for an expanding Financial Service provider based in North Yorkshire. We are seeking a dynamic individual with experience of managing multiple stakeholder communities, up to and including senior management level, across multiple functional departments. A key remit of the role will include liaising with external 3rd party suppliers and working on multiple simultaneous projects. Additional core duties will include: Business process definition, documentation and reengineering User and business requirements analysis, elicitation and capture Perform Requirements Management (tracking of requirements through the life cycle of a project) To own the Business Requirement Documents (BRD) and manage changes Required skills and experience: Extensive experience gained as a Business Analyst, ideally within a Financial Services environment. Experience of Agile development processes, methodologies and techniques. Excellent stakeholder management skills. Experience of endtoend Business Change projects. Process design and Reengineering experience. Experience gained working on Management Information (MI), Reporting, Business Intelligence (BI) projects would be a significant advantage. Experience of industry standards tools and processes would be a distinct advantage, such as Microsoft Visio, UML, MS Project, Technical degree or industry certification such as ISEB Certified Business Analyst or equivalangt would be useful. The role is being offered on a salary range between **** and **** plus an extensive benefits package depending on experience. This is an opportunity to carve out a career and develop new skills within a growing organisation full of expert professionals. If you feel this could be the right role for you please apply online. We are acting as an Employment Agency.