Title: Customer Specialist
Webindex: 68683857
Company: Fresh Recruits Ltd
Description: Our client based in Southampton is looking to recruit a Customer Specialist for its Marketing  Commercial Department / Function. Role Purpose: To define and deliver customer content strategy within the Commercial Marketing context, transitioning the Connect content programme from project into business as usual. To provide high quality customer content and that supports the company brand. Key Result Areas and Responsibilities: Customer content strategy: Develop and grow a robust customer web content strategy that supports the business and commercial priorities. Take the lead role in embedding of Connect content strategy within the Commercial Marketing function. Work with Head of Customer Experience, Commercial Management and Customer strategy to build and develop customer content plans for delivery across multiple channels, but predominantly digital and social. Lead or participate in customer insight and research initiatives to more effectively understand customer requirements and behaviours. Write and produce customer material that enhances customers' experience and that promotes the values of the brand. Steer and influence graphic design or creative agencies to deliver effective communication solutions for a customer audience. Create effective customer digital campaigns which generate measurable traffic to websites and associated digital spaces. Based on customer insight, define and agree success measures/KPIs for customer campaign activity. Review/interpret successes and make any necessary recommendations or conclusions. Act as business SME in roll out and embedding of the company brand across UK and international territories. Customer focus: Proactively anticipate customer needs to develop communications that support the customer principles and brand promise. Adhere to customer principles by producing customer material that has a wellbalanced message, using plain language that is suitable for the target market. Produce material for the customer that enhances their experience. Risk management: Ensure that audit and record keeping and standards are maintained throughout the lifetime of a job in line with agreed procedures. Validate quality of own work and that of others to reduce / eliminate errors that could cause reputational risk. Accountable for ensuring that all risks and issues are escalated in an appropriate fashion to relevant parties to avoid adverse effects. Relationships and team working: Works constructively within teams or project groups, often leading creative thought process and presenting ideas and concepts to initiate flow of ideas. Builds and develops relationships with external third parties. Convey design requirements, and communicate changes or rework to agency designers to achieve satisfactory output. Contributes ideas and lead team meetings. Qualifications/Experience Required: Educated to degree level desirable. Financial services experience an advantage. CIM or marketing equivalent qualification is desirable. Understanding of financial consumer trends and products. Excellent copywriting skills. Good knowledge of the FSA/SFC etc requirements for customer communications. Understanding of Market research methodology Due to the high number of applications we are receiving at present, we are unable to respond to every application individually. If you do not hear from us within 3 days please assume that your application has not been successful. We may contact you in the future about other suitable positions. EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES Fresh Recruits is committed to a policy of equal opportunities for all work seekers and shall adhere to such a policy at all times and will review on an ongoing basis on all aspects of recruitment to avoid unlawful or undesirable discrimination. We will treat everyone equally irrespective of sex, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity, age, disability, race, colour, ethnic or national origin, religion and beliefs, political beliefs or membership or nonmembership of a Trade Union and we place an obligation upon all staff to respect and act in accordance with the policy. Fresh Recruits will ensure that each candidate is assessed only in accordance with the candidate's merits, qualification and ability to perform the relevant duties required by the particular vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerSpecialist_job****