Title: Financial Controller  Real Estate  London
Webindex: 67101956
Company: Trident International Associates
Description: Financial Controller  Real Estate  Our Client is a specialist and entrepreneurial boutique property asset manager and investor who have successfully grown their business and assets in the last 2 months and accordingly seek to appoint an FC. The Role's core responsibilities will be to:  Prepare, maintain and reconcile prime accounting records and periodic reports  profit and loss account, balance sheet and general ledger/cash book.  Verify and reconcile rent collection and property expense reports from property managers.  Maintain and monitor bank accounts and funds flow to ensure the timely receipt of rental income, payment of invoices and compliance with banking covenants.  Maintain cashbooks and reconcile to bank on a monthly basis.  Liaise with deal partners’ finance team and handle any queries from them in relation to financial reporting.  Assist in the preparation of property and financial reports.  Assist with budget and cash flow forecasts on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis to deal partners and lending banks. The Person  To apply you will be a confident and able communicator, possess a critical eye for detail and be capable of growing the role and your career within the broader business. You will also be capable of performance managing an external team of service providers in the provision of detailed financial information and be capable and want to improve existing systems and efficiencies. You are likely to be qualified and must possess property sector PQE. Please visit our website (www.tridentint.com) to view all our vacancies. Follow us on Twitter at (www.twitter.com/Tridentint) or connect with us on LinkedIn at (www.linkedin.com/company/tridentinternationalassociates?trkhb_tab_compy_id_****) or like us on Facebook (www.facebook.com/pages/TridentInternationalAssociates/ [contact details removed] Please note that due to volume we cannot get back to everyone.