Title: Credit Risk Manager, Collections and Recoveries
Webindex: 72539565
Company: Harnham Search Selection
Description: Credit Risk Manager, Collections and Recoveries This opportunity as a Credit Risk Manager has come up in an organisation who are unique and exciting, and excellent potential to make a real difference and shape a team s development and performance. COMPANY INFO This is a large retail banking organisation who work across consumer lending, providing Mortgages, Loans and Current accounts. The have a culture of innovative analytics and require a senior manager who can develop this culture throughout his team. ROLE INFO You will use your considerable Credit Risk and Management background to lead a team and develop Collections and Recoveries strategies within the mortgage portfolio. You will have responsibility for shaping and implementing the strategies, and ensuring Collections and Recoveries processes are as effective as possible throughout the portfolio. Your team will conduct analysis in SAS, so you will use ESSENTIAL SKILLS AND EXPERIEINCE  Background ideally in Credit Risk. Telecoms or utilities considered  Management ability and experience leading teams.  A background conducting analysis using SAS.  Experience developing and implementing strategies in a consumer lending product background. THE BENEFITS **** plus car allowance and a healthy package including bonus and pension. HOW TO APPLY Contact Joe Parsons on **** **** **** or joeparsonsharnhamsearch.com and attach a copy of your CV KEY WORDS Credit risk, financial services, mortgages, acquisitions, SAS, statistical analysis, pricing, affordability, credit cards, loans, current accounts, portfolio analysis, retail banking, data analysis, mortgage portfolio. Harnham: Harnham are specialist recruiters within the field of analytics with experience in placing highly skilled individuals within global leaders in statistics, analytics, insight, marketing, credit risk and business intelligence. Harnham have strong relationships with an array of global companies encompassing all of these fields. Credit Risk Manager, Collections and Recoveries