Title: Portfolio Analyst / Client Reporting Investment Bank, London
Webindex: 69537371
Company: Work Place Group
Description: Portfolio Analyst / Client Reporting Investment Bank, London A Global Investment banking firm currently seeks a Portfolio Analyst / Client Reporting professional. Strong Excel skills including macro writing are a must and a background from PM Support, Fund Accounting, Client Services as long as reporting was part of core responsibilities will be considered. Specific Duties: Proactively support Portfolio Managers with regular reporting on accounts or group of accounts together with satisfying adhoc requests as required. Prepare accounting and performance reports for delivery to End Clients and respond to client queries as needed within a deadlineorientated environment. Prepare monthly templates containing portfolio characteristic information used by fund managers, sales and marketing. Participate in global project, taking a lead role where required. Role includes but not limited to: testing of new system architecture for new business set up, cash flows, client and PM reporting and trade blotter design and testing, trade flow testing for multiple instrument types, testing of new client accounting reports. Liaison with internal reconciliations department and external personnel to ensure timely resolution of reconciliation items relating to all cash and stock breaks. Coordinate with internal departments to meet client needs. Work independently to research and resolve problems considering multiple avenues for resolution. Communicate effectively on issues / problems to the Client and to internal management and ensure a proper and timely followup to ensure resolution. Produce communication KPI data on a monthly basis Candidates need to have strong client reporting experience ( not to be confused with client servicing), gained in an asset management house or alternatively with a strong knowledge of asset management industry, gained from previous roles ( PM Support, Fund Accountant, Client Services as long as reporting was part of core responsibilities) Although the role is on a temporary contract, desired candidates need to have more of a permanent employee mind set ( i.e. ownership, being proactive and can do attitude, as well as hard working no place for **** to **** mentality) Candidates must have a good academic background and preferably, but not essential having completed IMC and/or any relevant professional qualification. Candidates need to be used to process large volumes of data and being able to prepare reports (some complex, using multiple data points and sources) in a timely fashion, without compromising accuracy. Preference to, energetic and motivated candidates who will bring something new to the group. They will be judged on their analytical skills and attention to detail as well as capability to work under pressure whilst maintaining high levels of accuracy at all times Computer literacy, preferably excellent knowledge of Excel (95% of the role is performed in Excel) and good VBA or Macro writing skills. Word , Powerpoint and other MSO applications are also required. The environment is quite fast paced so needed is someone who is flexible enough to learn things quickly but can also step back and query and try to understand current processes The role requires long hours at certain periods, invariable month end (first two weeks of each month) and quarter ends (stretching to 3rd week), so that something that the candidates will need to have present. Good understanding of the Back to Middle Office structure of a Bank as well as the Asset Management Industry from an operational point of view. Good knowledge of different asset classes ( i.e Equity, Fixed Income, Derivatives, Alternative Investments) Portfolio Analyst / Client Reporting Investment Bank, London