Title: Senior Finance Business Partner Funding amp; Liquidity
Webindex: 67099663
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: Our Client, a leading bank, is currently seeking a high calibre commercially aware Qualified Accountant to join the Group Corporate Treasury team. This exciting role provides the opportunity to work with senior management across the business and make a real impact on the Funding & Liquidity strategy. As part your role you will be required to build strong relationships Group Finance, Wealth Banking and Wholesale. You will also play a key role in ensuring the businesses and desks have a strong understanding of their performance drivers and metrics Provide a finance consultancy service which improves understanding and enhances overall business performance Contribute to the development of financial strategy Support the financial planning, budgeting and forecasting process Manage adhoc projects Deliver effective financial, interpretation and guidance, enabling the businesses to assess the financial implications of there decisions Owning and developing the Group Funding plan The successful candidate will ideally be a qualified accountant. You will be highly motivated, enthusiastic and able to work to tight deadlines within a team environment. You will also have gained experience of working in a Treasury function of a leading bank Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website [contact details removed] We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.