Title: HEOR Engagement Manager  Healthcare  London
Webindex: 70533581
Company: Paramount Recruitment
Description: HEOR Engagement Manager  Healthcare  London Experienced HEOR professionals wanted to join a leading global Healthcare Consultancy as a HEOR Engagement Manager, this role will be based in London. This innovative and market leading consultancy specializes in information, services and technology for the Healthcare industry and is divided into three key divisions which are Data Analysis, Consulting and Healthcare Value Communications. They provide analytical, commercial and consulting services to pharmaceutical companies, the government, payers and financial organizations to ensure cost effective healthcare. As the HEOR Engagement Manager you will be a senior member of a rapidly expanding and successful value communications division of HEOR experts providing well researched information and real world evidence in a wide variety of therapeutic and disease areas. You will assume responsibility for the delivery of projects and the mentoring of more junior staff whilst ensuring client satisfaction. Key Responsibilities: ?Lead teams in consulting projects ?Manage client requirements and problems ?Develop cost effective solutions and proposals ?Collate project plans including deliverables, timelines and budgets ?Contribute to client reports and presentations ?Identify areas for improvement ?Develop client contacts and new business opportunities ?Regular communication with clients The role will require you to be educated to bachelor’s level within health economics or a related discipline and you will ideally be a Physician, extensive health economics and outcomes research work experience within pharmaceuticals, healthcare, health services research or academia is essential as is prior experience of observational studies and consulting methodologies. You must have experience of business development, project management, line management and developing proposals. Market access, clinical trials and statistics experience would be ideal. You should be an organized, pragmatic and influential team player who is also independent and who has excellent communication, presentation and consultative skills together with outstanding attention to detail. This multinational company is offering many benefits including focused training and a supportive, familiar and diverse working environment as well as travel opportunities, career development, competitive salaries, company healthcare, gym membership and a pension scheme for the successful candidate. Key Words – Consultancy, Biotechnology, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare, Consultancy, Consultant, Manager, Physician, Health Economics, Outcomes Research, HEOR, Value Communications, Observational Studies, Project Management, Business Development, Europe, UK, London For further information on the role or company please contact Amie Adams at Paramount Recruitment on [blocked]. Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities.