Title: Information Systems (IS) Auditor
Webindex: 71685483
Company: FNZ UK Ltd
Description: Summary of role purpose:  To provide Group senior management and the Audit Committee with assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness of systems and controls particularly over IT systems. The role is part of the overall financial control and risk management environment established by senior management and the Board.  Specifically responsible for identifying IS risk for and developing comprehensive IS audit plans.  Responsible for initiating and managing and undertaking audits the results of which will: help the business manage IT risks, improve or develop efficient and effective processes, identify and communicate best practices, and foster appropriate control levels for IT risks. Required skills and experience  A number of years of experience with a public audit firm or corporate industry experience with information systems audit, financial and accounting applications and financial and operational controls and internal audit.  Commercial mindset balancing risk, control requirements and efficiency of operation.  Thorough knowledge of information systems audit, systems and risk based internal auditing. Familiar with Internal Audit Standards, risk assessment practices COSO and COBIT.  A background in financial services internal audit including cooperation with external auditors.  Effective and highly professional and inspires confidence in colleagues and within the broader organization.  Excellent interpersonal skills, energetic, entrepreneurial, selfstarter capable of selfdirection. About FNZ FNZ is the market leading provider of technology and administration services to major financial institutions in the platform and wealth management sectors across the globe. We partner with life companies, banks, asset managers and discretionary wealth managers to enable them to develop and distribute financial products and services to their customers across all major distribution channels. FNZ has a strong bluechip customer base including Standard Life, Axa Wealth, JP Morgan, HSBC, AMP, National Australia Bank, Bank of New Zealand, Friends Life, UBS, Zurich Financial and Close Brothers Asset Management. It has helped these customers grow to over **** billion of platform assets in aggregate. FNZ now employs over **** people with offices in Edinburgh, London, Bristol, Brno (Czech Republic), Wellington and Sydney.