Title: UI developer MediaWest London****kPackage
Webindex: 71802810
Company: Rullion IT Plus
Description: A market leading, global media conglomerate is searching for an innovative and established User Interface Developer to join their rapidly expanding development team. As the User Interface Developer, you will be responsible for creating innovative ideas and front end solutions, developing effective code, whilst utilising existing and emerging technologies. You will play an integral part in driving the solution through from initial concept to delivery. You will be an experienced UI Developer, adept with HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Javascript and jQuery. In addition you will have substantial experience using photoshop and similar tools. You will have a clear understanding of W3C guidelines. You will thrive within an Agile/Scrum environment. You will expand upon your success with responsive, mobile and application based development. You will be an expert within UI development, looking to further develop your jQuery, Javascript, SASS and CSS3 skills within a dynamic and fast paced environment. This is an excellent opportunity for a career motivated UI Developer who is looking to continue developing their skills within a vibrant and stimulating environment. You will gain exposure with a digital media agency approach, supported by a global organisation. You will be considered for this pivotal position due to your: Extensive UI development experience Strong HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, jQuery and SASS knowledge Worked within an Agile/Scrum environment Proven delivery of high calibre projects In order to be considered, you must be able to prove you extensive knowledge of UI development technologies and design principles (HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Javascript, jQuery and Photoshop). In addition, you must be Agile/Scrum minded. In return, you will be offered a permanent position in West London, with a salary between **** (depending on experience) plus an unrivalled package. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.