Title: AML Officer
Webindex: 68675162
Company: Robert Half   London City
Description: The Company Robert Half Financial Services is currently recruiting for an AML Officer for an expanding corporate bank, based in the City of London. The AML Officer will support the control of AML/KYC documentation in line with Internal Compliance Procedures/FSA regulations and to initiate and maintain related reference data across London and European Branch systems. The Role Accountabilities and Responsibilities of the AML Officer: Analyse and verify AML/KYC Client documentation for Data Admin Team Verifying counterparty registration applications and follow up reviews with adherence to all internal Compliance procedures Review information currently held on due diligence files against the current Due Diligence policy and regulatory requirements and identify any shortfalls; To assist in centrally maintaining reference data for London Branch and European Offices systems and reconcile daily for data integrity. To assist in maintaining reference data for EMEA offices. Perform client identification and verification on Financial Intermediaries Liaison with Internal Clients Advising Business Units of diligence requirements Compliance Responsibilities: Ensure adherence to the guidelines set by the Compliance Department. Key performance indicators of the AML Officer: All new counterparts money laundering checks are completed before registration.Successful maintenance of all Reference Data, ensuring that all internal systems have a complete and accurate set of data at all times.Demonstrable compliance with the QMS.Daily reconciliations Daily/Monthly reporting. Knowledge Skills of the AML Officer: Demonstrable knowledge of AntiMoney Laundering Account Opening and customer due diligence procedures Essential Proficient practical knowledge of UK antimoney laundering requirements (including the Money Laundering Regulations, the Proceeds of Crime Act, the Terrorism Act)  Essential Demonstrable knowledge of Reference Data maintenance procedures for Customer (contact, regulatory credit line information), SSI, Credit Limits International Calendars  Essential System use skills  across Microsoft Office products  Essential Experience within an investment banking environment, has a good understanding across Products  Desirable Experience in working with front office business areas and Compliance  Desirable Salary Benefits The AML Officer role has a salary between **** and **** and is based in the City of London. Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AMLOfficer_job****