Title: Temp Management Accountant / Analyst with SAP
Webindex: 69930943
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: Bright, confident Management Accountant is required to join a lively, international business on a temporary basis. This role would suit a strong part qualified or qualified Management Accountant who has a strong, recent working knowledge of SAP. About You Immediately available and living near Farnborough, Hampshire, you will be looking to start a new Management Accounting role at the end of January 201****. You will be a strong Management Accountant with experience of working for a busy finance team using SAP. You will also have a high level of Excel. About The Role This Management Accountant role will join the busy finance team of an international business. It will assist the company for three months from the end of January. It will involve:  Producing management accounts  Accruals and prepayments  Associated analysis  Assisting with budgeting and forecasting work  Any ad hoc duties as needed The job will suit a confident communicator used to dealing with various stakeholders. It requires someone deadline focused with a high degree of commercial acumen and strong IT skills. This role would suit an experienced Part Qualified or newly qualified (ACCA or CIMA) Management Accountant looking for a busy Management Accounting role. The job will start at the end of January and is expected to run for 3 months. About Our Client Our client is an established international business. Things you should know 3 month temporary role Candidates must have experience of SAP Salary depending on experience and qualification Commutable from Aldershot, Ascot, Bagshot, Bracknell, Camberley, Farnborough, Farnham, Fleet, Frimley, Lightwater, Woking, Yateley Howett Thorpe recruit for roles within accounts payable, credit control, payroll also covering accounts assistants, audit, management accounts, financial accounts, analysts, financial controllers, financial directors, corporate finance, tax including all part qualified and qualified vacancies. Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)