Title: Commercial Fleet Underwriter  Maidstone
Webindex: 68098051
Company: AXA
Description: Commercial Fleet Underwriter  Maidstone Background AXA Commercial Lines is a unique business in the insurance sector. It is comprised of four separate divisions: Intermediary, Direct, Claims Underwriting and Bluefin Insurance Services. These all offer commercial insurance solutions or expert advice to customers. Our Intermediary business unit trades with our **** broker partners through our branch network. Our Branch network is accountable for managing all day to day trading, underwriting and service activity, including new business and renewal trading and processing, handling customer enquiries, high quality underwriting for profit and providing a consistent top quality service to all of our customer distribution channels. Right now, our Maidstone Branch is experiencing an exciting period of growth and development and has an opportunity for an experienced and highly motivated Commercial Fleet Underwriter to join a fully empowered and technically expert new business team. You will be using your Fleet expertise to work with an allocated panel of brokers to deliver a market leading service. Ideally ACII qualified or actively studying, you will be proactive and outgoing, confident in dealing with our brokers, and able to maximise retention through the delivery of exceptional customer service. The role The purpose of this job is to underwrite fleet and other commercial motor risks from a designated panel of intermediaries within agreed authority levels. This will achieve profitable growth in line with Company and branch objectives. Key tasks are to; Underwrite new and existing business profitably. Supply underwriting support to Account Managers. Maintain and develop business relationships with our key Brokers in order to actively encourage high level retention and generation of profitable new business. Produce timely and accurate documentation. Skills, knowledge and behaviour Progress towards ACII preferable. Broad experience of commercial motor underwriting, including Fleet. Interpersonal/communication/sales skills. Technical knowledge. PC/systems/keyboard skills. Team focused. Effective time management skills. Additional job board published information Annual bonus Scheme  typically 6% of annual basic salary. Joint contribution (‘money purchase’) pension scheme. 23 days annual holiday, increasing to **** after two years service, to 28 days by 5th year of service (plus Bank Holidays). Flexible benefits scheme. Interest free season ticket loan scheme. **** hour working week. Structured personal development. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialFleetUnderwriterMaidstone_job****