Title: MidStream/Downstream Project Analyst
Webindex: 70436469
Company: Reed Expro
Description: Client: Our client is an independent consultancy of approximately **** staff providing evaluations of capital projects to the Oil and Gas Industry. A Facilities/Midstream Project Analyst is required to join the existing UK based team owing to continuing success and expansion. Based in Reading the successful candidate will join the team responsible for servicing operating oil company clients across the Europe, Middle East, Africa and Russia / FSU regions. Job description: Reporting to the Regional Business Manager Project Analysts improve the competitiveness of the companys clients through more effective use of capital in their businesses through data collection, statistical models and research analysis. Major responsibilities include collecting and analyzing data, writing reports, giving client presentations, and working with clients to develop Best Practices to improve clients business competitiveness. Analysts must always prepare and research upcoming projects. The company has a flat management structure and employees are expected to be involved with all aspects of their services from business development through data gathering to remote analysis. As such the role will be responsible for frequent client visits of anything **** day to **** week, travel will account for up to a third of the incumbent's time. Assignment length is typically in the region of three to six weeks and so applicants can expect a fast turnover of multiple and diverse projects. Typical projects involve data collection, statistical models, research analysis, best practice, risk analysis and capital expenditure analysis of facilities and operations projects in the upstream/midstream oil & gas market. Person Specification: The ideal candidate will have a bachelors degree or equivalent with a Masters degree (or higher) preferred in structural, mechanical, chemical engineering, economics, or allied fields. Analyst should have relevant experience in process industries with strong quantitative analytical skills and a proven track record in analyzing project feasibility in the upstream oil and gas market. Bilingual proficiency a plus, particularly Russian, plus an understanding of oil &gas facilities including platforms and gas processing facilities. Willingness to travel within EMEA and Russia, flexibility in taking on a variety of assignments and the mindset to adapt to working across multiple disciplines. It is essential that you have the right to live and work in the EU.