Title: Commercial Account Handler  Staffordshire
Webindex: 68671670
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Commercial Account Handler Staffordshire Up to **** An exciting opportunity has been announced for a Commercial Account Handler to join a successful team in Staffordshire. The Role This is a key role within the business working as part of a team with the Account Executives to develop and build a profitable portfolio of clients broking commercial insurance. Working to agreed targets you will deliver high standards of customer service to key clients and manage key accounts. You will provide concise correspondence, answer queries and maintain up to date accurate records. The role involves dealing with renewals, MTA, issuing invoices and maintaining up to date knowledge of the industry. The Company Prominent in both the Commercial and Personal Lines Insurance industry, this company offer insurance solutions to their customers and maintains excellent customer service levels throughout the business. They are looking to attract talented staff to help develop and grow key accounts in the region. The Benefits You will receive a basic salary up to **** depending on experience as well as an excellent range of benefits. The Person For your application to be considered, you must have experience within a Commercial Insurance Account Handling role and have good knowledge of the current market. Successful candidates will have excellent communications skills, the ability to make their own decisions and present complex information. Strong numerical skills are required along with self motivation, ambition and drive. Insurance qualification would be advantageous. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialAccountHandlerStaffordshire_job****