Title: AVP Legal Entity Control
Webindex: 72417429
Company: Hays Financial Markets
Description: Legal Entity Control A leading investment bank are currently looking for candidates with 34 years post qualified experience or equivalent to cover all aspects of financial accounting and reporting. Working with a number of entities including those that are established but also new business, this role is broad ranging and varied. With experience to a range of IB products this role may well appeal to an ACA that has worked in a more specific role following their qualification from the Top 4. Although an element of BAU reporting is expected in this role, there will be a broad range of technical and commercial projects involving the following areas: regulatory reporting, new product initiatives and infrastructure projects. Progression is clear and obvious within the team and wider business offering a longerterm career associated to the business as a whole. The job will include: Production of statutory accounts under UK, and other relevant local GAAP, ensuring compliance with regulatory standards, ensuring compliance with local and group accounting standards, liaison with local accountants and tax advisors, coordination of audits, acting as a prime point of contact for queries relating to legal entity. An accountancy qualification is necessary as is Financial Services experience and ideally Audit exposure from an accountancy firm. What we are looking for:  Strong qualified accountant with at least 4 years PQE (ideally big 'four')  Experience working in a monthly reporting cycle, with Financial Services background (Financial Control/Product Control)  Diverse product knowledge, with an ability to develop an understanding of new products.  Excellent communication skills and ability to develop working relationships, across businesses and other support groups.  Good analytical skills and attention to detail, including a strong control focus.  Ability to partner and influence, as well as discuss results with product controllers and senior management.  Ability to work under considerable time pressure, whilst maintaining a high level of accuracy and quality.  Team player with a proven ability to manage daily processes/issues  Team orientated and motivated selfstarter with a positive 'can do' attitude. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk