Title: Personal Intermediary Account Manager  London Region
Webindex: 69600334
Company: AXA
Description: Personal Intermediary Account Manager Background AXA Commercial Lines Personal Intermediary is a unique business in the insurance sector and has been created with the needs of our brokers and customers in mind. By combining the two intermediary functions of AXA Insurance together, we have created an offering which provides brokers with a single integrated proposition and confidence to increase trading with us. Right now Personal Intermediary are in an exciting period of growth and development and this role offers you the opportunity to utilise and build on your existing skills with a market leading business that will support your ambition to enhance your career further. With ambitous plans for a segment of the intermediary base, we need an experienced and highly motivated Account Manager to help us achieve our goals by developing profitable relationships with a panel of leading brokers within the London Region (within the M25). Already a highly skilled relationship manager, you will be using your expert knowledge of the personal lines intermediary market and products to engage with your brokers and identify opportunities for growth. Living in a location which makes the area covered accessible to you, you will work location independently, with frequent visits to broker offices within your Region and also to our AXA London Commercial Branch. The role To deliver profitable growth for panel of Brokers Maximise opportunities within Region through existing AXA relationships and within the existing Commercial Branches Effectively influence and manage the matrix of internal stakeholders – including Underwriting, Claims, Operations, Marketing, Finance – to deliver a market leading proposition to Brokers. Identify and develop new relationships within the territory that deliver profitable Personal Intermediary GWP. Manage panel effectively and develop strong ‘best in class’ Relationship Management with Brokers to deliver Profitable GWP and KPIs. Developing an indepth understanding of the territory and the local dynamics within it. Understand in its entirety the nature of a broker’s business, market place, ambition and develop Business Plans to maximise the returns on engagement. Implement a programme of continual improvement involving planning and implementation of tactical initiatives with brokers to further enhance our relationships and deliver agreed KPIs Support the Personal Intermediary Team in the strategic planning to both brokers partners and AXA stakeholders. Skills, knowledge and behaviour Education ACII qualification desirable Skills and Knowledge Thorough understanding of the Personal Lines market and products. Good negotiation, influencing and presentation skills Self motivated Excellent interpersonal skills – able to promote the business Ability to build strong relationships Analytical skills Experience Experience of working with Personal Lines Intermediaries at a senior level for mutual business benefit Proven relationship management skills at a senior and supporting level in major organisations Financial planning and monitoring of deals Experience in formulating short, medium and longterm business plans Understanding of market changes Display an understanding of FSA implications for general insurance This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PersonalIntermediaryAccountManagerLondonRegion_job****