Title: B**** Change IT Auditor
Webindex: 71188736
Company: Finance Professionals Ltd.
Description: My client is an international bank operating in corporate, wealth management and investment as well as retail and business banking. The Role As a Vice President within Internal Audit, you will be responsible for planning, executing and managing audit assignments. Whilst audit experience is highly beneficial, our client would consider a candidate with a proven track record in IT project management (see below) from a financial services background. Key Accountabilities Audit Delivery Stakeholder Management Scope audit assignments including preparation of the scoping document. Manage audit work to ensure that relevant IT risks and controls have been identified and appropriately assessed. Review and direct control evaluation (and perform evaluation when appropriate). Provide guidance to Managers during audit assignments. Review and complete documentation of scoping, process understanding, risk control identification, control evaluation and observations in BIA audit toolkit. Lead discussions with stakeholders and business leaders regarding audit observations, consulting with the Director where necessary. Write high quality observations and audit reports (with input from the audit team). Support management in identifying resolutions for control issues identified. Manage audit teams on a day to day basis, working to ensure that audits progress as planned, as regards scope, budget and timetable. Build relationships with stakeholders and business management on each audit and develop ongoing relationships with key stakeholders in aligned business area. Continue to update awareness of risk issues and changes across relevant business units and use this knowledge to amend audit approach where necessary. Provide complete, accurate and timely information to stakeholders for all reporting. Proactively take on additional tasks as requested by the Director/Managing Director. Management Leadership/Knowledge Management Provide constructive feedback and evaluation to team members for audit assignments and support Directors in their assessment of Managers. Act as mentor and coach to less experienced team members and support others in developing themselves. Improve technical knowledge through selflearning or training including mandatory CPE requirements. Knowledge sharing with colleagues and peers in the business and across sifferent teams Essential Experience: IT Project Management Experience  Financial services experience to complement the IT experience is highly beneficial Experience of managing audits/driving initiatives in a relevant field Proven track record of high performance in previous roles to include senior stakeholder management In depth understanding of IT technology and the potential security risks around IT and IT systems This refers to setting up project management offices and running IT projects supporting strategy, likely to be outside of audit Preferred Qualifications Previous exposure to infrastructure technology would be beneficial Experience of leading teams of non direct reports Practical understanding of relevant regulatory environment Experience of working in a global team and managing remote resources Relevant professional qualifications (e.g ACCA, CISA, CISSP) Finance Professionals is part of Hydrogen Group. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/B****ChangeITAuditor_job****