Title: Assistant Accountant Job  Bristol
Webindex: 69563949
Description: An immediate opportunity has arisen for an experienced Part Qualified Assistant Accountant to join our client, an expert in their field, for a temporary contract lasting **** months. Key responsibilities of the role will include: Active involvement with the month end financial close activities which include journal entry processing and balance sheet account reconciliations  Intercompany invoicing  Recurring analysis of inventory accounts & associated variances  Capital expenditure analysis and processing  Statutory audit and ad hoc business reviews support  Sarbanes Oxley testing and documentation  Financial controls support which may include Segregation of Duties Reviews, Cycle Count Audits, etc.  Ad Hoc requests The ideal candidate will possess the following attributes/skills:  ideally a Graduate with 12 years experience within an Accounting role. Having an Accounting degree discipline would be advantageous however not essential. The candidate will be expected to hit the ground running, however full training will be given in preparation of this role. Being a CIMA studier could be advantageous however isn't essential at this stage. The ideal candidate will be available on short notice. This is an excellent opportunity for a part qualified Assistant Accountant to join a successful business for an 8 month temporary assignment. If you are interested in the role of Assistant Accountant please do not hesitate to apply today or contact Matt Dagworthy on **** **** or matt.dagworthyrandstadfp.com. Please note that while we endeavour to respond to all applications this is not always possible due to the high number of responses we receive to our adverts. All candidates who are to be shortlisted will be contacted within 5 days. If you have not been contacted within this time your application has not been successful on this occasion. Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****