Title: Commercial Bid Modeller
Webindex: 71293486
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: An exceptional opportunity for a qualified Accountant to utilise their commercial acumen in the Local Government division of this FTSE 100. Intially a 6 month contract with a view to permanency, this is a varied role with excellent scope for career growth. This area provides local authorities with specialist support covering: revenues and benefits administration, customer services, financial services, training, IT and administration support. The main duties include the creation and maintenance of financial models supporting the growth of our business and supporting the existing finance team in maximising the return on our existing operations. The successful candidate will undertake and assist with a wide variety duties including:  To control, maintain and develop the template cost models used in all bids.  To provide support to bid teams on costing process and support work stream leads in populating the models.  Creation of cost model for each new bid in conjunction with the bid manager/director.  Support the cost modelling interface between the Bid team and the work stream leads.  Support the review of bid cost outputs and check against benchmark values derived from other opportunities / bids.  Constructively challenge operational costs provided.  Critically review the tender specifications to understand risk (and propose mitigations)  Maintain a commercial approach to bid process to support drive for price advantage over competitors and risk mitigation.  Understand contractual KPI s & SLA and ensure appropriate mitigation is proposed for sign off. As Commercial Bid Modeller you should be qualified (ACCA / CIMA) with good analysis skills, modelling skills (advanced Excel) and the ability to liaise effectively at all levels. Pricing experience would be advantageous. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us