Title: Publishing Assistant (Financial Typesetter)
Webindex: 68096359
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: An exciting opportunity for a Publishing Assistant / Typesetter to join the financial services division of this FTSE 100, based in Exeter. The responsibilities of a Financial Typesetter include:  Use electronic industry standard publishing software to layout and typeset information provided in various formats (word, email, excel, PDFs etc) and typeset accurately into pre agreed templates provided.  Adhere to departmental work schedules to ensure client deadlines achieved.  Read page proofs prior to sending to inhouse Proof Reader (quality controller).  Ensure all work is saved with required version controls for accurate identification of updates throughout lifecycle of the document  Record time spent on each activity for later billing to clients.  Record all individual daily activities within the standard departmental time sheets.  To understand in detail the specifics/procedures for all areas of typesetting i.e. closed and openended.  To be able to interpret and produce graphical data within the industry standard software for inclusion in all relevant literature.  To understand both internal and external print requirements for both closed and openended work.  To fully understand and be able to accurately sign of hard copy proofs.  To protect the integrity of all templates and inhouse documents at all times. The Financial Typesetter should have excellent communication, have experience in a corporate environment knowledge of Adobe, Photoshop, Acrobat with good Excel skills. Any typesetting experience / knowledge of print production would be advantageous. Minimum Grade C Maths English GCSE. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PublishingAssistantFinancialTypesetter_job****