Title: VP AUDITOR
Webindex: 70622378
Company: Finance Professionals
Description: Our client is one of the world's preeminent asset management firms and a premier provider of global investment management, risk management and advisory services to institutional, intermediary and individual investors around the world. Client solutions cover rigorous fundamental and quantitative active management approaches which aim to maximize outperformance to highly efficient indexing strategies designed to gain broad exposure to the world's capital markets. Their clients can access investment solutions through a variety of product structures, including individual and institutional separate accounts, mutual funds and other pooled investment vehicles. They are the industryleader in ETFs and have **** clients as a third party provider, worth around **** Trillion. The role: VP level audit position within the EMEA audit function based in London reporting directly to the deputy head of audit Responsibilities: The role will be involved in all aspects of the audit of the clients' activities. Coverage will encompass the investment management process and extend to core support groups such as Risk Management, Operations, Finance and Compliance. Full involvement in business engagement, new projects and risk assessment and have direct involvement with senior management and the audit committee. Travel requirements are between two and four weeks away per year, but there is flexibility in how this is shared in the department. The department is responsible for Europe, the Middle East and Africa. However, most travel is within Western Europe. Product focus around: Alternative funds Hedge Funds Legal QA Investment Risk Index Products (Passive) Equities, fixed income, asset allocation, real estate, segregated clients Progression and Training: Our client offers, amongst others, training in the following area: CFA Securities Institute Diploma Paid study leave Other desired qualifications There are numerous progression options in the company both within the team and into the organisation as a whole. Internal moves occur both internationally and to functions such as risk, compliance, operational risk and risk management. Finance Professionals is part of Hydrogen Group.