Title: Credit Controller, to ****K
Webindex: 69193819
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Credit Controller, to ****K Our client is one of the UK top 20 independent accountancy firms with offices in London and the South East and is a leading adviser to ownermanaged businesses across the region. Position: Credit Controller Location: Based in Woking with weekly travel to Heathrow (Egham) and Solent (Whiteley) Offices Salary: up to ****K per annum Duration: **** Year Fixed Term contract ROLE: An opportunity has arisen for an experienced Credit Controller to join the Firm on a fixed term contract, covering a period of maternity leave up to **** year. Based at the Woking office, the successful applicant will manage a portfolio of clients at the Firm?s Solent and Heathrow offices, with weekly travel to these offices being a requirement of the role. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Report to the Credit Control Supervisor. b) To attend each office two days a week to meet with the relevant Partner to review their client base and thereafter chase for payment. One day per week you will attend the office in Woking. c) Making outbound calls / emails etc. chasing all debts, which are overdue for payment. d) Issuing letters before actions in accordance with the credit control policy. e) Logging and resolving queries with each respective Partner / Manager. f) Taking payment by credit / debit card. g) Providing additional cover to other members of the credit control team as necessary. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Proven experience working as a Credit Controller is required, ideally as a Credit Controller from a professional service background, though this is not essential. b) Excellent verbal communication skills are needed as the candidate will be dealing with both personal and business debtors. c) MS Office and outlook skills with an excellent working knowledge of excel. d) Able to work on own initiative. e) The ability to build strong professional relationships. f) Must be willing to commute on a weekly basis to Solent and Egham and would ideally be a car owner with full clean UK Driving Licence. g) Eligibility to work in the UK. You may have experience of the following: Credit Controller, Debt Collector, Collections Advisor, Arrears Controller, Finance Analyst, Collections Officer, Credit Control, Debt Recovery, Sales Ledger, Arrears Controller, Debt Collection, Purchase Ledger, Arrears Account Manager, Finance Assistant, Debt Collector etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK?s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.