Title: Account Executives (Existing Book) – Gloucestershire or South West
Webindex: 71848768
Company: Cavendish Maine
Description: Job Title: Account Executive (Existing Book) – Gloucestershire or South West Location: Gloucester or South West Job Sector: General Insurance Job Type: Permanent Salary: Up to **** p.a (DOE) Job Reference: SM/ **** Job Description: As a result of continued success this highly regarded Insurance Broker are currently looking to recruit Commercial Account Executives to add to their already impressive client servicing team. About the Role: Responsible for retaining an existing book of business and winning new business within a specific market sectror . This can be either home based or can make use of one of their local offices, and will come with an existing book of Business which is to be retained and grown. You will be targeting clients within a specific niche area and will be responsible for client generation anywhere within the South West regional. This area includes Bristol, Dorset, Somerset, Devon and Cornwall The role will have the full backing of a market leading Account Handling and broking support team, resulting in exception retention rates. About the Company: They are a highly successful and progressive national broker. A company who truly believe in providing an unrivalled level of service to all their clients. When you become part of their team, your commitment will be rewarded with a market leading salary and bonus scheme, plus a highly competitive benefits package, and outstanding opportunities for career advancement. Key Skills/Experience Required: You will be a highly experienced Account Executive, with a proven track record of building, and retaining a book of business. Excellent client liaison and relationship building skills. Professional Qualifications Required: Progression towards ACII would be beneficial, but not essential. Further study would be supported if needed. Salary/Benefits Information: The salary is dependent on experience, but will be market leading, and flexible to attract the very best candidates in the market. Basic salary up to ****  Car / Allowance  Superb Bonus and Benefits. The bonus scheme is superb, and is complimented by a comprehensive benefits package to include Pension, Group Life, PHI, Free Car Parking and generous holiday allowance. Contact Stephen Mallaband Footnote If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail, within **** hours of receiving your application. Due to the overwhelming Application response we receive through various sources should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountExecutivesExistingBookGloucestershireorSouthWest_job****