Title: Deveolopment Executive
Webindex: 68241659
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Development Executive Manchester Circa **** A leading national Broker is seeking an experience Development Executive specialising in Property Owners to join their successful team in the North UK. They offer excellent company benefits and career development for ambitious talented staff. The Company With a strong reputation for excellent customer service this leading national Broker are looking to strengthen their already successful team with a talented Development Executive focusing on Property Owners. They have achieved success through their attention to detail and ability to grow strong relationships. They offer effective Insurance and Risk Management solutions and provide staff with excellent support, remuneration packages and career development. The Role The new business Development Executive will be responsible for generating new leads and sales across their region in the Property Owners market. They will be targeted to manage and grow a book of commercial business and establish networks. An important aspect of this role is to build and enhance strong key relationships and gain a full understanding of client s requirements to provide effective solutions. This is a client facing role and emphasis is placed on good technical knowledge. The Benefits You will receive a basic salary up to **** depending on experience plus bonus, car and company benefits. The Person For your application to be considered you will need experience as a new business Account or Development Executive in the commercial insurance industry with a proven track record of generating sales. Experience of generating new sales in Property Owners is paramount along with excellent technical knowledge. Strong communication and negotiation skills will be required along with good attention to detail. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.