Title: Accounts Payable Reconciliation Clerk
Webindex: 68995233
Company: eSift Ltd
Description: Accounts Payable Reconciliation Clerk Are you an experienced Accounts Payable and Reconciliations Clerk? Are you a numerical and customer focused individual with competent skills in Microsoft Word and Excel? This is your opportunity to join the Finance Department within our clients well established Healthcare organisation based in Chessington, Surrey. The salary for this position is circa **** to **** per annum with excellent benefits. Within this role you will report to the Purchase Ledger Manager and initially assist with the smooth implementation of the Basware invoice matching project so to have experience in this will be a distinct advantage. You will also be required to reconcile supplier statements to the Accounts Payable Ledger on a monthly basis. Resolving and reconciling outstanding issues with suppliers is a key function of this role. Resolution of supplier queries is required in a timely manner so you will need to have a strong customer focus. Once the Basware system is implemented in the longer term you will work within established processes and procedures. To be successful in this position you will have; Demonstrable Accounts payable ledger experience in a pressured environment with strict quarterly deadlines. Experience of working on a Supplier Invoice Matching system such as Basware is preferred but not essential. Any previous experience of using Coda as a system will also be an advantage. Excellent organizational skills with a detailed, accurate and analytical approach to your work Experience in processing a high volume of emails An existing knowledge and practical use of Microsoft Excel (including knowledge of V look ups) The ability to work as part of a team and work on your own initiative. Our client is a leading distributor and wholesaler of pharmaceutical, medical and healthcare products serving over **** pharmacies, hospitals and dispensing doctors throughout the UK on a twice daily basis. Don t miss out on this perfect opportunity for you to become part of this well established company who in return for your experience can offer you the chance to become an integral part of the department bringing it further successes and your own career development Our client has appointed eSift as their resource partner we are managing this role on their behalf. To apply for this position please click on the apply now button below. Your details as submitted by you will only be forwarded in relation to this vacancy, by submitting your CV to us you are giving us express consent to provide our client with your full details if we believe your skills and experience meets with our client s criteria and/or need