Title: Sales Ledger/Cashier (Guildford)
Webindex: 68702764
Company: Charalle
Description: International Accountancy Firm based in Guildford seek a Sales Ledger/Cashier to complete the following duties, Cash Banking Posting of Cash Receipts from other Offices, including daily Bacs payments Filing and archiving of cash received records Daily banking of all cheques received. Processing of Credit Card Payments for Clients via PDQ. Process P****D payments. Advising Credit Controllers of all cheques received in Guildford Office, and preparation of the cheques for the banking. Assisting with allocation of cash received into bank statements, via bacs or standing order. Assisting with the posting of cheques received. Issue Receipts to clients when requested. Sales Ledger Deal with sales ledger and credit control enquiries including reversing and reapplying of cash transactions. Maintain records of cash received bounced cheques Assist with the maintenance of the Credit Controllers target sheets. Production of weekly aged Debt report, allocating credit notes if applicable, and further distributing to Partners. Others Data entry of internal costs (soft disbursements) to be included in the management accounts. Weekly review of system error reports for disbursements and entering data corrections as required. Maintaining a schedule of all the Partner company mileage, and recharging any mileage as required. Producing a weekly schedule of balances in all the bank Accounts, and send to the Operations Director. Produce a monthly upload journal from the Spreadsheet for the fuel for company cars, which is derived from the Arval invoice. Journal to be split Manager and Partner and uploaded into PMS. Assisting with the Investment in Client Schedule in periods of holiday To be the main team member to cover Associated Offices during holiday periods. Cover the various aspects of the bad debt administration as required. To assist with client maintenance Master File data NC****’s and NC****’s as required. Qualifications/Experience:  Good standard of numerical skills.  Accuracy with both numbers and wording.  Ability to Liaise and communicate with Managers and Partners.  Ability to work in a flexible manner ensuring all tasks are fulfilled . Having a Can do Attitude. Where required to investigate areas and problem solving skills Ability to work on own initiative or part of a team. Ability to pay attention to detail, ensuring correct narratives, dates descriptions etc are entered into the system. Able to prioritise workload and meet strict deadlines Numeracy and Accuracy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesLedgerCashierGuildford_job****