Title: Barclays Business Support  Restructuring  Vice President  Leeds / Manchester
Webindex: 71293934
Company: Barclays Corporate
Description: About Barclays Barclays moves, lends, invests and protects money for customers and clients worldwide. With over 300 years of history and expertise in banking, we operate in over 50 countries and employ over **** people. We provide large corporate, government and institutional clients with a full spectrum of solutions to their strategic advisory, financing and risk management needs. Our clients also benefit from access to the breadth of expertise across Barclays. We re one of the largest financial services providers in the world, and are also engaged in retail banking, credit cards, corporate banking, and wealth and investment management. For further information about Barclays, please visit our website www.barclays.com Overview Barclays Business Support have an opportunity for a further Business Support Manager within their Northern team, principally covering the Leeds and Manchester areas. The successful candidate will be responsible for facilitating the turnaround and on some occasions ultimate repayment, of Barclays Corporate Customers who are encountering financial stress and trading difficulties. Barclays remains completely committed to long term customer relationships and the retention of valued customers and the preservation of regional jobs remains paramount to their Business Support function Main function of the job The jobholder is responsible for the delivery of turnaround and managed exit strategies to a demanding portfolio of UK Barcorp customers (principally Medium Business customers but also some Large Business customer on occasions) experiencing financial stress, defined as Early Warning List. Responsible for determining the objectives, strategies and actions that need to be adopted to reduce the bank s risk, often acting as the catalyst for change in our customers business strategy. Will manage the credit risk relationship (i.e. structuring, sanctioning, monitoring and control) and implement strategies through direct contact with the customer. For turnaround customers will agree with Relationship Managers/Relationship Directors and Medium Business/Specialist Credit Teams the profile of success to ensure a smooth return of those relationships once achieved. Location independent role leading creditbased relationships for up to **** customers, depending upon geography and complexity, that will generally have exposure up to 5m (including operating some strategies via BBS Consultancy Model for clients with exposure lt;****m). Will operate principally through face to face customer meetings although more routine matters will be conducted through telephone meetings or via correspondence. Clients are likely to be based predominantly around Leeds or Manchester area although there will be a requirement to work with clients across the Northern Coverage area. Act as a point of contact to Barcorp Credit Teams for issues relating to Business Support Will receive product/technical, research, analysis, clerical and other case support. Main duties and responsibilities Sales and Service  2025% Manage relationships with customers in a manner that, through professional communication of often uncomfortable messages, increases customer satisfaction and enhances the Barclays Brand. Identify sales opportunities, and progress these in partnership with Relationship Managers/Relationship Directors and group companies. Work with customers to resolve any complaints they raise on the Business Support service. Deliver income targets and adherence to Managing for Value principles. Upon successful turnaround ensure smooth return of customer credit relationship to Relationship/Credit Teams. If appropriate conduct this through a face to face meeting otherwise contact customer by telephone. Credit Risk Management  5060% Lead discussions with Relationship Managers/Relationship Directors to identify bank risk, business risk and critical issues for specific customers. For turnaround customers will agree critical success factors with Relationship Directors and Barcorp Credit Teams. Lead detailed negotiations, sometimes by telephone, with customers regarding the agreement to, and implementation of, strategy, that may conflict with customers aims e.g. terms and conditions of continuing bank support. Lead proactive formulation and implementation of strategies to improve Business and Bank Risk. Deliver high standards of credit quality for highrisk cases through the application of best practice to credit proposals. Ensure high standards of credit discipline are applied to monitoring and control activities especially unauthorised borrowing. Obtain customers commitment to implement appropriate strategies and actions to improve Business and Bank Risk Monitor customers progress through analysis/appraisal of plans and budgets amp; cash flow. Identify where strategies have broken down and repair or ensure timely referral of cases to Recoveries. Sole lending discretion of up to 5m, including authority to lend up to 0.250m of new funds. Apply Provisioning Policy, where appropriate, to ensure provisions are raised or released in a timely and appropriate fashion. Ensure accurate and timely forecasting of provisions. Liaise with group companies to ensure coherent management of customers, where there are mutual relationships. Where appropriate, obtain customer s agreement to the use of professionals including accountants, turnaround professionals, solicitors and property professionals, preparing instructions and reviewing results. Business Management  2025% Develop a strong network of internal contacts, external and panel professionals to maximise benefits and promote the team. Where appropriate, manage and monitor the use of professionals including accountants, turnaround professionals, solicitors and property professionals. Responsibility for personal adherence to governance, compliance and lending portfolio controls, including proactive management of agreed responsibilities for Data Integrity. Management of risk to maintain an appropriate level of provision and classification of EWL cases. Ensure data integrity is maintained. Implementation and on going delivery of credit policy and processes. Coach, support and encourage other members of the team such as assisting their technical development. Be responsible for the sharing of knowledge including technical solutions, tips, ideas and good practices within own and across other teams Proactively adopt agreed change initiatives, e.g. in support of process and quality improvements Person requirements: Very strong Business and Risk identification/analysis Very strong negotiation and influencing skills Strong use of analysis and judgment Strong interpersonal skills Excellent written and verbal communications skills Personal organisation and time management Computer literacy Good Relationship skills Essential Good understanding of risk management policies and procedures. Understanding of the principles of turnaround and managed exit strategies Sound knowledge of insolvency legislation and procedures Knowledge of the bank s service standards. Good current knowledge of all branch based lending products including pricing / tariffs. A good current understanding of products and services used by Medium Business customers, including those provided by other group companies e.g. Sales Financing or BAssF. Knowledge of the scope and activity of Recoveries as well as the practical application of recovery techniques in such situations. An understanding of provisioning policy Broad knowledge of the services provided by restructuring/insolvency professionals Understanding of the Bank s policies on Governance, Compliance and Complaint handling, in addition to FSA requirements Understanding of Bank Systems e.g. Zeus Broad knowledge and understanding of the vision for UK Banking and the contribution made by Business Support Relevant professional qualification would be an advantage e.g. MBA, ACIB .