Title: PMO/PMO Lead/PMO Manager  Financial Services
Webindex: 69065208
Company: Lawrence Harvey Search Selection
Description: PMO/PMO Manager/PMO Lead  Financial Services  Cambridge An experienced PMO is required to work with a growing client in the Financial Services sector. This is a fantastic opportunity to work in a newly established Project Management Office, running it and supporting the Project Management teams in delivering key initiatives in the business. The ideal PMO will have experience in working in and the ability to run a PMO. Ideally, they will also have some experience or exposure to running Projects as a Project Manager so they have a better understanding of how to best support the Project Management team. Financial Services experience whilst not necessary, is an advantage. The PMO will display a natural enthusiasm and self confidence in this role and be comfortable dealing with those at board level. Additionally, they will be assertive and display the ability to work independently when required. This role provides the fantastic opportunity to grow a PMO function in the business and to mould it in the way you see fit. Working closely with those at a very senior level, it also represents the chance to develop at a much faster rate than a big corporate company, learning from 'Head's of' and Directors. With ambitious plans over the next few years, this is a chance to get in at the beginning and play an influential part in changing the way the business operates. Requirements:  Experience working in a PMO  Experience and ability to run a PMO function  Adaptability to work in a growing and changing environment  Some experience of Project Management  Ideally Financial Services experience  Ability to work independently This is a brilliant opportunity to further your career in the Project function within a fast growing, and changing business. To take on this challenge please submit your CV. Lawrence Harvey is acting as an employment agency in regards to this position.