Title: EMEA Shared Services Manager  AP & Expenses
Webindex: 68704058
Company: Wade Macdonald Associates.
Description: EMEA Shared Services Manager  AP Expenses  Reading  to ****  Car Allowance  Excellent Benefits EMEA Shared Services Manager  AP Expenses  Our major international client based in Reading is currently seeking to recruit a proven Shared Services Manager to take on the challenge of a newly created role overseeing responsibility for AP, expenses, payroll and other transactional areas. Reporting to the Financial Director, the role entails operational management of the department covering the ****ey areas as above, with 5 direct reports and an additional number of indirect reports. This will include performance appraisals, recruitment and training, along with a focus on the development of individuals within the department. Additionally there will be a focus on process improvement, compliance, assisting with new system implementation as well as managing internal and external relationships. The company operates across a number of countries so previous experience in a major international company (where there are multicurrency transactions) is essential. This will need to be combined with solid experience of managing, motivating and coaching teams. Ideally candidates will have some progression towards an accounting qualification (e.g. ACCA or CIMA) however most importantly is essential that candidates can demonstrate strong competency in knowledge of AP, expenses and (ideally) payroll processes, gained within a large international organisation. This is an exciting role with some areas of the role yet to be developed. Experience of using or implementing complex ERP systems (e.g. SAP) would be advantageous. If you feel you have the skills and ambition to take on this role and would like to work for a prominent market leader, we look forward to hearing from you. EMEA Shared Services Manager  AP Expenses  Reading  to ****  Car Allowance  Excellent BenefitsApplications are encouraged from all candidates meeting or exceeding the minimum criteria for the role regardless of age, disability, gender, orientation, race, religion or ethnicity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EMEASharedServicesManagerAPExpenses_job55566****26