Title: AML Analyst
Webindex: 69220059
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen for an Anti Money Laundering Analyst to join the Compliance Project Team of one of the world?s leading Financial Services organisations based in London. You will be working on a Customer Due Diligence (CDD) project for an interim contractual basis of 6 Months. As an Anti Money Laundering Analyst your duties will include: ? Ensuring the full adherence of client files to AML policies in support of delivery of a bespoke endtoend solution ? Document review to decipher beneficial owner information, including the review of Special Purpose Vehicles and Private Holding Companies, Trusts, Charities, Partnerships, Incorporates and Individual / Joint accounts The ideal Anti Money Laundering Analyst will have the following skills and experiences: ? An academic background in Law or similar analytical subject matter, ideally with additional professional qualifications ? Previous experience of AntiMoney Laundering (AML) compliance and knowledge of financial crime including KYC and AML requirements ? Knowledge and understanding of the Private Banking, Wealth Management and / or Retail Banking environment in the UK ? An understanding of the UK AML legal and regulatory environment and insight into the future development of this ? Previous experience from within a Regulatory environment is beneficial but not essential ? Previous knowledge of policy review and gap analysis is beneficial but not essential ? Excellent written and verbal communication skills This role is with a leading compliance consultancy firm supporting the wealth management arm of one of the world?s leading Financial Services organisations offering excellent training, development and career opportunities. During your initial assignment you will receive a salary of ****  **** per day plus AML training on the review of corporate documentation to decipher beneficial owner information. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.