Title: Corporate Account Handler  Buckinghamshire  c ****
Webindex: 69595459
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Corporate Account Handler  Buckinghamshire Salary: c **** plus excellent benefits A forward thinking insurance broker in the Buckinghamshire region is seeking a Commercial Account Handler to handle Corporate insurance risks. Our client has seen highly positive growth of late and requires extra support for their sales team. The company provides commercial insurance solutions to a full spectrum of companies including multinational organisations and takes great pride in its reputation as a market leader. They actively encourage all their employees to enhance their skills through professional development and provide full financial support with insurance examinations. The Account Handler will provide full broking support to Account Executives; providing an excellent service to clients. The role will involve a range of duties including dealing with renewals and MTAs, along with accurate documentation and answering queries as required. There will also be a high level of interaction with insurers. Candidates for this role must have experience working in an insurance broking or underwriting environment. Ideally will have experience of dealing with Corporate Commercial risks, but applicants from an SME backgrounds will be considered if they can demonstrate a professional attitude and a process driven approach. This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious individual to join a well renowned organisation and take their career to the next level. Foot note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied in response to an advertisement may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CorporateAccountHandlerBuckinghamshirec****_job****