Title: Audio & Infotainment Systems Engineer
Webindex: 69690925
Company: Matchtech
Description: An interesting opportunity has arisen to work for an Automotive OEM. Successful candidates will have experience of electrical/electronic systems development on vehicle Audio and Infotainment systems. Mission and Main Objectives To successfully deliver vehicle projects to market, design & development of electrical and electronic systems to Nissan Design standards. This will include the creation of specifications, management of suppliers and implementation to our production plants globally. Main Tasks & Responsibilities Development of specifications for Navigation, Audio and IT components to Nissan design/test standards. Negotiate and coordinate specification development with Nissan’s global teams in Japan and North America. Managing Tier **** suppliers to deliver products to Quality, Cost & Timing targets. Managing in house and supplier validation of components to Nissan design standard Work with test and customer orientated engineering teams to resolve concerns. Collaboration with purchasing team to support sourcing and cost definition/reduction tasks. Status reporting to management. Background & Experience • Have relevant experience in automotive electrical and electronic development, completing a minimum of one previous vehicle development, or be able to demonstrate equivalent experience on a major development program, e.g. in aerospace, telecoms or similar. • Have experience of managing Tier **** suppliers in the development of a complex electronic product. • Have good communication skills and be able to communicate effectively in a cross cultural and cross functional team. • Self motivating and self managing. Proactive. Positive. Affable and energetic personality. • Flexible regarding working practice and working hours. • Understand electrical theory and the operation of electronic devices. • Knowledge of software and hardware development. • Be able to travel abroad, typically a few days to 2 weeks, but on rare occasions could be longer. • Competent with PC applications. MS office, Image editing etc. Additionally the following may be an advantage. • Understanding of RF and Acoustic design principals. • Knowledge of CAN. • Knowledge of development of plastic ‘A’ surface parts. • Knowledge of display technology. • Knowledge of HMI factors and design. • Understanding of perceived quality. • Knowledge of software programming. • Knowledge of working with & developing suppliers in Leading Cost Countries. • Understanding of electronic mass production techniques and processes. • Working knowledge of CAD systems such as IDEAS or NX To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.