Title: SIPP SSAS Administrator
Webindex: 66920866
Company: Alexander Lloyd
Description: A leading Financial Services company are looking to expand their SIPP SSAS teams, and are therefore looking for any experienced SIPP SSASS Administrators to apply for this role for a further discussion. Within this role, the successful candidates will be required to provide a wide range of administration services for a large portfolio of SSAS and SIPP schemes. More specifically, your role will be to:  Provide administration services to an existing portfolio of arrangements. This will include ongoing administration services as well as the setup of new arrangements and transfer in of existing arrangements. Deliver support to consultants.  Maintain relationship with clients.  Maintain and develop a sound knowledge of the pension legislation and in particular, how these impact on the company contract and its clients.  Collate data from the client investment providers for completion of year end reports, self assessment returns and reviewing income limits, together with any other ad hoc requests.  Ensure HMRC reporting deadlines are met on the individual portfolio administered.  Calculate of Tax Free Cash and income limits on retirement, payment of pensions and reviewing limits at annual or other periodic reviews.  Calculate death benefits. The successful applicant for this role will already have experience of working in the SIPP SSAS industry, and will be able to demonstrate a technical, broad knowledge of the products available in the UK market. In addition, the ideal candidate will also have:  A working knowledge of pensions legislation and its application to SIPP SSAS arrangements  Experience in administering SIPP SSAS schemes  Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills  Excellent organisational and selfmotivating abilities  Ability to work on their own initiative as well as being able to identify when it is necessary to seek advice and support Alongside a competitive salary, this role includes generous holiday allowance, performancerelated bonus, company Pensions scheme and **** worth of Flexible Benefits PTM130115 SIPP SSAS Administrator is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, Advisors, Employee Benefits, Compliance, Pensions, Group Risk, Paraplanners, Sales Support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest.