Title: Project Manager, Business Implementation
Webindex: 67812531
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Project Manager, Business Implementation Our client are a large Banking Organisation with offices worldwide. They require the support of a Business Implantation/Project Manager to come on board and manage the day to day changes involved in the on boarding of new clients and associated Fund Administration. The role holder will; Projects will include the onboarding of significant new business wins, the building of new business models in conjunction with Product to support internal business or external market driven initiatives, restructuring of existing client business and reengineering initiatives driven by industry changes. The projects will involve the management of work streams and resources from across the business units and may include projects from our European and MENA regions depending on the scope of the change. Developing and maintaining a good working relationship internally and with client contacts and third parties is therefore a key component of the role as is management of project sponsors. Candidates must have experience in the following areas;  Project Management  controlling the day to day mechanics of change, liaising with different business units and ensuring all parties are operating in line with new business offerings.  Fund Administration, Fund Accounting or Fund Launch experience is essential in order to understand the nature of the business our client operate  Experience working on previous Mergers, Acquisitions or client on boarding projects.  Previous exposure to a variety of different 3rd party providers and clients. Soft Skills;  ability to identify problems and think and act logically in response to them  Ability to utilise different members of a team, possibly in a different location to seek answers and solved problems that may be encountered  A self starting, can do attitude, someone who is willing to learn and get involved in the hands on 'lifting and shifting' involved in a change. project. Candidates coming from an operations background eg Fund Administrators, Fund Accountants who have more recent exposure to Project Management would be a good fit. Please contact Hayley Duncan at if you are interested in this opportunity Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice. By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.