Title: Assistant Assurance Manager
Webindex: 71111427
Company: Oliver James Associates Limited
Description: This position is a **** month fixed term contract, inclusive of company benefits and can be based either in London or in Edinburgh. The responsibilities are below;  Assist with the delivery of a portfolio of planned and ad hoc assurance reviews (either alone or as part of a team) as outlined in the Assurance plan. This includes:  Liaising with the business at the planning stage to fully understand the processes being reviewed  Assisting with the design of testing strategies  Performing assurance testing and producing testing working papers to an agreed standard  Documenting all findings and producing draft reports for review by the Assurance Manager  Discussing issues with key stakeholders and identifying remedial actions which will both satisfy regulatory requirements and also be appropriate for the business.  Ensuring all reviews follow the Assurance methodology.  Produce and deliver timely and independent reports/briefings/MI to the Assurance Manager following Assurance reviews and other Assurance activity.  Contributing to the development of the Assurance programme by highlighting new and emerging risks and feeding in results of findings from Assurance reviews.  Participating in Issues Closure validation testing, as directed by the Assurance Manager or Senior Assurance Manager. Regularly meet with specified stakeholders and build ongoing relationships with them to assist in building a culture of openness and transparency in relation to issues and actions required to address them. The ideal candidate will have experience of the following;  Experience working in a bank regulatory or financial institution in an AML/Compliance/internal controls area.  Knowledge of banking products and services.  Internal Audit  An awareness of AML, Sanctions and AntiBribery Corruption legislation and industry initiatives is desirable.  Experience assessing and managing business risks.  Organisational awareness including basic knowledge of general process, specific controls and prevention mechanisms.  Experience monitoring and assessing the adequacy and operating effectiveness of controls.  Good stakeholder management skills. Strong communication and report writing skills.