Title: Team Manager  Central London  Up To ****k  Bonus
Webindex: 69502456
Company: Agile Talent Management
Description: EAM MANAGER  FINANCIAL SERVICES  Central London  TO ****K  BENEFITS AND BONUS Are you passionate about customer service? Are you a motivational manager who always dedicates themselves to their team? An opportunity has arise to join a renowned organisation that provides an invaluable service in the Financial sector. You will lead a team of up to **** in a high quality customer service environment. Skills required: 2  years experience managing small teams (**** individuals) in a customer service environment. Intellect and problem solving skills  you need to have the ability to identify problems and deal with them professionally. Excellent listenership and communication skills  you need be clear, impartial and make sure your team are clear on their goals and objectives. Excellent coaching skills  you need to engage your team, get the best out of them and keep them movitvated in a complaints environment, as well as get them excited and interested in their role. Strong relationship building skills  you will be interacting with many different individuals in the business, so it s vital you understand people and how to work with them. Handson managerial style, with an emphasis on being able to work in a team, and even be able to ask for help if you need it Influential leader  your team need to trust you and have full confidence in your abilities. Passionate about providing excellent customer service and support. You need to be passionate about your team, and care about their welfare and happiness. You ll need to support and develop your team members, helping them grow their professional skills  as well as their customer service skills to handle the toughest situations. You ll need to help them identify where they can improve  and provide coaching and room for growth. You need to be excellent at bringing the team together, so that you get the best out of them as a group, using all their skills  so that together you can deliver a truly excellent service. This is a great role, working for a great company, with superb career prospects and the chance to be part of an exciting team based in London. If you re looking for a career with a company that is stable and trustworthy, then APPLY NOW KEYWORDS: Manager, coach, lead, develop, team, financial services, customer service, mentor, permanent, full time, London, communication, complaints