Title: Improvement Manager, Customer Relations, Risk, Governance and Quality
Webindex: 69173265
Company: The Co operative Banking Group
Description: In this brand new role, you’ll put our customers at the heart of everything you do as you effectively act as an Improvement Manager within our Customer Relations function. Focused on protecting our customers, colleagues and the company through the robust application of best in class risk management, your task will be to help define, deliver and monitor an effective process management and quality assurance approach. Working in Customer Relations, you will lead, coach and develop a team of advisers to ensure the delivery of quality assurance in complaints handling, and the ongoing management of the function’s operational risk and compliance framework, including management of audit recommendations and actions, TCF and process improvements driven by analysis of customer complaints. You will also have responsibility for ensuring that the correct governance frameworks are in place for both internal and external relationships, to ensure continued regulatory compliance and industry best practice. Defining the quality assurance methodology for the function, you’ll make sure it’s implemented, understood and revised as and when appropriate. This will include oversight of, and support for, team managers to ensure that quality monitoring reviews undertaken across Customer Relations are fit for purpose. With experience of operating and deploying Quality Assurance and Risk frameworks in a regulated environment, we expect you to have a technical knowledge of Operational Risk management including Basel II, Solvency II and the FSA Handbook. You’ll also understand key policies in relation to operational risk such as conflicts of interest, data security and operational losses. Add to that experience in defining and executing a quality framework approach, and you could be the person we are looking for. This is an opportunity to join The Cooperative Banking Group at a time of exciting growth and development  a time that offers you largescale development opportunity, the chance to make your mark and progress your career. We’re investing in the future ethically and responsibly. Our vision is to become the Compelling, Cooperative Alternative in the UK financial service market. We aim to achieve it by having integrity, inspiring trust and building a better society by excelling in everything we do. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ImprovementManagerCustomerRelationsRiskGovernanceandQuality_job****