Title: Head of Special Servicing
Webindex: 68669191
Company: Stellar Select Ltd
Description: Head of Special Servicing required for a specialist lender based in Brentwood, Essex to manage the Special Servicing function. You will be responsible for ensuring the rigorous application of policies, conformance with regulations and continuous performance improvement. You will ensure a first class service to customers including the application of individual treatment tools to assist with the resolution of short/medium term customer financial difficulties. Creating a bespoke service for the management of identified nonmainstream accounts centred around the concept of full case ownership through to resolution. Responsibilities for the role of Head of Special Servicing Ensure the function operates compliant strategies to support business objectives. Manage and develop a bespoke process for non mainstream accounts, ensuring that the primary aim is to halt customer’s situations worsening by creative and strategic thinking. Review and translate Management Information into meaningful objectives for staff, driving performance and ensuring gaps are closed through corrective action, with controls being monitored for outputs. All the while keeping a customer centric focus on fair outcomes. Driving a customer focused culture throughout the team, encouraging continuous improvement within the department recommending changes to systems/ processes. Encouraging the function to engage with customers throughout the process to ensure the business understands the customer circumstances and make informed decisions in line with Treating Customers Fairly principles, policies and procedures, using progressive Litigation action as a last resort. Work with compliance to identify trends on complaints and using root cause analysis to close gaps in service delivery minimising complaints. Ensure that all function activity meets all internal company standards and external regulatory and legal requirements. Liaising with the appropriate departments as required. Undertake and manage the recruitment of new staff as and when required. Work with team leaders to ensure staff are motivated and trained appropriately. Ensuring succession plans are created for talented staff, whilst ensuring poor performers receive effective intervention in improving or managing to resolution. Ensure that all departmental staff have necessary training with tailored plans where appropriate. Ensure Team leaders are reviewing staff performance regularly with timely feedback provided, with clear goals on development areas. Work closely with compliance/ internal audit in the timely turnaround of audit reports and the resolution of issues identified. Experience required for the role of Head of Special Servicing At least 5 years senior management experience of mortgage/ secured loan Servicing. Particular expertise is required in the areas of arrears handling and the use of litigation in all jurisdictions. Experience of dealing with vulnerable customers will be a distinct advantage Sound knowledge of compliance, regulatory requirements and legal requirements. In particular, a good working knowledge of the Financial Service Authority’s Mortgage Conduct of Business rules and the practical application of the CCA are essential. Understanding of the nonconforming and 2nd charge mortgage market. Proven track record in effective staff development, management and coaching. Ability to translate high level strategies into meaningful objectives and manage performance accordingly. Salary: up to ****  Benefits and bonus Location: Brentwood, Essex For more information regarding the role of Head of Special Servicing please contact Rosa or Louise Stellar Select is acting as an employment agency and is a corporate member of the REC Due to a high volume of applications, we will only contact you if your application has been successful. We aim to contact all successful contacts within two business days This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofSpecialServicing_job****