Title: Principal Financial Analyst
Webindex: 72342328
Company: Hays A F
Description: I am recruiting on behalf of a global investment bank based in the heart of Manchester city centre. This is a permanent role paying up to **** per annum, plus benefits. My client is looking for an actively studying part qualified (ACCA/CIMA) candidate who has experience that matches the following job description: Job Purpose Assist the location Controller in performing certain processes within the Operational Accounting team in accordance with deadlines and ensuring that the integrity of the financial control environment is maintained at all times. Responsibilities Assist the Controllers monthend close process, ensuring deadlines are achieved and the financial accounts are closed in a timely and accurate manner, in accordance with corporate requirements. Intercompany Accounting: Produce and process the inter company invoicing and to assist in the intercompany confirmation, elimination and resolution process. General Accounting: Assist in performing operational accounting processes associated with expenses, accruals, deferred charges and fixed assets. Prepare and process daily and month end journals. Cash Accounting: Posting of corporate bank account transactions to the general ledger on a timely basis. Reconciliation: Support the preparation of account reconciliations and the review of those reconciliations. Perform system to system reconciliations. Ensure variances are clarified and cleared on a timely basis. Reporting: : Assist in the production of the monthly legal entity variance reporting pack, ensuring that a full understanding is developed of the key drivers of both direct and allocated inter company revenue and expenses. The analytical review and commentary of expenses. Support and participation in projects related to the growth of the business and the development of the Finance organisation. Personal traits  Adaptable and proactive.  Good communication and interpersonal skills.  Good decision maker, responsible and accountable.  Deadline driven with effective time management and ability to work under pressure.  Client orientated and results focused.  Attention to detail.  Able to manage risk in a highly regulated and controlled environment.  Ability to establish and develop effective relationships.  Highly motivated, fast learning and proactive with an ability for problem solving. Qualifications  Technical Skills, Systems Knowledge (and associated skill level)  Part Qualified accountant.  IFRS and/or US GAAP exposure is an advantage  Exposure to working with general ledger systems preferably PeopleSoft and, and related reporting tools.  Good PC skills essential, in particular Excel.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk