Title: Pricing Analyst  Cards
Webindex: 62010067
Company: MBN Recruitment
Description: My client, a leading organisation in Banking, is looking to recruit a Pricing Analysts in Cardiff who are driven, ambitious and on the back of success can benefit from the progression route available with the right investment in them. There is real scope for movement and growth in this leading organisation known for developing talent from within. You do not need to have Finance Sector experience, pricing analysis experience (or a very similar commercial experience or relevant numeric degree or equivalent experience in pricing analysis for entry level) in another product based area will be considered. This position is Cardiff based and sits within their Credit Cards business, my client owns a large chunk of the UK market and you will be joining a successful thriving team who enjoy pricing analysis. This role suits someone who combines strong analytical mind and background with a good commercial understanding and business acumen. In this crucial role, you ll be working on developing pricing strategies. This includes product pricing strategies, reassessing customers and meeting regulatory requirements. You will also be able to get involved in project based work for unique strategies and transformations within the Credit Cards business. You ll get to work on developing and implementing strategies for improved targeting of customers. You will further develop your skills in engaging the business and stakeholders. You will improve your presentation techniques and create compelling presentations. Essential:  Commercial pricing analysis experience preferably in Credit Cards or FS but would consider someone from other large scale product pricing background such as telecoms background, or for entry level roles a suitable numeric degree or equivalent with relevant experience for a pricing analyst role  Love of analytics  Drive to succeed and be rewarded for success achieved in this field  Basic commercial understanding  Some stakeholder management experience advantageous  Some presenting skills advantageous  Ability to convey ideas and concepts to business  Numerate with a love of problem solving  SAS programming skills