Title: Client Relationship Manager Fixed Income  NO sales
Webindex: 71685347
Company: TLP Consultancy Ltd
Description: Client Relationship Manager Fixed Income clients  Excellent package and benefits  no sales pure team and client relationship management  great company culture. Leading London based banking software solutions provider with a global reach is looking for a talented Relationship Manager to work within a very busy Fixed Income Client Team (Investment Banking clients) Its a Big Job you will be responsible for providing intelligent and focused analytical support to senior (VP) level contacts, building the relationship throughout the bank. In addition to managing and developing the relationships with Investment Banks, the Relationship Manager provides direction and training to junior members of the team. The Relationship Manager discusses general market trends and transaction structures with product and coverage heads within the banks. My client will provide training but you must have the skills to communicate financial information to senior stakeholders. This is not a sales role in any shape or form, this is a pure client relationship position, and as such your CV must reflect demonstrable experience with the above. Candidates from a software house environment with previous client facing skills would be my clients preference. Responsibilities include:  Manage and develop frontline senior relationships with Investment Banks within Fixed Income and serve as a central point of contact to major investment banking clients, assisting with analysis, execution of events conferences and advising on best practices via telephone, email and in person  Understand the Investment Banking client base and work to strengthen the relationship through supporting, training and strategic dialogue with key users and contacts  Identify opportunities to increase the footprint of the product throughout all covered clients  Develop new senior contacts (MD level/Heads of Desks) within the banks To be considered for this position you will need previous experience in a client facing role, have an understanding of Investment Banking Markets and a genuine interest in the Banking and Finance sector, ideally from a previous software provider. Be at least degree educated and have supported Banking clients in the past. Do you have good listening skills, are you confidant but not arrogant, do you have a passion for providing excellent customer service, are you willing to learn new things, like working in teams, great at presenting to clients? Then please do get in touch, you are just the type of person we are looking for. So what do you think? Like the thought of supporting some of the most prestigious Investment Banks in the world, along with working for a company with a fantastic culture, (good work/life balance) then give me a call or send in your CV, I would love to hear from you and discuss further how you can help my client. TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.