Title: Financial Controller Property Finance
Webindex: 67102268
Company: Walker Dendle
Description: Working in the property arm of one of the world’s most successful investment managers, with a number of properties in the UK, Europe and Asia, and reporting to the Group Financial Controller you will be responsible for a team of 3 as a significant proportion of basic accounting entries are now outsourced. . As head of the property finance team, the primary purpose of the role is to ensure appropriate financial control and reporting of the real estate portfolio and to ensure that the property finance team is appropriately managed. There are several key internal and external consumers of financial information, as well as a number of key service providers to be managed and stakeholder manage will be a critical feature of the role. To ensure responsible financial control and reporting of the real estate portfolio c.$****bn including production of management accounts and financial statements for over **** companies across UK, continental Europe, Japan and Bermuda, reporting in multiple GAAP’s locally and to US GAAP centrally, including complex consolidations. Compiling and reporting on net asset values. Ensuring local compliance requirements are adhered to, including financial reporting and tax compliance. To ensure compliance with accounting policies and procedures. The design and implementation of programs and controls. Act as finance lead on complex finance tasks around business restructuring, acquisitions, tax planning and reorganisations, both in an advisory capacity and project managing. Liaising with other finance functions to ensure that the financial reporting requirements of the property finance team are completed appropriately. Liaising with the management of external property advisors & managers and other external advisors globally. Advising on corporate governance, attending Board meetings of local property companies and preparing board reports. Management of other financial reporting requirements, including budgets and cash management. Travel to continental Europe and other locations will be required. Must be qualified (ACCA/ACA, or nonUK equivalent) with experience of working in an international company. Knowledge of multiple GAAP’s including US GAAP. Real estate investment and/or real estate development finance knowledge and experience strongly desirable. Excellent communicator with experience of report writing and presenting at a senior level. Proven ability to build relationships with all key stakeholders across various business functions at all levels. Experience of complex financial transactions and consolidations. Knowledge of Yardi and/or JDE would be a distinct advantage as would experience of a consolidation system (ideally HFM) with strong Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint.