Title: Auditor / Audit Manager
Webindex: 72289825
Company: MaxAd
Description: Auditor: An ACA, ACCA or AAT qualified / part qualified Accountant (or QBE) with a solid background in audit, liaising with clients, and developing new business opportunities, is required to join a flourishing accountancy practice. The successful Auditor will work within an Accounts and Audit team of **** and report directly to the Audit and Accounts Director. The firm wishes to grow its audit work and this position will be key in achieving that goal. However, the successful candidate will also have more general accounting skills as the current portfolio of audit clients will not constitute a fulltime role on its own from day one. This position is suitable for those seeking either full or parttime work. This opportunity is suitable for either recently qualified Accountants or more experienced professionals with a keen appetite for auditing. Skills Experience:  ACA, ACCA, AAT qualification (although QBE or partqualified will be considered)  Experience of working in an Audit environment  Track record of managing/delivering audits  Ability to spot new opportunities and generate business from prospective clients Responsibilities:  Manage endtoend audit process  Liaise with other members of the team in order to deliver audits on time and to a high quality  Work directly with clients (including onsite) to deliver a high quality service  Strong verbal and written communication and exceptional interpersonal skills  Advanced accounts preparation (When required)  FSA Audit experience (Desirable)  Strong IT skills (including MS Office)  It would be desirable (but not essential) to have expertise in other areas (e.g. VAT, Corporation Tax, Company Secretarial)  Other ad hoc duties as required This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced auditor who is looking for their next career move to join a thriving local accountancy practice. Whilst excellent technical skills are important, the right candidate will also need a proactive approach, coupled with a flexible attitude. We would encourage applications from a wide range of candidates and would not discount early equity involvement for the right candidate, particularly if they were in a position to bring their own portfolio of clients with them. For this latter category of candidate, remuneration will be fully negotiable. Candidates must have a valid UK driving licence and car.