Title: Lead Business AnalystDebt FinanceLondon****K
Webindex: 68564141
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Lead Business Analyst required by my client, the corporate arm of a Tier **** Bank based in London. This position will operate across the Debt Finance Technology Change area of the bank, with the aim to engage with key business stakeholders, improving the alignment of business processes and technology, to ensure the optimization of business unit performance. The Lead Business Analyst will work across the Debt Finance portfolio leading business analysis activity across a multi million package implementation programme, the most high profile business transformation initiative within Corporate Banking at the moment. The Lead Business Analyst will document business, functional and non functional requirements contributing to a high profile strategic change programme. As such applicant should possess the following:  Excellent background in Business Analysis  Understanding of the full Project Lifecycle  Knowledge in Process Modelling tools (Visio/UML etc)  Ability to communicate effectively with Business IT development teams  Strong experience in Financial Services experience essential (ideally Corporate Finance)  Excellent stakeholder management skills essential This is an great opportunity for an exceptional Business Analyst to build their career within one of the world's largest and most prestigious banks, on a very visible multi million package implementation programme. The Business Analyst will support the bank's Debt Finance Technology Change programme, manage senior global stakeholders at all levels of the organisation, refining the technology strategy aligning to business strategy. To be considered for this position, the candidate must have an excellent understanding of Business Analysis Process Modelling and a proven ability to work effectively with the Business and IT to deliver Technology change. It must be stressed that only applicants holding strong experience in the Financial Services will be considered for this position. This is a permanent position based in London, offering a competitive basic salary of between ****  an excellent package. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.