Title: Regulatory Liaison & Policy Manager  Compliance
Webindex: 68707321
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: Capita plc is the UK's leading business process outsourcing (BPO) and professional services company. The business offers a full range of support services across a wide range of markets in both the public private sector. There is a strong track record of growth since formation in **** and the Company now employees over **** staff. We are looking to appoint a Regulatory Liaison Policy Manager to join the Group Compliance division of our large FTSE100 organisation. Key Purpose of the role: To provide divisional regulatory compliance support and oversight to assist the Divisional Compliance Director in fulfilling their CF10/CF**** responsibilities, including in particular, liaising with the FSA and other regulatory bodies, and ensuring the Division has appropriate regulatory compliance policies and procedures. To assist the Divisional Compliance Director with special projects, as and when they arise, and to identify areas where assistance can be provided to maintain robust oversight of regulatory issues impacting upon the CLPD Compliance Plan. Your background Compliance experience in the UK Financial Services market including detailed knowledge and experience of application of FSA rules and guidance Knowledge of Life and Pensions market, products and procedures PC skills including Microsoft Word, Outlook, Powerpoint and Excel Competent with spreadsheet technology to support the analysis and provision of regulatory returns, management information and other financial evaluations. Excellent Problem solving, investigative and analytical skills Excellent communication and presentation skills Good organisational skills, together with the ability to prioritise Ability to be persuasive and credible to internal and external audiences. Previous line management experience preferred Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegulatoryLiaisonPolicyManagerCompliance_job****