Title: Finance Manger  Projects
Webindex: 68683239
Company: Chubb
Description: The Chubb brand is one of the most recognised fire and security brands in the world. From digital CCTV surveillance and intruder alarms to fire detection and suppression systems, we provide a full range of innovative products and services to customers, including most FTSE 100 companies. Chubb, a UTC Climate, Controls Security Systems business, is a truly international, talent driven company focused on performance and results. We employ **** people on a global basis including **** Chubb employees in the UK. We have a big commitment to the continuing development of everyone who works for us and therefore we encourage and strongly support career progression, with opportunities for promotion within our organisation and throughout the wider UTC global group. Chubb Systems, SFS Fire Services Ltd is seeking to recruit a degree Qualified Accountant (ACA, CIMA or ACCA) to be based within the Projects Team at Windsor for a Finance Manager  Fire Projects role covering the Southern Region. You will possess a proven track record of operating at a senior level in a fast moving and demanding organisation (T/O of ****100M) which provides project orientated commercial solutions to its customers. You must also be able to demonstrate extensive experience in financial management, possessing core management accounting skills and good systems knowledge. Your personal strengths will also include resilience in order to be adaptable to circumstances and capable of working under pressure without highlighting stress to other individuals, analytical with the ability to identify root cause from data driven analysis, excellent business judgment through clarifying business cases to ensure appropriate attributes are correctly expressed within financial models, proven communication skills with the ability to talk with stakeholders and convey subject matter with creditability, results focused to ensure that commitments are delivered accurately on time and capable of managing a number of priorities and requirements at once whilst maintaining an eye for detail. The key focus will be to quickly establish the role within the Projects business unit including developing a strong working relationship with the Projects Director and his direct report team, deliver improved financial forecasting for the Projects Business Unit, both in terms of accuracy and granularity, contribute to establishing revised monthly reporting for the Projects business unit, manage the production of the Monthly Finance Review pack, ensuring pack financials are fully populated and meetings scheduled per production timetable to collect business commentaries, liaising with Central FP A Analyst to establish a new cost centre structure for the Projects business unit, in line with the Projects Director business structure, assist in the roll out and implementation of new financial forecasting and reporting systems and procedures and assist in the roll out and implementation of revenue recognition models and projects financial reporting and review processes and procedures. We welcome applications from talented and ambitious South East/ Home Counties based Finance Managers, Management Accountants, FP A Analysts/ Managers, Financial Controllers, Project Accountants, System Accountants, Chief Accountants, Regional Accountants who wish to develop their careers within Chubb/UTC and live within commuting distance of Windsor. Chubb is an Equal Opportunity Employer Please note that due to the high volume of responses that we receive for opportunities across the UK, we are unfortunately no longer able to respond to each application directly or to provide further individual feedback. We will however contact you should we select you to attend an interview. Should you not receive a reply from us within 4 weeks, please assume that your application on this occasion has proved unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceMangerProjects_job****