Title: Client Service Manager (Pension Administration)  Birmingham
Webindex: 72115403
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Client Service Manager (Pension Administration) Birmingham Up to **** An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Client Services Manager to join the operations team as a primary contact for a portfolio of clients. The Role Ensure that pension administration services expectations are managed and met effectively by developing strong relationships and offering a proactive service. This will include client s needs and requirements being interpreted correctly and ensuring you have regular contact with clients regarding administrative issues and deliver monthly and quarterly reports on SLA and projects. Provide onsite support to Team Managers and take accountability for all administration services including Front Office, Payroll, Pensions Service Centre and other 3rd parties. Improve operational effectiveness and client service by working with the operations team and Client Relationship Managers to identify opportunities and broaden service to clients. Take part in weekly meetings with Team Managers and liaise with Operation Managers to review business performance and any issues or concerns. The Package Salary of between ****  **** plus excellent company benefits. The Person In order for your application to be considered you should understand all aspects of pension administration services and pension legislation and have good technical knowledge of both DB and DC schemes. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful