Title: Lean Change Agents  UK Flexible Locations
Webindex: 71188808
Company: RBS
Description: We're looking for the Lean Change Agents to provide Lean expertise and play a significant role in driving business improvement across The Royal Bank of Scotland Group, and act as a coach to operations management teams to develop their Lean capability. And you don't need to have financial services experience to apply We're also keen to speak to you if you've a manufacturing or pharmaceutical background. These roles can be based almost anywhere in the UK, so flexibility to travel is essential and you may also be required to work in one of our international offices. This means that you'll frequently require being away from home for four days a week. Business Services provides the services that keep RBS running, including Technology Services, Group Operations and Corporate Services. We put money in the ATMs, keep the Bank's technology systems operating, maintain the branch network, protect our customers from fraud, process millions of pounds of payments across the world and provide call centre and online services. We're also developing the new mobile banking technology, working environments for colleagues and strategies to stay ahead of the competition that are shaping the Group's future. The Lean programme plays a vital role in helping drive our strategy to rebuild the RBS Group to a position of standalone strength. Lean is transforming the Group's endtoend processes and supporting infrastructure, simplifying them and ensuring consistency across the Group. Through the application of Lean principles, we will deliver a deep and lasting change, truly focused on our customers' needs. As a Lean Change Agent, you'll support Lean Leaders and work in close collaboration with employees across all levels in key business areas to drive diagnosis, design and implementation of sustainable improvements. You'll perform elements of site process diagnostics which will focus on one or more of the five lenses across end to end processes. You'll also facilitate design sessions with the business area, support Lean implementation against agreed objectives and coach management teams to increase their capability with respect to the understanding and practical application of Lean Performance Management. To be successful as a Lean Change Agent, you'll have experience of using Lean techniques in a project or change management environment, either in a defined part of a large programme or in small to medium scale projects. Naturally, you'll need to have strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to influence both peers and senior management. And you'll have the ability to analyse data and provide creative effective solutions, as well as the ability to work to tight deadlines and manage frequently changing priorities. In return, we offer an excellent employee salary and 25% cash and benefit funding programme which can be tailored to suit your individual needs. In addition to financial benefits, we offer a wide selection of exclusive lifestyle offers, development and learning programmes, services and support designed to help you manage and balance your own worklife priorities. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken. If you'd like to discuss this role in confidence please contact David Liddell on **** **** **** Did you know that RBS has won a number of awards as a top employer in the UK in 2012? Best Business Awards 'Best Employer', Business In The Community Top 10 'Ethnic Equality’ ‘Gender’, Working Families 'Top 10 Employer', Workingmums.co.uk Top Employer 'Employee Engagement’, The Times Top 50 ‘Where Women Want to Work’, The Times Top 100 'Graduate Employers’, and The Sunday Times 100 ‘Best Companies to Work For’. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeanChangeAgentsUKFlexibleLocations_job****