Title: Senior Implementation Consultant
Webindex: 70163496
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Senior Implementation Consultant needed for a FTSE 100 Company We are one of the largest British companies in the world and are proud to be the number one provider of business process outsourcing in the UK. We provide highly renowned services and solutions to a variety of sectors and due to our consistent expansion, we require a Senior Implementation Consultant to work within our Shareholder Services area, in London. The Implementations Team is responsible for the implementation of new business in a number of key product areas; including Share Plans, Placings, DIs, ETFs and Switch Registration. The key objective of the Implementation Consultant role is to proactively manage new business and other projects to the client and internal stakeholder satisfaction. You will be an integral part of our team, who will take control of managing the lifecycle of successful projects. You will be the main point of contact in the implementation of this new business, taking it from development stage through to full implenentation. With your excellent attention to detail and accuracy skills combined with ideally knowledge or professional experience in the operational side of share registration or share plans, you will be given the tools to become a successful part of our team. Key Responsibiltiies: Using key tools (Plan, RAID) to project manage events to a successful conclusion Implementation of additional client services (internal s projects such as key milestones and management information. Development plans, appraisals, one to one coaching Essential Skills: Strong Experience in Share Registration / Share Plans or other Financial Services sector and implementing projects Proficient in use of full MS Office, including, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and desirably Visio High level Client service in Financial Services Team Leading or supervisory experience Desirable: ICSA Foundation Course Certificate. A background in the operational, technical and legislative aspect of Share Registration and Share Plans We aim to provide the best training and work environment that a professional person is looking for and progress within us through hard work and commitment. You will be an integral part of Capita, helping us to grow and succeed. If you feel you have the skills detailed above and is looking for long term career progression and development, don t hesitate to apply today. The successful applicant will be subject to a CRB and Credit Check due to it being an FSA regulated business. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us