Title: Senior C Developer / Team Lead  FX Options Pricing
Webindex: 69969129
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment
Description: Senior C Developer  Team Lead  FX Options Pricing  VP Excel VBA C Exotics Pricing Risk Hays FT have been engaged by a tier **** investment bank to assist in the attraction and recruitment of a highly skilled C Team Lead to join the FX Options Pricing Team, you will currently be a VP Level Developer with who is fluent in C Development and Pricing. Ideally you will have FX knowledge however candidates from other asset classes will be considered. Essential: Investment banking experience in a derivatives asset class (FX (preferably), IR, Equity etc) Strong C and OO development; ability to act as a technical authority in the practical use of the language Strong numerical skills to degree levelBroad exposure to other development languages/tools, for example; VBA, C++, SQL Server, XML, XSLTExperience of working in a Microsoft environment. The role is to lead and manage a small team of developers in London, working on the existing Excel based exotics pricing platform while also replacing it with a pricing service which can be used by multiple systems and front ends. This role will involve: Full lifecycle rapid delivery, working directly with the front office users to understand requirements around functionality and performance. Troubleshooting and resolving issues raised by the desk/app management. Work on the new strategic FX Exotics Pricing Service. This is a challenging project, as it must be able to deal flexibly with complex, user customisation of the pricing environment, as well as high volumes of simply defined indicative standard pricing requests. The project will have several phases of delivery, starting with a service for the pricing of FX Option based Notes to external users via Investor Solutions web based front end. Work on the existing Excel based Pricing Application (developed over the last 4 years by this team as an OO designed application in VBA with an Excel front end  not formulas on spreadsheets) and market publishers. A combination of minor enhancements and extensions as well as migration work to replace Excel based business logic with calls to the new pricing service. Providing design, development and management direction to **** developers in London, working closely with the SGP team lead and your manager to steer, direct and plan the overall direction of the team. Along with contributing significantly you your own development projects. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk