Title: Head of European Grants
Webindex: 68098170
Company: Marine Management Organisation
Description: This is an exciting opportunity to take on a high profile role, using your strong financial skills to make a real difference to the fishing communities across England. Head of European Grants **** starting salary Newcastle This is the perfect position for an inspirational leader to develop an implementation strategy for a new European scheme – the European Maritime Fisheries Fund  due to launch on January 1 st 2014. Your work will support the Director of Corporate Support and Governance on all matters related to the EFF and EMF grant schemes, as well as the Director of Finance Support on issues surrounding the European Grant Schemes. You will be responsible for leading two teams – one that administers the current scheme, and a second that oversees the governance and application of the EFF across the whole of the UK, on behalf of Defra. The teams’ activities will enable you to provide the financial information required to report on performance and prepare briefings for MMO Executive Team, Defra Policy and Ministers. You will have a strong understanding of financial corporate governance and project management. You should be able to translate complex regulation into delivery plans and have strong communication and influencing skills. Highly developed communication and leadership skills will be central to your ability to engage with senior stakeholders and inspire your team. It is also essential that you have a background in the financial management of business units / cost centres, are able to apply European regulations and have an expert understanding of corporate governance and project management. The ability to travel across the country and attend meetings in Brussels is also required. The Marine Management Organisation is responsible for the majority of activities in English waters. We oversee marine planning to ensure the sustainable development of our coastal and offshore waters, monitor and control sea fishing activity, enforce marine legislation and licensing, and carry out projects that help to protect water environments. To find out more and to apply, please visit www.marinemanagement.org.uk/recruitment/ Closing date: 31st January 2013. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofEuropeanGrants_job****