Title: Regional Internal Audit Manager
Webindex: 71674913
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: The primary responsibility of this Bournemouth based, Spanish speaking Regional Internal Audit Manager will be to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, internal control and governance processes for an internationalportfolio of companies. In addition, they will:  Assist on all aspects of audits, corporate governance and reporting to the Audit Committee  Plan and execute financial, operational and risk based audits for operations in the assigned portfolio  Monitor the audit progress and key milestones to meet the audit project timeline  Analyse risks and internal control issues as well as highlight the control areas to be improved  Ensure the audit process and the quality of the internal audit activities meet the IIA stand The ideal candidate for this Spanish speaking Regional Internal Audit Manager will be a qualified accountant (ideally CPA/CIA/CFE qualified)with a minimum of 5 years experience of working in internal audit, ideally with regional exposure. Candidates who have worked in Chile, South African and Caribbean regions will be at an added advantage. They should also have:  Language proficiency in English, Spanish (written and spoken) and candidates who are proficient in Portuguese has added advantage  Strong risk based audit exposure which is integrated with risk management is preferred  Evident managerial, communication and interpersonal skills  A high level of initiative,attention for details and possess excel Our Bournemouth based client is a leading international services provider. Competitive salary and benefits package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalInternalAuditManager_job****