Title: Mortgage Services Consultant  Basingstoke
Webindex: 68695964
Company: Brite Recruitment
Description: Are you a successful, results driven person? Do you have experience within the Financial Services Market? Are you looking for a fast paced, dynamic working environment? Our client is a multi award winning, National Estate Agency chain with an outstanding reputation for customer service. With a network of over **** branches across the country, the company has risen to become one of the largest and most successful Estate Agency groups in the UK. As a Mortgage Services Consultant, you will work closely with your team to achieve shared goals. In addition to this;  You will be fully CeMap qualified.  You will have previous advising experience within a Mortgage Services environment.  You will have the determination to succeed in the Financial Services market.  You will be capable of working effectively under pressure and in a target orientated. environment.  You will be able to qualify applicants to advise of their purchasing ability.  You will have the ability to advise and sell nonregulated insurance products. The company will offer a fantastic training programme as well as job security and an attractive salary package all within a supportive, team working environment. Achievable progression thresholds are put in place with excellent further earning potential. With a track record of successful sales abilities, suitable candidates will have:  A drive and enthusiasm to work within the Financial Services market  Excellent communication skills  A professional and friendly approach  Refined numerate abilities and an attention to detail  A driving licence/own car  Excellent computing skills You must be a self motivated, driven individual with the ability to be proactive with your own learning and development. You will have the ability to work successfully within a team whilst managing your own, individual work load. Organisational skills and a will to succeed are also a must. You will be required to work intermittent Saturdays, in addition to your Monday to Friday week. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MortgageServicesConsultantBasingstoke_job****