Title: New Business Administrator– UK, SE Eng– **** – Asset Finance
Webindex: 68686033
Company: New Leaf Search Ltd
Description: Our Client is seeking a Business Administrator to develop new business opportunities for the Southern Region. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Support the New Business Assistant and Manager. Assist with checking and preparing documentation for payout. Prepare documentation for loading on to financial systems and storing. Assist in developing new business opportunities by building and maintaining relationships with clients and introducers of business. Assist with raising financial documentation when required. Provide efficient quality service to customers, brokers, suppliers colleagues. Assist with maintaining all records, spread sheets, documentation and correspondence. Liaise with brokers regarding agreement information. Assist with refunds to customers where appropriate. Assist with end of lease process when required. Report all issues of regulatory concern to the Operations Director. Communicate and escalate potential issues in a prompt and effective manner. Support the underwriting team with proposals/searches when required. Assist with direct debit processing daily when required. Assist with any other reasonable office duties and requests. PERSON SPECIFICATION: Ability to communicate at all levels. GCSE level maths and English. An ability to maintain accurate records. Methodical in approach with a meticulous attention to detail. Good organisational skills and ability to prioritise. Customer service orientated with good telephone skills. Ability to use common sense and initiative within boundaries. Selfconfident and motivated with a mature outlook. Computer literate with basic knowledge of Word, Excel and Outlook 1 years office experience Knowledge of the Consumer Credit Act and Data Protection Act desirable. We are keen to receive applications from candidates with proven relevant experience from the Leasing and Asset Finance industry only. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewBusinessAdministratorUKSEEng****AssetFinance_job****