Title: Credit Risk MI Manager
Webindex: 67762088
Company: Coventry Building Society
Description: Credit Risk MI Manager pound;****  pound;**** per annum plus benefits At the Coventry we re really proud of our record as one of the UK s strongest financial institutions. nbsp;In fact, we ve retained Aratings throughout the credit crisis from both Fitch and Moody rsquo;s. We rsquo;re also the largest high street bank or building society never to appear in Financial Ombudsman Service tables of complaints. Central to our reputation is our Credit Risk team who play a key role in monitoring and analysing credit risk to directly contribute to our growth in the UK mortgage market. As result of this growth and to take us from strength to strength, we are delighted to be able to offer the newly created role of Credit Risk Manager, reporting directly into the Head of Credit Risk. Your role will focus on the MI aspect of credit risk, as you rsquo;ll provide detailed analytics on the quality of the mortgage book and make recommendations and/or take action to maintain this in accordance with the Society rsquo;s risk appetite and corporate plan. This is a strategic role as you develop detailed credit risk analysis for submission to senior management, the board and external bodies. To enable you to deliver in your role you rsquo;ll have a team of up to **** people to support you. To be a success in this role, you must be a credit risk expert with a detailed and up to date understanding of mortgage and loan finance. You rsquo;ll have advanced skills in Excel and statistical software (Crystal, SAS, SPSS etc.) As an expert on credit risk analysis, you will be able to analyse, interpret and evaluate complex data and have an understanding on how automated systems operate and are used. You rsquo;ll use your skills and intuition to rationalise data and bring it to life. You rsquo;ll also be a positive and natural leader of people, able to motivate and lead a team effectively. This is a business critical and high profile opportunity offering you the platform to elevate your career with the Coventry, the UK rsquo;s third largest building society. We have an impressive history dating back to our origins in **** and are a organisation that our employees are proud to work for. Please do not delay in making your application