Title: Management Accountant – CIMA Qualified / Finalist
Webindex: 72244074
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Management Accountant  CIMA Qualified / Finalist Chiswick, London **** Plus Employer Contributory Pension Scheme, Group Income Protection, Life Assurance, 23 Days' Holiday, Bonus Scheme, Child Care Vouchers, Free Cinema Tickets Our client is one of the largest multiplex cinema operators in the UK. They are currently looking to recruit an experienced Management Accountant to take on a key role within their team. This is an excellent opportunity to join a company that understands the importance of having a robust succession plan and identifying talented individuals who have the potential to progress. Reporting to the Senior Management Accountant, you will be responsible for producing management accounts information for different lines of business such as film rental accruals, cleaning, stock and staff training. As the Management Accountant, you will analyse and provide commentaries on all areas of the P L and ensure all balance sheet reconciliations are completed and accurately maintained. You will determine accounting book accruals and prepayments for the different lines of business. You will be responsible for preparing the following:  Monthly P L written commentary on variances to budget, forecast and prior year  All monthly balance sheet reconciliations for assigned lines and GRNI  The annual budget and quarterly forecast figures  Monthly P L and cost of goods reports to various departments  Balance sheet reconciliations and yearend P L commentary to be signed off by Auditors To be considered for this role, you must be CIMA qualified (or a finalist) and have:  Proven success as a Management Accountant in a fastpaced, high volume, multisite FMCG business with a minimum turnover of 100m  Experience of monthend reporting for prepayments and accruals  Had personal responsibility for completing multiple balance sheet reconciliations  Produced and prepared monthly commentaries against forecasts and budgets  Experience of meeting agreed deadlines for the year end process Additionally, as the Management Accountant, you must be able to multitask and manage interruptions in a calm and professional manner. Tenacity, drive and a good sense of humour are also key. Although not essential, knowledge and experience of stock and GRNI balance sheet reconciliations and accounting for rebates would be advantageous. To apply for the role of Management Accountant (CIMA Qualified / Finalist), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Management Accountant, Accountant, CIMA, Accounting, Accounts, Accountancy, Qualified Accountant, Finance, Financial Analyst, Financial, Reporting, FMCG. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManagementAccountantCIMAQualifiedFinalist_job****