Title: Senior Expatriate Tax Accountant
Webindex: 71428852
Company: Robert Half   Manchester
Description: The Company Robert Half Finance and Accounting are currently working in partnership with a billion dollar t/o, global market leader who specialise in the provision of engineering services for companies worldwide. They are niche in their field as they offer a one stop shop service to their customers allowing them to continue to take market share. As a result of continued excellence our client have grown significantly, and with projected growth for 2013/**** they are looking to bring on board an Expatriate Tax Accountant to join their existing team. The Role The Expatriate Tax Accountant will report directly to the Financial Director and General Manager of the UK operation. Initially you will be responsible for providing UK tax support to expatriate personnel and interface with all levels of management and you must be willing to travel to work sites to meet with expatriate personnel as well as providing tax arrival briefings to expatriate personnel, including assisting with required tax arrival forms. You will reconcile accounts monthly; prepare long term cost projection forecasts in detail; and provide liaison services between job site personnel and division administration in respect to project cost and tax analysis. You will also assist local payroll team with providing quarterly imputed information details on expatriate employees to US office for compensation inclusion and will assist local payroll teams with shadow payroll for expatriate employees. You will complete annual tax service providers UK compensation collection tool to provide compensation details on expatriate employees for preparation of their UK tax returns and assist expatriate personnel with submission of annual tax information via tax services. The successful candidate will ideally be a qualified tax and financial accountant (CTA, ACA, ACCA or ACMA) with at least 5 years PQE including expatriate tax experience in the UK and/or US. Salary Benefits ****K  ****K pension, healthcare plus additional competitive benefits. Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorExpatriateTaxAccountant_job****