Title: Investment Data Capability Manager
Webindex: 68678025
Company: AXA
Description: Investment Data Capability Manager Job Purpose AXA Wealth is part of the AXA Group, one of the largest companies in the world. We distribute a range of pension and investment products and aim to provide marketleading propositions and business consultancy advice. Based in our offices in central Bristol, we currently have an exciting opportunity for an Investment Data Capability Manager to build and manage the maintenance of a Funds Database and to develop, implement and control business processes in the database. Key Accountabilities Plan and develop further iterations of the AXA Wealth Investments database to include business, regulatory and project developments to ensure accurate client asset and investment universe data integrity. Own the data capability processes underpinning the maintenance of an Investment database; to ensure the accurate storage, movement, upload and reconciliation of mutual funds and securities to support an open architecture. Own and maintain business processes around ongoing data collation and maintenance to ensure funds data is complete and up to date in order to facilitate FSA reporting accuracy, internal investment reconciliations and internal auditing processes. Own and develop the production of a suite of Investment management information and SQL processes to support a wide range of internal and external customers; to include external fund managers, marketing, auditing requirements. Act as the link between IT and the Business, Commercial finance and Investment Suppliers regarding Investment data and data capability processes. Own the ongoing improvement of data capability processes to include the ongoing efficiencies and documentation. Produce management information about the Core, AXA Family and External Partner Funds to include easily accessible and regularly updated information on fund ranges for the benefit of our internal customers and information about Funds under Management and cash flows for funds within the AXA fund ranges to identify business trends and assess value of adding funds. Provide timely and accurate responses to adhoc requests, asset transactional information and AXA fund ranges from the business Skills Experience An understanding of the Financial Services industry Knowledge of Investment Funds Access, SQL server and Advanced Excel skills Business Objects knowledge and experience preferred Experience of people management Experience in Database development Experience of producing clear and concise reports Well organised, analytical and numerate What will you get from this role? Competitive Salary Annual Bonus 25 days Holiday Pension Scheme Life Cover This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InvestmentDataCapabilityManager_job****