Title: Senior SQL Server Administrator (DBA)  Financial Services
Webindex: 71856347
Company: Hudson IT Corporate
Description: My highprofile UK leading Payments client seeks a Senior SQL Server Database Administrator to work on a large Data Centre Migration project to ensure the successful migration of the existing SQL Server and Biztalk estate to two new data centres. You will plan and implement the migration to minimise production outages and maximise disaster recovery resilience. As the ideal candidate you will be tasked with delivering against the following criteria:  Migrate all SQL Server Database, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS and Biztalk servers to the two new Data Centres.  Work with project team to Define and document detailed migration plans for each server ensuring minimum downtime.  Test migration strategies.  Document the configuration of new servers.  Modify existing build processes and documentation where required.  Where hardware is changing, prove that new hardware will perform as well or better than existing hardware.  Build and configure new servers.  Migrate services to the new data centres. This is likely to require working out of core business hours including overnight.  Test services running from new data centres.  Troubleshoot and promptly resolve any issues following migration.  Update and test Business Continuity plans.  Modify and implement improved processes and procedures to take advantage of any new capabilities. This role requires out of hours working and provision of ****x7 On Call support (**** in 5 weeks) for the existing production database services. As the ideal candidate you will have the following skills, knowledge and background:  Strong SQL Server (**** as well as at least one subsequent version) experience and knowledge is essential but training in Biztalk will be provided if required.  Minimum 3 years SQL Server Experience  Must demonstrate experience of working with large, highly available bespoke databases that have high transaction rates.  Must show experience with complex database design and administration.  Strong knowledge of SSRS, SSIS, DTS  SQL Server Replication  Strong problem solving skills  Basic knowledge of Windows Server **** **** System Administration  SQL Server performance tuning and optimization  Knowledge of Biztalk Server (**** or 2010) would be extremely beneficial  Ability to review and analyse complex stored procedures If you are interested in this excellent careeropportunity, please send an updated copy of your CV for review immediately. Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.