Title: Erate Analyst
Webindex: 68098053
Company: AXA
Description: Background The role of the eRate Analyst is to be responsible for the delivery and day to day management of eRate; liaising widely across the business, designing and implementing solutions that are elegant and low cost; endorsing the desired change cultures and principles, demonstrating proactive, knowledgeable and accountable behaviours. The role Support the technical design to deliver pragmatic and elegant solutions that are aligned to the business requirements. Handle day to day technical decisions regarding the Product Interface and the delivery of routine changes. Support end to end development, distribution and quality of eRate models and related IT touchpoints in order to deliver 'eRate change'. Demonstrate understanding and awareness of how eRate interlinks with our platform and business processes. Perform testing to ensure the quality deployment of eRate. Contribute to regular reviews of the delivery of eRate change, capture any learning points and implement recommendations for process improvement. Proactively work with key stakeholders; project team; IT community and pricing analysts, in order to deliver accurate and timely pricing changes, small change and projects. Ensure that the cost/benefit of different solutions has been properly evaluated in order to protect and improve the integrity of our low cost operating model. Initiate improvements to the maintenance, application performance of the eRate software. Ensure personal lines insurance comply with FOS, FSA (including TCF), SarbanesOxley, Payment Card Industry, MID and MIB guidance, also consider the views of other key bodies such as ABI. Skills, knowledge and behaviour Inventive thinker who is flexible, tenacious with problems and who can create workable alternatives. Ability to grasp the significance and meaning of a range of technical and complex issues. Understands how AXA technology, processes and business levers work and interlink. Understands the financial implications of our choices. Aptitude to build sophisticated logic within a range of software e.g. MS Excel, SAS, SQL. Previous knowledge of such software is an advantage but not essential Excellent interpersonal skills for interacting with people at all management levels, both internally and externally: a) communication skills: the ability to engage with technical specialists and layman equally well; b) relationship building skills: the ability to create and maintain a network of important contacts. c) Leadership and influencing skills: the ability to gain trust and cooperation Good project management experience, able to participate successfully within an Atern DSDM framework, able to plan and prioritise own work, able to work under pressure and to strict deadlines whilst maintaining reliability and accuracy. Excellent appreciation of all aspects of General Insurance Additional job board published information Closing Date: Please ensure that your application is completed and officially submitted online no later than the closing date. Successful submissions will be acknowledged by email. Contact Details: Lynn Carroll, Resourcing Consultant This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ErateAnalyst_job****