Title: Credit Risk Analyst  Must be able to speak and write in Arabic
Webindex: 72118532
Company: THC Recruitment
Description: We now have a Credit Risk Analyst position available in the West Midlands Arabic Language skills (Read and Speak) Salary ****/**** plus excellent language skills We are looking for an experienced credit risk analyst with experience in business banking /lending and /or asset finance.  It is essential that the successful candidate is also able to read and speak Arabic The successful candidate will be responsible for  Determines customer credit worthiness, approves/rejects customer deals within approved credit authority  Recommends deals beyond credit authority, and restructures customer deals.  Negotiates complex financial transactions and prepares transactions for documentation and funding within limits of authority.  Negotiates and prepares financial transactions for documentation for transactions in excess of credit authority.  Assists in administration of wholesale and retail customer loan covenant compliance reviews, including onsite record and physical machine/inventory audits.  Conducts and monitors credit investigations.  Assists in leading the documentation of retail accounts receivable and administers inprocessing, signing, and funding of documented transactions.  Assists in managing accounting input and audits booked deals for accuracy. JOB REQUIREMENTS:  Arabic language skills  Demonstrated knowledge of and demonstrated ability to apply math computation skills.  Demonstrated knowledge of and ability to analyze customer credit summaries and past due accounts. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE A college or university degree in any discipline and a minimum of 2 years exempt experience in credit, customer services, collections, marketing, financial statement analysis and/or a related discipline is recommended. Previous exempt work experience must be progressively increasing in responsibility and accountability and demonstrate an ability to gain in knowledge, skills and responsibility such that a level of full competency can be reached. Equivalent experience may be substituted for education. Please call Julie Ramsay THC **** to discuss more about this position or you can apply directly to this advert and we shall call you once we have received your application In the mean time we shall look forward to speaking with you then.