Title: Assistant Accountant  Rotherham
Webindex: 69802330
Company: British Gas
Description: Assistant Accountant  Rotherham  Overview Base Salary up to ****  excellent benefit package Location : Rotherham Assistant Accountant  Rotherham  The Role: Provide support to the Management Accountant in collation and production of accurate and timely monthly management accounting information. Working to strict deadlines, with an understanding of the need to produce accurate and meaningful accounts. Key accountabilities: Support the Management Accountant in the preparation of monthly management accounts Prepare Management Information to the management accountant on key business areas, for onward use in the wider business community Provide insight into monthly accounts and management information, with the ability to respond comprehensively to queries raised from the business. Adhoc duties for the Management accountant and Financial Controller as and when required. Assistant Accountant  Rotherham  The Person: Educated to GCSE standard including Maths Excellent numeracy skills Good knowledge of Microsoft applications Knowledge of excel Working towards or holds a recognised accounting qualification would also be an advantage. Aptitude for accuracy Ability to work under pressure and to deliver against deadlines. Good interpersonal communication teams Self motivated Assistant Accountant  Rotherham The Business: Businesses across the UK understand how they use their energy. With a team of over **** people dedicated to supporting organisations in reducing their energy consumption, we can make energy more affordable for our customers. This includes a unique portfolio of capabilities from renewable technologies to building management systems and energy performance partnerships. British Gas Business Services (BGBS) help thousands of organisations across the UK PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ‘Apply’ button. Please upload your cover letter and CV as one document. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the 'Apply' button To request an update on this role, please email Neetu.kumarcentrica.com typing Assistant Accountant  Rotherham (BG****) in the subject title. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantAccountantRotherham_job****