Title: Senior Component Tester
Webindex: 68694932
Company: Modis
Description: Modis are currently recruiting for a leading financial services organisation based in Rickmansworth for a Test Team Lead to work on Component and Integration testing projects. As a Senior Tester with Team Lead experience you will work on high performance, scalable, mission payments services using Java, Oracle and Web technologies in a high availability environment. As a Senior Component Tester you will have the following responsibilities;  Responsible for creating test strategies and plans to successfully create and run test scripts and scenarios for multi million pound national payments processing services.  Responsible for formal reporting of test results  Reduce manual testing effort and increase automation,  To perform the role of a team lead of distributed teams of between **** and ****  To ensure successful completion of test/ regression cycles  To understand and adhere to the company IT methodology SDLC. The successful Test Team Lead will have the following skills and experience;  Excellent experience with the following methodologies; Black / white / grey box, V model, regression/sanity/smoke testing.  Web and batch testing of Java applications  Formulating test specifications, test cases, test scenarios and associated data.  Hands on test case execution and results capture.  All aspects of defect management and associated tools (Quality Centre).  Experience of leading test teams and mentoring junior members  Good experience/knowledge of the following; o Writing PL/SQL o Oracle database technologies o Java technologies o Application servers o Basic Unix commands o QTP  Excellent knowledge of the full lifecycle of software development (inception to transition/Live) Ideally you will also have experience of the following;  Experience in testing high performing financial payments systems.  Knowledge of the following: Junit, Itest, writing Java, Webservices, Eclipse, Mercury test suite, Hibernate, Spring, Oracle reports, BI Publisher.  Experience of Clearquest, Jira, PKI security and usability testing  Knowledge and experience of UML. This role is a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Test Analyst with team lead experience looking to further their career working on high availability, mission critical applications and as such comes with an excellent salary and benefits package This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorComponentTester_job****