Title: Actuarial Reserving Analyst
Webindex: 68995899
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: The Actuarial Department is responsible for the production and analysis of statistics and the development of new actuarial and statistical systems and concepts, helping to facilitate the reserving, pricing, capital, monitoring and forecasting of the company s lines of business, and ensuring we comply with all relevant FSA regulations. Assist in the production of actuarial and statistical pricing analysis of underwriting performance, for example Emblem analysis, rate book analysis and competitor analysis. This may include some simple interpretation of the analysis. Assist in the production of bespoke and ad hoc actuarial and statistical pricing analysis. This may include some simple interpretation of the analysis. Assist in producing appropriate actuarial reserving estimates of appropriate levels of IBNR. Assist in the production of the analysis of large claim experience to assist in the reinsurance decision making process. Assist in the production of the analysis to support adhoc projects. This may include some simple interpretation of the analysis. Assist in some simple interpretation from the analysis of Management Information and Claims performance. The accountabilities will be spread across the senior members of the Actuarial Department with each member of the department having a different mix of these accountabilities, agreed in consultation with the Head of Actuarial and Statistics. Where required, the Actuarial Analyst will ensure that the results of the analysis are signed off by a Senior Actuarial Analyst or Actuarial Manager, as appropriate. The Actuarial Department is a standalone department within Insurance reporting to the Finance Director. Its purpose is to provide: Specialist actuarial and statistical pricing analysis of underwriting performance and competitive position whilst having regard for company objectives, for the all lines of business, to allow Senior Management to make more informed decisions on the setting of pricing rates. Evaluation of reserves, and monitoring of claims trends, using a number of appropriate actuarial and statistical methods of analysis. Performing both internal and regulatory capital calculations, to assist in Senior Management Research in allocating capital effectively. Making, development, and implementation of Management Information techniques, and the interpretation of the analysis for Senior Management. Ad hoc analysis support. Compliance of various technical FSA regulations (ICAS, Solvency II, etc). The jobholder s work plans and priorities are set in consultation with the Head of Actuarial. A high level of numeracy is required, to degree level in a numeric discipline or equivalent experience. A logical problem solving ability is required. The jobholder should be able to identify, investigate and interpret the results of an analysis. An understanding of modern actuarial and statistical modeling techniques is desirable, or the aptitude to develop the skills. The role requires a high level of IT technical skills in turning data into information through manipulation and analysis. As such, the ability to adopt and use new software is very important. Some knowledge the following is desirable, or the aptitude to develop the skills: (a) database packages, for example, Access or SAS (b) statistical analysis software, for example, ResQ, EMBLEM or SAS (c) Insurance analytical systems, for example, WhatIf (d) Microsoft Office and the development of macro drivenapplication systems (e) Understanding of the motor, household, commercial and travel insurance businesses Experience: Some experience in working in an actuarial analysis role, or equivalent experience, or the aptitude to develop the skills. Qualifications: Degree level in a numeric discipline (****:**** or above) or equivalent. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us