Title: Money Advice Officer
Webindex: 69997251
Company: Gibson Hollyhomes
Description: Money Advice Officer ****  **** PA Our client offers a wide range of homes for social and affordable rent, homes for sale, shared ownership and sheltered and supported accommodation for those with individual needs. They are one of the largest providers in this field and provide the people who live in their communities a wide range of guidance and support. The role is to provide a money advice service to assist maximisation of revenue through enabling residents to meet their charge obligations. To provide benefits, advocacy and debt counselling services to residents/applicants and represent applicants at tribunal if necessary. To provide support and training to the Income Collection Team and other Group staff, in welfare right matters.  Provide specialist knowledge of benefits including the welfare reforms/universal credit to support residents in maintaining their tenancy  To advise and support tenants in decisions relating to Welfare Benefits including written requests for review or appeal on the tenant’s behalf in line with legislation.  Liaise with Benefit Agencies and appropriate outside bodies to progress applications and to maximise the income of our tenants  Ensure that all customers have access to debt advice, including liaison with priority and non priority creditors to reach affordable repayment agreements.  Assist customers with the management of their day to day finances, advising of the availability of appropriate financial products to assist them with this.  Work closely with Income Officers to monitor the progress of arrears cases where there has been an intervention, effectively communicating advice given and benefit claims made .  Assist customers in maintaining their relationship with the DWP in support of benefit claims. The ideal candidate must have e xperience of providing customer focused welfare benefits and debt advice This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MoneyAdviceOfficer_job****