Title: Accountant  Group Services (**** month FTC)
Webindex: 68393679
Company: Nationwide Building Society
Description: Introduction A challenging role covering numerous areas within Group Services with a diverse and complex cost base. On top of providing crucial services to staff and customers, the Division is also approaching a demanding period of transformation as a number of our large transformation projects are now going live. A more challenging role Accounting for over 20% of the Society's cost base, the successful applicant must produce accurate MI for the division to support day to day and strategic decision making. This will involve working closely with senior members of the Group Services management team, providing strong support while challenging key decisions and future strategies within the separate divisions. As well as producing accurate monthly reporting and quarterly forecasting for Group Services, you'll also support a number of widerranging transformation initiatives for Financial Management in Group Services, such as recharging, benefits tracking, IT cost of ownership and Sourcing. A more talented person To start with, you'll need to be a qualified accountant or studying towards a professional qualification at the final stages with either ACCA or CIMA. An individual with strong Excel and Powerpoint skills and a proven ability to assimilate lots of complex data quickly and accurately, extracting the key points as you go. The personal qualities that need to be evident are a highly motivated individual, confident and professional with a keen eye for detail, you'll be comfortable dealing with colleagues at every level of the business. An employer you're proud of Our mutual status means we're here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We're always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That's why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve You put a lot into your work. But you also know you get a great deal in return. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we'll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you've come to expect, including plenty of scope for development and growth. Only employees on an open ended or fixed term contract may apply. If you would like further information regarding this opportunity, please contact the Resourcer looking after this vacancy Stuart Kelly on