Title: Commercial Account Executive Kirkintilloch
Webindex: 68675016
Company: Swinton Insurance Group
Description: Commercial Account Executive Overall purpose of this role To maximise income from new business sales and a defined panel of clients to achieve minimum required revenues. To meet and exceed client service standards. Reports to  Commercial Centre Manager Key accountabilities To achieve or exceed defined revenue targets by: prospecting for, identifying and developing new business opportunities To maximise group targets so that revenue/profit is maximised. To support placement policies with Premier Partner insurers as directed. To ensure that all client administration is transacted in accordance with procedure. To ensure that company compliance policies are adhered to with particular emphasis on FSA regulations. To maximise investment Income To undertake other tasks as defined by your line manager. Education/qualifications Good general education with qualifications ideally in English and Maths GCSE or equivalent. What we'll be looking for in you You will be a strong 'development focussed' Commercial Account Executive with substantial and demonstrably successful commercial lines experience, in all classes of business, preferably from a broker background. An understanding of commercial underwriting principles coupled with the ability to accurately assess risks. Experience of broking risks into the market. Drive and resilience to achieve objectives, maintaining focus on compliance processes, Client and quality standards. Excellent planning and organisational skills to manage work to agreed standards in conjunction with the business plan and any published service standards. Maintain timely contact with all Clients to establish good relationships and Client service and taking ownership of complex issues through to resolution. Proactive 'can do' attitude. Good IT and report writing skills. A team player, able to work under own initiative and under pressure. Understanding of small commercial business policy terms and conditions. Terms and conditions A working week of **** hours plus flexibility as required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialAccountExecutiveKirkintilloch_job****