Title: Customer Service Advisor  Claims
Webindex: 71184135
Company: Classic Consulting uk limited
Description: Customer Service Advisor Claims Assessor Salary: up to **** Position Description Use your proven technical claims handling experience in this highly customer focussed driven environment. You will be required to provide a highly professional service to customer enquiries relating to claims, handle a portfolio of claims to identify valid cases and/or decline where necessary whilst maintaining adequate cost control and working to TCF (Treating Customers Fairly) policies. Customer Service Advisor Accountabilities:  Deliver 'Superior' customer service for our clients and customers, whilst ensuring regulatory principles processes, including TCF policies are followed and delivered consistently.  Ability to view department's workload for claims and task reassignments, monitoring and setting reserves, following HCN's (high cost notification) process and escalating in accordance with the guidelines/processes.  Contribute to a 'customer driven' culture of continual improvement, take ownership and become empowered to contribute to meeting business goals.  Assist with consistent review of processes and potential risks to ensure the department operates in the most efficient manner possible, reducing transactional costs and risks to the business.  Ensure that all incoming post/emails, including priority post, new claims, queries and formal complaints are managed to published SLA's (service level agreements)  Ensure proactive communications with clients by telephone where possible and respond to general queries using best practice methods and ensure administration calls and written correspondence are handled promptly.  Ensure allocated claims set ups are properly managed, recorded and completed by ensuring full and proper data capture, case status and reserve controls and accuracy.  Performs independent reviews of policy benefits and approves expenses for claims cases based on interpretation of terms and conditions of policies and within authority limits.  Proactively handle escalated calls and ensure complaints are resolved, where possible, and logged on Respond in accordance with business policy and meet FSA guidelines.  Participates in self development, through claimsrelated training, mentoring, content specific training, as well as self feedback to Team Leader on progress.  Authorise claims for settlement within approved SACA (self approval claims authority) limits.  Works closely with the other parts of the organisation for the overall objective of improved customer service and treating all customers fairly. Customer Service Advisor Requirements  Proven experience of technical claims assessing  essential, preferably travel claims.  Selfmotivated and able to work under pressure with a high level of responsibility.  Effective time management to be able to multitask, prioritise to meet varying tasks and deadlines and delegate.  Strong communicator at all levels; verbally and written to build and maintain internal and external relationships.  To work with integrity independently or as part of a team to achieve personal and business objectives.  Good numeracy, literacy and attention to detail.  Able to selfreflect/analyse, actively seek feedback to identify strengths and personal development areas  Educated to a minimum of **** GCSE's (or equivalent) at Grade C and above or demonstrate relevant experience Customer Service Advisor Hours are: 9am  5.30pm Monday to Friday This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerServiceAdvisorClaims_job****