Title: Senior Development Underwriter ndash; Property amp;Casualty, Manchester
Webindex: 67769625
Description: Senior Development Underwriter  Property whilst underwriting individual risks within your authority levels. The majority of the account is property & casualty with premiums ranging ****  **** You would not be expected to personally underwrite specialist lines i.e. D&O and Personal Accident, but you would need to be able to sensibly discuss these risks with brokers and their clients. The Company Our client is a global insurance company with an outstanding reputation for excellence as well as market leading products and wordings. This company believes in building and maintaining long term partnerships and relationships with brokers and their clients by adding value to the companies they insure. They apply the same mind set to their employees in whom they provide considerable investment and trust. The company are highly profitable and financially secure which provides a solid platform from which to trade. Package The successful applicant will be offered a competitive salary of up to ****k as well as excellent company benefits. The Successful Applicant Previous experience within a commercial insurance development underwriting role is essential. You will need to be professional, innovative and transparent in all dealings with clients. You will behave honestly and act with integrity and embrace challenges in order to successfully exploit opportunities for superior return. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful