Title: Senior Banking Officer  Recoveries
Webindex: 68394259
Company: Bond Search Selection Ltd
Description: Officer  Recovery Management **** Year Contract We are working on behalf of an Irish Bank who is currently recruiting for experienced banking candidates to work in the group recovery management unit of the bank. The successful candidate will be primarily responsible for supporting their supervisor in the conduct of the team’s portfolio. You will also be responsible for drafting strategy papers and credit papers, maintaining the Loan Management System (ARM), reviewing security documentation, conducting due diligence on loan cases and maintaining accurate customer records (minutes, call, memo etc). Key Tasks Responsibilities: Assisting the team to conduct due diligence on assigned cases and put forward best alternatives for maximising loan recovery. Accurately inputting information onto and interpreting information from the various Bank systems. Prepare applicable strategy papers for review by supervisor. Effective liaising with Lending Operations and Belfast Drawdown Compliance on account management and adhoc queries. Prepare regular team reports, update internal MIS and complete ad hoc reports as required. Attend client meetings as required, and action follow up as instructed. Provide guidance to junior colleagues as appropriate. Ensure the administration of the team’s portfolio is carried out to the highest standard, preparing facility and instruction letters, completing legal and drawdown documentation, maintaining up to date insurance records and managing client files. Experience and Skills Required: Previous banking experience essential  3 years  Previous experience of supporting the management of a portfolio that includes investment and development property lending exposures would be beneficial. Demonstrated understanding of security commonly provided for property lending is essential. An understanding of local tax, legal and accounting regulations would be beneficial. Demonstrated ability to write and present credit applications and complete associated loan documentation obtaining technical guidance as required is essential. Understanding of net present value calculations would be beneficial but is not essential. Previous experience of working on problem cases would be an advantage Experience in the appointment and use of fixed charge receivers and / or administrators would be a distinct advantage. Knowledge of the legal processes involved in enforcing security and obtaining judgements would be beneficial. Strong analytical and numerical skills. Aptitude and desire to work in a unique environment. High degree of accuracy and attention to detailProficient in the use of suite of Microsoft packages and relevant Banking systems Salary circa ****k, depending on experience. For further information please contact Helen Sheppard at Bond Search Selection on **** **** or apply online To view our full range of similar vacancies or to register for jobs alerts via Twitter, please visit our website at www.bondselection.com As a corporate member of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC), Bond Search Selection operates as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business. We adhere to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless of age, race, sex, disability or religious belief.