Title: Compliance Team Leader  UK and 2nd Language
Webindex: 71375282
Company: Paypal
Description: Job Responsibilities: As a Team Leader in Financial Operations, you will build, develop, and lead a team of employees into a high performing team that meets or exceeds performance goals. Engage and develop your direct reports, foster an open collaborative environment where best practices are shared. Support and drive needs based initiatives through communication, coaching, best practice sharing, and calibrations. Review, communicate and coach to daily performance, quality, behaviour and attendance standards at the individual and team level. Utilize formal correction action procedures as required. (2****%) Schedule, prepare and lead the required number of ****:**** coaching and team learning sessions and standups that are interactive, engaging and agent driven based upon developmental needs (20%) Complete the required number of case/email/ phone quality reviews per teammate each month. Work cases and escalations as required. (20%) Know and support company and departmental procedures; regularly review and ensure that agents follow procedures, process flows and guidelines. (20%) Participate in teammate selection, internal talent movement, and training needs assessment and closure of knowledge gaps. (20%) Competencies: Customer Focus Listening Developing Direct Reports and Others Time Management Business Acumen Managing and Measuring Work Motivating Others Demonstrated ability to drive for results (move the needle); Understand and articulate the impact of key metrics to teammate and department results. Ability to recognize the need for and lead through change management initiates while maintaining and driving teammate engagement Ability to effectively balance company and customer needs to deliver against NPS targets and business goals Basic Qualifications: Proficiency in external systems (Internet, Office Applications), and basic knowledge of applicable or relevant internal systems and software (such as Kana, Intranet, Admin Tools, Attack, Status Change, LMS, EWFM, and any other departmentspecific tools. 0 to 2 years related experience required BS/BA degree or educational equivalent Must be fluent in English; Second language is desirable.