Title: Operational Risk Compliance Manager (Exclusive)
Webindex: 68993683
Company: MERJE
Description: Our Client My client is a financial services group operating in the UK nonstandard consumer credit and debt recovery markets. The Role They are currently looking for an individual to undertake Operational Risk amp; Compliance Reviews across all aspects of Group Functions. Sharing good practice, training, coaching and working with Senior and local management to improve risk / compliance / regulatory controls and awareness. nbsp; Responsibilities are wide ranging and will encompass the following; To lead Compliance and Operational Risk Reviews, projects and adhoc investigations in line with Compliance Monitoring Plan requirements and emerging business needs To discuss and report findings with Group and senior management To recommend solutions and work with Stakeholders on addressing areas of noncompliance and weak controls. Identification and escalation of issues to Risk and Compliance Senior Management To monitor adherence to regulation and relevant Operational Risk amp; Compliance policies, processes and code compliance levels Review and approval of customer literature Review of Policy and Procedural changes Production and management of clear, accurate and timely Operational Risk amp; Compliance Monitoring MI Preparation of presentations and briefing packs for approval and submission to Risk and Compliance Senior Management Assist local management through training / coaching where necessary and provide oversight and proactive management for key Operational Risk areas (e.g. Business Continuity, RCSA, Information Security) Attendance at and / or participation in Operational / Project meetings to share good practice, risk amp; compliance knowledge and build relationships To lead fraud investigations to ensure timely and accurate investigations and closures To liaise and communicate with Regulatory bodies in relation to customer complaints and enforcement Key Requirements The ideal candidate will have; Familiarity with current good and emerging practice in risk and compliance monitoring. Familiarity with key regulations affecting the business e.g. OFT, DPA, FSA. Broad understanding and awareness of risk management and compliance disciplines and concepts. Excellent grasp of legislative and regulatory framework. A good understanding of risk management and corporate governance principles and frameworks. nbsp; A working knowledge of Risk amp; Control Self Assessment would also be desirable Intelligent and articulate individual with strong analytical skills A good team player who is positive, flexible and adaptable Comfortable with working independently in a fast paced and changing environment Highly effective communicator (both oral and written) who enjoys, and is good at, dealing with people across a broad spectrum of levels and functions within the organisation. Ability to manage workloads and competing priorities.