Title: Motor Insurance Claims Handler
Webindex: 71561267
Company: Job Place
Description: We are looking to recruit Claims Handlers to work in our brand new Centre in Segensworth. Role Responsibilities The successful applicants will need to efficiently and accurately manage the claim process allocated to the role holder from initiation to conclusion ensuring process and timescales are adhered to. You will aim to deliver ‘world class’ customer service by providing high levels of customer care and integrity to internal and external customers. You must maximise opportunities through proficient communication, negotiation and persuasion skills. The main accountabilities for the role are: Handle all cases at the stage of the claims process allocated to the role holder in an efficient and accurate manner. Ensure all cases are fully prepared, appropriate letters, phone calls and actions have been sent/made/undertaken to agreed processes and timescales. Performance is expected to meet and exceed company targets including but not limited to data accuracy, capture, conversion, call quality, average handling time, process adherence, compliance and cash recovery, as appropriate to the role holder. Accurately diagnose issues through effective and relevant questioning. Answer all customer enquiries/questions fully using appropriate behaviours, including any timescales for actions/follow up to take place. Ability to effectively manage own workload, cope when under pressure.Record accurate, clear and detailed notes that fully represent all communication undertaken with all parties, internal or external to the business. Escalate issues in a timely manner to prevent unnecessary complaints or leakage. Qualifications Experience Required You will need to be educated to GCSE level or equivalent, to include English and Math’s. We are seeking applicants who are computer literate and possess excellent customer service skills. It is essential, that candidates have previous experience of claims management and ideally have experience of Motor Insurance. You must possess effective soft skills such as communication, negotiation and persuasion, for handling both internal and external customers. Above all candidates must have excellent verbal and listening skills and be a team player. If you feel that you meet the requirements for this position then please apply now stating your salary expectations in your covering application