Title: SOX Controls Specialist, Retail Banking
Webindex: 72245553
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: This Role is responsible for supporting the business and individual Process/Control Owners to achieve SOX and internal control compliance for Financial Control. The individual will work with the business to facilitate remediation, testing, change control, attestation and also provide advice and training as necessary in terms of improving the overall control environment and efficiencies. Key areas of focus are:  SOX attestation coordination  SOX Issue evaluation and BU/function support  Finance RCA management 1. Business Partnering Change management  Provide advice to the business (including projects and change teams) in order to facilitate the process of ensuring that all SOX and other financial reporting relevant changes are documented,  Experience working in a consultancy/professional audit firm.  Completed formal accounting or business qualification e.g. CIMA, ACCA, ACA orMBA.  High level understanding of financial control frameworks (auditing).  Ability to review control testing and challenge issues and test results.  Ability to articulate and escalate issues as appropriate.  Confidence in dealing with senior stakeholders in relation to ensuring we have adequate controls which are efficient and operating effectively.  Excellent attention to detail.  Extensive SOX experience.  Use of Microsoft Office products  primarily Outlook, Excel Word.  Exposure to auditing / controls envir SOX Controls Specialist, Retail Banking accountant required in Canary Wharf based Retail Banking giant. Required to be Qualified ACCA, ACA or CIMA and SOX attestation and issuance experience, from Banking or Big 4 background with Financial Services  Base salary **** to ****  Excellent company benefits package.  Competitive bonus scheme. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SOXControlsSpecialistRetailBanking_job****