Title: Regional HR Officer/Manager
Webindex: 69994056
Company: Chase and Holland
Description: Interim Regional HR Officer/Manager role on a 12 month contract is on offer for respected business in Nottinghamshire. This role will see you form part of a Regional HR Team reporting directly into the Senior HR Manager. On a day to day basis this role will see you have complete involvement in:  Managing recruitment processes for line managers throughout the business.  Performance management  Providing employee relations advice to line managers  Overseeing Health Safety across different sites  Disciplinary and grievance matters  Induction training  Maintenance of all company policies and procedures, ensuring all are filtered to staff across different sites  Support line managers to make sure the correct redundancy policies and procedures are carried out.  To support regional HR Managers in the day to day management of HR administration staff and their workload. This role will suit an experienced HR professional who is able to `hit the ground running` and able to adapt and learn company processes and policies quickly, recent TUPE experience would also be highly advantageous. This role will also see you working with line managers based regionally and some travel to different sites is expected. You will be an experienced professional who is either CIPD qualified or qualified through your experience and is looking to take on a challenging but rewarding role. In return is a competitive salary plus car allowance and benefits. Chase and Holland specialise in Finance (Commerce Industry and Professional Practice) and HR recruitment. We comfortably service the South Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire and Lincolnshire marketplaces. We are currently recruiting for a number of businesses that are looking for candidates across a number of sectors. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to you on this occasion your application has not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalHROfficerManager_job****