Title: Senior Data Planner  Client side
Webindex: 68845150
Company: MBN Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Senior Data Planner  Client side Up to c****K cash package excellent bonus and benefits Rare opportunity for a Senior Data Planner to join a top ftse client side company. There is massive investment in training and career development and flexi working hours and opportunity for home working. The role is to provide an Insight driven approach to campaigning through the strategy, planning and design of campaigns to increase the profitability of the business and to drive a culture where customers are treated fairly and are properly informed. Main responsibilities:  Engage with other business units to deliver maximum returns against business objectives through the utilisation of data strategy  Ensure that business requirements of specific area of responsibility are clearly understood and advise on the best approach to fulfil these with the data and tools available, to enable the business to achieve the desired business benefits  Deliver a Customer/Prospect focused approach to all communications  Ensure that Insight and measurement are at the heart of all marketing communications  Liaise closely with Measurement and Effectiveness team to define campaign performance criteria  Drive targeting and testing strategies to monitor the effectiveness and to facilitate improvements in campaign value, customer contact and campaign performance across all campaigns in order to obtain the best return on investment for the business.  Ensure that appropriate controls and processes are implemented to report on the performance of all of the implemented campaigns  Work with Campaign Delivery team to establish and manage team s capability to deliver campaign selections for a wide range of campaigns  Work with the Operations team to enable the delivery of these audiences to the appropriate channel or point of contact and to optimise data usage to meet campaign objectives Requirements:  At least 23 years in a similar role  Sound understanding of marketing campaign strategies and campaign evaluation to enable effectiveness measurement against campaigns.  Comprehensive knowledge of the full marketing mix.  Sound understanding of the campaign targeting toolkit including data interrogation and manipulation skills, campaign management and analysis tools, predictive and descriptive modelling.  Solid understanding of data. Databases and processes to enable optimal campaign delivery, planning and effectiveness.  Knowledge and understanding of the business key performance indicators. If you would like to apply then send an updated CV asap to petermbnrecruitment.com or call me on ****