Title: CMBS/ABS Analysts
Webindex: 71372585
Company: Euro London Appointments
Description: We are currently recruiting on behalf of an international company for experienced analysts to join both their CMBS and ABS Teams. Your role will be to manage a portfolio of securitisation transactions across Europe. This role is ideal for candidates seeking hands on deal related experience, the responsibility to form a view on all credit aspects of structures. Your main duties will include: • Rating analysis of EMEA transactions, involving collateral analysis, cash flow modelling and legal documentation review. • Preparing and publishing articles on relevant topics • Monitoring the performance of transactions • Close cooperation with external market participants including investment banks, originators, law firms and investors In order to be successful you will have the following experience: • Proven experience within a financial institution, audit, legal or consulting firm. Experience with either CMBS or ABS analysis • Credit skills and logical analytical thought process, • Exposure to cash flow and financial models. • Good understanding of financial markets. • Strong academic background degree in a Mathematical, Economic, Legal or Business subject. • Relevant professional qualification (eg CFA) would be desirable. • Proven analytical capacity. Well developed IT skills including Excel. • Strong interpersonal and communication, skills • Highest ethical standards. • Professional, proactive, flexible, diligent and dependable. Fluency in another European language would be highly desirable. This is an excellent opportunity to work for a market leader. Thank you for applying to Euro London Appointments, the UK's largest independent language consultancy. We aim to respond as promptly as possible to your application, however, due to the high level of CVs we receive we are only able to respond to applicants whose profile matches our Client’s requirements. To enquire about other vacancies please visit our website at www.eurolondon.com. Please note that in order to process your CV we must receive it in a Word document.