Title: HR Adviser **** mth Contract
Webindex: 71905923
Description: HR Adviser: We have an opportunities to join an established growing team based in Brighton. This role supports the HR Business Partner in all aspects and is a FTC until March 2014. Purpose of Role: Supporting and working together with the HR Business Partner team. The provision of effective service delivery of employee lifecycle administration and HR operations, including recruitment activities. Core Accountabilities: Liaising with the HR Business Partners to provide administration and advice on all aspects of HRBP work including HR solutions, policies and procedures, ensuring accurate, efficient and consistent outputs Working with the HR Business Partners on employee relations cases to include Disciplinary, Grievance and Capability including note taking and individual case administration. Liaising with external providers and ensuring that Occupational Health referrals are administered appropriately and in a timely manner and advising employees of the process. Supporting the Business Partners as they provide guidance to managers when creating or revising organisational role descriptions. Responsible for ensuring that role descriptions are correctly formatted and published on our intranet. Supporting the HR Business Partners in recruitment activity including conducting competency interviews as required The provision of complex and accurate MI and case information in a timely manner. Provision of front line query handling relating to the employee lifecycle and escalating where necessary. Provide routine and specialist HR transactional service delivery Communicating effectively with all key internal and external stakeholders Suggesting improvements to administration and coordination of activity relating to team processes and objectives Providing specific end to end support for adhoc projects, processes and coordination as directed by the Business Partners Essential Criteria: Strong communication and stakeholder liaison skills Proven Human Resources experience Experience of conducting competency based interviews Understanding of current employment legislation Accurate minute and note taking and administration of case files. Evidence of confidentiality when working with sensitive information Working Knowledge of Data Protection Act / Freedom of Information principles Proficient in standard Office IT software applications HR specific software applications If you are interested in this position and want to know more please call Abigail Worth on **** 720166 or Email abigail.worthhays.com