Title: AUDIT SENIOR, Top 20 firm  Kent office
Webindex: 69598413
Company: Prospect Recruitment Ltd
Description: Due to changes within their sizeable audit assurance team in Maidstone, I am helping my client find a professional audit senior who has the experience and confidence to lead some audits and to provide support on others. It is likely that you will be working for one of the larger Kent firms or looking to relocate to Kent and join one of the largest high profile firms in the region. This is a rare opportunity to benefit from working for a Top 20 firm while enjoy the advantages of working within closeknit regional office. The Role: You will be auditing a wide range of entities from SME’s to AIM listed companies and groups, either leading or working under one of the more experienced staff who may well know the client from previous years. I have previously placed a Senior into this team who latterly enjoyed a internal secondment to corporate finance. While not guaranteed by any means, there is often a greater potential for such a move within a firm of this size and after a reasonable period within the initial role. The Candidate: Part or fully qualified ICAEW or ACCA (or equivalent) Someone of a sociable and confident nature UK Gaap experience essential IFRS experience beneficial (theoretical knowledge is essential) Previous experience in a role that comprises at least 50% audit Someone who is keen to develop their career The ability to work to tight deadlines The Benefits: Friendly Kent offices, removing the need to commute to the City if you do so at present Progression/promotion prospects Competitive benefits package One of the higher paying firms in Kent Continued professional development Thank you for viewing this vacancy. Please rest assured that all applications are reviewed by an experienced consultant at Prospect Recruitment Ltd. Regrettably, due to the high volume of applications we receive, only those we feel are suitable for this role or alternative vacancies will be contacted by us. Please apply now for further information. We represent positions in the following disciplines: Accountancy, Audit, Taxation, Insolvency, Corporate Finance and Business Recovery. More information is available at prospectrecruitment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AUDITSENIORTop20firmKentoffice_job****