Title: Portfolio Manager  Construction & Engineering
Webindex: 68561045
Company: Resource Management
Description: The Portfolio Manager role will involve leading the strategic and tactical development and performance of a portfolio of risks, in line with agreed business strategy and performance targets. You will spend the majority of your time leading the development and management of allocated portfolios, contributing to marketing and business development activities and providing technical knowledge and expertise. You will use your strong strategic thinking, planning and relationship management skills to take a strategic view across and make commercial decisions regarding your allocated portfolios. We issued our first insurance policy 300 years ago. Since then we've gone on to become one of the world's largest and most successful insurance groups, helping over 20 million customers across the globe. Our aim to help customers protect themselves may have stayed the same, but at RSA we never stand still. Responsibilities will include: Leading the development and agreement of strategies for one or more allocated portfolios of risks, agreeing the associated risk appetite, underwriting philosophy and pricing strategy, in order to achieve the agreed business strategy and targets. Managing the performance of the allocated portfolios through compliance controls, accumulation monitoring, performance monitoring, cycle management and portfolio forecasting to ensure agreed targets and standards are met. Ensuring the long term development of allocated portfolios through the management of product development, based on portfolio performance, market intelligence, R D insight, legal developments and emerging risks. Liaising with Reinsurers and/or internal Reinsurance teams to achieve the desired levels of cover on appropriate commercial terms and/or exploit appropriate reinsurer capacity, data and expertise to maximise profitable portfolio growth Actively contributing to the development of segment and local customer propositions, and associated sales planning and account development, bringing knowledge and insight of the market and its risks, proactively identifying opportunities to increase penetration of existing customers and/or expand the business mix. Additional Responsibilities Works with the Global Portfolio Leader  C E to prepare the C E Financial Reporting and Business Planning Oversight of the Global C E RI treaty programme processes Based in London with Global Travel The successful candidate to will have a strong understanding of the Construction Engineering Market and Technologies /or a proven track record as a commercial insurance Portfolio Manager. They will have the ability to lead in a Matrix environment and experience of influencing at a Senior and Executive level. Also there is a key focus on building and maintaining a network of business relationships internally and externally collaborating effectively across internal and external boundaries and cultures to achieve common goals. To be part of an organisation that wants you to feel energised at work, to love what you do and keep your career moving please forward a copy of your CV.