Title: Pricing Actuary  Reinsurance
Webindex: 71858079
Company: VISIR
Description: A leading Reinsurer is seeking a Pricing Actuary to join their market leading Protection team. This is a unique opportunity to work in a high calibre team in a fun, relaxed and rewarding environment. Working in a team, analyse reinsurance tenders to determine appropriate pricing assumptions and calculate reinsurance premium rates by modelling the business. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Manage the process of compiling a tender response for specific quotes. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; To ensure timely delivery of accurate quotes to clients middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; To maintain and develop the companies pricing function and ensure appropriate procedures and processes are followed within the team. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Understand clients rsquo; products and objectives, to formulate appropriate advice. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Provide clear documentation of best estimate pricing assumptions and profit metrics for each client. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Obtain senior management approval by explaining the main features of the business to be reinsured and justifying the choice of pricing assumptions. nbsp; You will be a nearly or newly qualified actuary with experience, preferably in the UK life insurance or reinsurance market. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Capability of leading quote process for individual quote Ability to analyse quote including, self consistency, comparison to other quotes and market positioning. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Strong IT skills with good understanding of MS Excel amp; Access and experience of at least one actuarial modelling package. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Ability to write and maintain code in VBA or similar language would be an advantage. This is a highly sought after position so please apply online now for immediate consideration.