Title: Senior Communications Leader
Webindex: 71109981
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: An excellent opportunity for a Pensions Communications expert has arisen within a leading consultancy. We are looking to recruit a Senior Communications Leader to work a broad range of corporate clients on differing contracted schemes. This is an exciting time to work as part of the team. You get involved in all aspects of pensions communications, being involved in business pitches, writing, designing and producing strategic communication data for existing schemes. Your work will be integral to the overall strategic direction within the team and you will support the implementation and development of DC and communications strategies. Use your excellent communications skills to manage and strengthen relationships with key stakeholders and support the development of online self service to deliver accurate data to members. Be responsible for a growing team, developing individuals and facilitating in training needs where necessary. You will also lead the project management for all key communication projects. This will encompass budget setting and ensure necessary levels of member involvement. The position would suit a strong communications individual ideally from a pensions background. The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic, energetic and articulate with a passion for taking the division forward. The client provides a stimulating and dynamic working environment where individual contribution to the success of the business is well rewarded and recognised. They offer highly attractive reward packages. They are aware of how integral their employees are to their progress, so they ensure that everyone shares in that success The reward strategy is simple  to be the Employer of Choice in the Insurance Industry. That strategy was recognised by The Sunday Times in **** when they were named one of the Top 10 employers in the UK. Your remuneration package will be determined by your individual contract of employment. Whilst this varies from company to company, typical benefits can include:  Annual Bonus  Employee share schemes  Flexible Benefit Scheme  Generous holiday entitlement  Pension Plan  Private healthcare scheme  Assistance with studying for Professional Qualifications  Sports and Leisure Clubs The client values innovation from employees, so they like to be innovative in their approach to reward and recognition. Ideas like this put them ahead of the competition time and again We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated 1 month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. An excellent opportunity for a Pensions Communications expert has arisen within a leading consultancy. We are looking to recruit a Senior Communications Leader to work a broad range of corporate clients on differing contracted schemes. This is an exciting time to work as part of the team. You get involved in all aspects of pensions communications, being involved in business pitches, writing, designing and producing strategic communication data for existing schemes. Your work will be integral to the overall strategic direction within the team and you will support the implementation and development of DC and communications strategies. Use your excellent communications skills to manage and strengthen relationships with key stakeholders and support the development of online self service to deliver accurate data to members. Be responsible for a growing team, developing individuals and facilitating in training needs where necessary. You will also lead the project management for all key communication projects. This will encompass budget setting and ensure necessary levels of member involvement. The position would suit a strong communications individual ideally from a pensions background. The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic, energetic and articulate with a passion for taking the division forward. We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated 1 month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.