Title: Micro Loan Fund Manager
Webindex: 68700515
Company: Randstad
Description: About Our Client: My client is one of the UK?s largest regional SME investment companies and provides growth capital for small and mediumsized businesses (SMEs) in the UK. The Group has funds of ?387 million under management and comprises the fund managers , which invest in SMEs as well as a business angel network. The Group can make debt and equity investments of up to ?2 million at all stages (early stage, development capital, as well as succession and acquisition) and also structures followon investments for its portfolio. The Group also syndicates/coinvests. Job Responsibilities: The Fund Manager is responsible for providing management and leadership for the operations and employees of the Investments Micro Loan Fund Team. The Fund Manager is also responsible for delivering outputs as determined by the group?s Boards of Directors through the judicious and considered placement of investments. The Fund Manager is responsible for complying with investment policies and credit control procedures. The Fund Manager is responsible for a team of up to 5 direct reports, including responsibility for managing an external Fund Manager. Essential Skills: ? Understanding of all aspects relating to debt investment ? Understanding of risk assessment and investment processes and procedures ? Credible, able to negotiate with confidence and represent the organisation in the local business community ? Extensive direct investment experience (equivalent  Minimum 5 years) ? IT literate to include the use of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Lotus Notes, Sage Winforecast ? Driving Licence Preferred Skills: ? Accountancy or Banking Qualification ? Knowledge and understanding of the role of the public sector in SME finance ? Understanding of the regional business environment ? Presentation Skills ? Welsh speaker Personal Attributes: ? Strong communication, influencing and interpersonal skills at board and team level ? Self starter, able to take initiative and motivate others ? Ability to prioritise and organise work under pressure ? Strong leadership and motivational skills, demonstrable experience in building and inspiring new teams to achieve corporate goals Associated Benefits: ? ?30?****K pa depending on experience ? 30 days annual leave plus bank holidays ? Pension ? Contributory health plan ? Discretionary annual bonus ? Facility to claim back parking costs This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MicroLoanFundManager_job****