Title: Development Executive (North west  Preston/Bolton/Blackburn)
Webindex: 68621325
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Development Executive (North west  Preston/Bolton/Blackburn) ****k  ****k plus OTE, Car, bonus, phone, laptop and generous benefits package An rare opportunity has arisen within a leading national brokerage for a Development Executive with a track record of success, focussing on cross class commercial business. The Role The Development Executive will be responsible for building a book of crossclass commercial clients, working to set new business targets, reporting to the Sales Director. Leads and data will be provided, whilst the successful individual will also be capable of working in a proactive manner developing opportunities through networking, cold calling, referrals, direct mail campaigns and potentially existing or previous relationships with clients. They will manage the sales cycle through prospecting, factfinding, presenting/proposals to client and ultimately winning the business. The Company Our client is an extremely well respected insurance brokerage with a genuine national presence whilst retaining a client driven mentality and an entrepreneurial, dynamic approach. The company has been in business for over 100 years, offering industry leading customer service and the best range of products available in the market to a variety of clients from sole traders to large companies. The Successful Applicant The successful applicant will already be working in a development focussed role within the commercial insurance market; they might be an executive who can demonstrate considerable success within a provincial/independent brokerage and be ready to move forward in their career, or perhaps someone at a traditional national who would like more entrepreneurial freedom and a more dynamic environment. There is an opportunity for this progressive individual to build and subsequently lead a team around themselves and so need to have sound acumen as well as considerable tenacity and ambition. Package The salary for this position is open ended depending on experience and ability, potentially starting between ****k****k (perhaps higher for an exceptional candidate). There is also a fantastic bonus structure and package available. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.