Title: Accounts/Audit Manager  partnership potential
Webindex: 66497904
Company: Austin Rose
Description: Are you an experienced general practice manager seeking a role that offers the opportunity to manager the portfolio of the Senior Partner of one of London's most prestigious mid tier firms? Are you interested in finding a role with no barriers to reaching partnership? Our client is an established and high quality West End accountancy firm with a strong international association. The role will report directly to the Senior Partner, working on a portfolio of over 1m in fee income (although you may not be expected to manage the entire portfolio) which includes clients ranging from small entrepreneurial businesses to large multinational groups. In addition to the corporate clients and not for profit organisations, there is also a significant amount of HNWIs within the portfolio, including significant numbers of nondoms and trusts. The sectors of clients ranges significantly but has a strong legal element including barristers and chambers. The role has a true general practice flavour and therefore the successful candidate will have significant exposure to audit, accounts and taxation in addition to the client facing skills and internal management experience. There is no junior partner within this portfolio, as is usual within the firm, and therefore there is a natural and open pathway for a strong candidate to progress to partnership in the medium term. The successful candidate will:  be ACA or ACCA qualified with an excellent academic background  have a stable career with demonstrable evidence of progression and achievement  demonstrate strong exposure to audit, accounts and taxation  have at least 2 years within a management role In exchange you will have the opportunity to progress rapidly in a position and environment that offers excellent exposure to an exceptional partner and portfolio. Please call me to discuss this role further or apply online for immediate consideration. If you are seeking an Accounts/Audit Manager job in London contact Austin Rose, the Accountancy Practice Recruitment Specialists.