Title: PPI Claims Handler Bolton
Webindex: 71795469
Company: CVbrowser
Description: PPI Claims Handler Bolton ****  **** Upon Experience  Benefits We are currently recruiting an experienced PPI Claims Handler to join our clients new department. You will be contacting prospective clients who may have been misssold PPI (Payment Protection Insurance), identifying which clients can qualify for a valid claim, then handling and progressing that claim up until the final outcome. Experience in this field is essential. In return for your skills and experience they offer a competitive salary, a superb working environment, along with flexible working hours. PPI Claims Handler Job Description Identifying clients that will qualify for a valid claim and those that do not Personally handling an individual clients claim from start to finish Handling administration for each individual client/creditor throughout each claim up until the final outcome Handling and prequalifying new client enquiries Issuing initial complaint correspondence to creditors Updating clients on the progress of their claims and dealing with daytoday inbound enquiries Complying with the companies Data Protection policies Draft necessary letters and reports Completion of correct banking and direct debit forms etc in order to ensure that monies are handled and dealt with correctly Ensure all cases are compliant in accordance with regulatory requirements Achieve all KPI and personal objectives agreed with respective Manager on a quarterly basis Attend internal or external training events Key knowledge, skills and experience Experience of working within a financial claim, PPI Claims management business is essential Excellent administration skills and attention to detail Excellent verbal and non verbal communication skills Computer literate, MS Word, excel , and email Able to work in a target driven environment Proactive and selfmotivated Good mathematic and problem solving skills Ability to adapt to changing work situations and to be receptive to new approaches and ideas Good knowledge of internal processes and procedures Good understanding of how relevant statutory regulations impact on the role Salary / Benefits / Working hours: Competitive Salary of up to **** upon experience Superb working environment Friendly and supportive team Office opening hours are 8am to ****.30pm Monday to Friday Saturday 8am to 4.00pm It is possible to work flexible working hours as long as the 7 hours daily requirement is completed. All flexible working hours must be agreed by the respective manager. It is expected that employees will work hours outside of the core hours when appropriate. All appropriate support will be given in order to encourage development of all employees. Applications If you possess the relevant PPI Claims Experienced to conduct the role advertised, please apply today. Please ensure your CV is provided in Word format (sorry no .pdf) including your salary expectations and availability. Email Jayne Kaye Recruitment Consultant jayne[at]aspexrecruitment[dot]co[dot]uk Aspex Recruitment PPI Claims Handler, PPI Claims Administrator, PPI Recovery Agent, PPI Claims Advisor, Payment Protection Insurance Claims Advisor. Bolton, Kearsley, Farnworth, Little Lever, Great Lever, Walkden, Worsley, Boothstown, Whitefield, Wardley, Swinton, Salford, Greater Manchester, Manchester and surrounding areas.