Title: Junior Risk Analyst  The City
Webindex: 70420343
Company: E Resources Ltd
Description: Our client are a successful Lloyds syndicate and currently have a great opportunity for someone to join them as a Risk Analyst. nbsp; The successful candidate will perform a key support role within the Syndicate with very considerable career development potential. You will report directly to the Chief Risk Officer and will work to support both the capital actuary and the exposure management specialists in performing risk analytics and reporting. Salary on offer is pound;**** nbsp; Experience required nbsp; Catastrophe Modelling support Knowledge/experience required Familiarity with capital modelling and/or catastrophe modelling practices (ideal) Excellent statistical/analytical skills to be able to interrogate and interpret data Excellent academic background and strong communication skills Ability to work well as part of a team Proficient user of Excel/Access/SQL (VBA ideal) The successful candidate will be a proactive and innovative team player with a strong desire to learn and develop both technically and commercially. The role will offer the successful candidate significant career development potential as the business continues to grow. nbsp; Key Responsibilities: nbsp; Enterprise Risk Management Reporting, Capital Modelling and Exposure Management/Catastrophe Modelling. You will be expected to nbsp; Update existing risk amp; capital models and reports using internally approved methodologies and processes. Coordinate inputs from many sources while managing tight deadlines and priorities. Suggest ways to refine the process of gathering, analysing and reporting information to achieve better efficiency and accuracy. Reconcile and document significant changes in modelled results and reported risk metrics and communicate the underlying drivers to stakeholders. Perform individual submission catastrophe modelling using third party catastrophe models and communicate results to the business users. Support the Risk Management team in the production of various risk studies for various purposes including business strategy assessments and external risk assessments. Provide support in preparation for various presentations/meetings and regulatory submissions. nbsp;