Title: PRIVATE EQUITY TRAVEL BUSINESS: INTERIM FC
Webindex: 67102845
Company: Hays Senior Finance
Description: A rapidly growing, private equity backed travel business based in Central London (****mn t/o) is looking to recruit an exceptional interim Financial Controller to transition the business through a period of rapid growth. The role sits within a dynamic, high calibre team based in Central London working with talented finance professionals. This role will initially be an interim position but it may develop into a long term opportunity for the right candidate. The main responsibility of the Financial Controller is to lead the team and ensure the smooth running of the Finance Department. The current standard requires improvement therefore the business needs a strong problem solver to review, improve and streamline processes across the Finance Department. Working along side the CFO the position will also involve overseeing a twenty five strong transactional team with three direct reports. The successful candidate will be responsible for overseeing the production of the monthly management accounts, preparing the business for audit as well as managing the day to day demands of the finance department. The successful candidate will be a Qualified ACA/ACCA/CIMA with previous experience working as a financial controller, leading a team in a fastpaced, highly commercial business. They will be able to demonstrate excellence in financial performance, management reporting and staff management from previous roles. Experience working for a private equity business is ideal. They candidate must be a proactive, dynamic individual who enjoys impoving and developing processes and controls whilst working to tight deadlines. This role is an excellent first step into a business that may turn into a long term career development opportunity. If you have the relevant skill set and want to be considered for this role please do not delay in applying as the client is looking to appoint this role immediately.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk