Title: Lead Application Support Analyst  Physical Oil Trading
Webindex: 68393626
Company: Earth Stream
Description: Essential skills: Demonstrable experience of working within an energy trading organisation within a front office department working closely with physical oil traders; proven track record of working as a lead within a team of business support specialists; experience working on and supporting a range of ETRM systems such as Solarc, Triplepoint, Aligne, Openlink etc; technical support expertise in SQL, Windows and / or Linux. Desirable experience: knowledge of the Gas and Power trading world; degree educated in a computer science or maths based subject. The role will sit within a busy Physical Oil trading function and will be support all the technical and business needs of a dynamic and entrepreneurial trading team. The role will mentor and manage two more junior application support team members, however this role will still require the successful individual to be involved in the hands on support. Due to the tight nature of the team, all members will be required to carry out all levels of support from level one to three. There will be a shift rota in place to support the London and Geneva businesses however overnight support will be handed over to US and Singapore support based functions. Day to day the role will support the users across a number of ETRM systems liaising with business users and developing strong relationships with front office users. You will identify, present and propose areas and processes for improvement. In short you will have sole responsibility for the support of the application environment during trading hours. The role will solely focus on the Physical oil team with a separate gas and power team working close by. Therefore any knowledge of Gas and Power would be highly beneficial so cross training and use of staff within the two teams can happen. For more details please call Ben Davis on **** **** **** or drop me a line to ben.davisearthstreamglobal.com