Title: Group Management Accountant  FTSE 100
Webindex: 68674886
Company: Badenoch & Clark   London 
Description: An opportunity for a newly qualified or finalist level accountant to join a FTSE 100 technology business in Central London. A leader in innovation and development across the technology sector, the company has been a consistent FTSE 100 performer and continue to out perform their competition. They offer an inclusive work environment with ample opportunity for progression. The Group Accountant will support a number of stakeholders across the HQ finance function, principle responsibilities will include;  Daily  maintaining and reconciling accounting ledgers for the head office treasury companies.  Monthly  management accounts for a small portfolio of financing companies and a reconciliation of the group intercompany balances.  Semi/Annual  elements of consolidation work, analysis for results presentations and preparation of statutory accounts. Detailed Responsibilities:  Maintain up to date bank reconciliations for all treasury bank accounts.  Upload daily transaction data from the treasury management system to the accounting system, and resolve any problems arising.  Manage the trial balance, monthly and statutory reporting of a small portfolio of head office financing companies.  Monitor and coordinate the resolution of intercompany mismatches across the group for the monthly results, working with the divisional reporting teams to ensure that all issues are resolved.  Review the completeness of supplementary analysis information submitted as part of the monthly reporting process for the financial planning and analysis manager.  Carry out assigned programmes of work as part of the half year and year end processes to prepare the stock exchange results announcements, identifying trends and variances and collating explanations for these movements.  Support the financial planning and analysis manager in the preparation of additional analysis for the results presentations for the half year and year end.  Complete investment and employee surveys required by the Office of National Statistics.  Involvement in ad hoc project work within the wider head office accounting team. Previous experience with a FTSE 250 business and some exposure to treasury accounting would be an advantage. You will also be expected to demonstrate an intermediate ability in Excel. www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GroupManagementAccountantFTSE100_job****