Title: Resourcing Coordinator (Full or Part Time)
Webindex: 69208639
Description: We are currently recruiting for a Resourcing Coordinator to work onsite for a prestigious client of ours. You will support the Resource Consultants/Senior Resource Consultants and Account Manager by providing recruitment administration, management information and invoicing support. This role can be full time or part time (over **** shorter days) Main duties will include:  Organisation of client/candidate interviews, including booking meeting rooms.  Support the referencing and onboarding process for new permanent starters.  Focused on customer satisfaction and quality at all times.  Keep the recruitment management systems up to date will all recruitment activity.  Enter all recruitment costs onto Evolution & Reconcile monthly invoices with live forecasting spreadsheet  Produce accurate and timely management information in line with account requirements.  Produce standard letters and documentation as requested.  Carry out ad hoc projects as requested, including reporting, research projects, pay rate benchmarking etc.  Respond to adhoc management information requests in a timely manage whilst managing expectations accordingly  Spot trends and identify errors whilst producing the reports and escalate to the Account Manager as required  To be accountable for the delivery of all reports for the account.  To deal with queries from candidates and suppliers.  To keep electronic and manual records to comply with organisational, legal and statutory requirements. We are looking for candidates with the following skills and experience:  Strong administration experience including intermediate Excel skills  Strong and effective communication skills  written and verbal  Ability to work with deadlines with high level of accuracy  Highly numerate with a proven attention to detail  Proactive, committed, independent and confident  Organised and with an ability to follow through  Positive & motivating  Strong team player who leads by example  Flexible and adaptable with good time management skills  Passion for customer service within client development and candidate care  Total discretion  Quality focused  Experience in a Resourcer/Administrator capacity within recruitment industry would be advantageous as would a knowledge of recruitment databases. If you are interested in applying for this vacancy please submit your application on line. For alternative methods of applying please contact the resourcing team.