Title: Principal/Managing Consultant
Webindex: 72425166
Description: Suiko are aleading Operational Excellence consultancy firm. Suiko work with major client organisations and have developed long standing relationships with a number of BlueChip companies. Continued growth is on the business agenda and the company needs to recruit an experienced and exceptional Managing Consultant or Principal to underpin this growth. Part of the senior team, this role will provide leadership for and drive delivery of large scale transformation programmes across multiple clients and sectors. In order to be considered you will need to be able to fulfil a remit that includes: Delivery of business transformation programmes through Operational Excellence Effective leadership of project and programme teams across multiple client sites Sales of repeat assignments and projects within existing client base and the development of new business and sales opportunities within target markets Driving best practice in delivery and champion the continuous enhancement of the Suiko brand, network and service Broadening the service offering to enable further value added solutions to be delivered to clients Who we re looking for A background in Operational Excellence will be welcome but broader programme management skills will also be considered. An experienced management consultant who has a proven track record of successful delivery is a prerequisite. A demonstrable appetite and clear ability to sell programmes of work and to promote the Suiko brand is also required. The successful candidate will be able to ensure that projects and programmes of work are delivered to the highest quality standards; and will also be able to develop effective and enduring client relationships. Whilst your current company size is not the defining factor, you will need to have delivered work streams of a significant size and scope through teams of consultants. Your background is therefore likely to include the leadership and project management of significant transformation programmes delivered in complex and multisite organisations. You will have considerable personal impact, backed up by highly developed analytical and conceptual thinking abilities. You will also be able to demonstrate highly effective team leadership and relationship management competencies. A desire to develop others in the process of delivery is also vital as is a degree level education. Suiko are a UK based company with a head office in the South West, but with a nationwide customer base, the successful candidate need not be based locally. About our client Suiko's mission is to help major companies achieve sustainable competitive advantage through the successful delivery of business transformation programmes. The company's exceptional reputation has been built by a dynamic, highly skilled and experienced team of consultants who consistently deliver and exceed client expectations allowing them to establish and retain long term profitable relationships. This is reflected by the number of household brands on their client list and the repeat assignments that are derived from these long standing associations. The company promotes a positive work/life balance and is committed to providing opportunities for their people to develop themselves as well as their clients. They strive to provide a stimulating, rewarding and growth orientated workplace for a team with common goals and shared values. Their strength within the consultancy field has been recognised at the CMI National Management and Leadership Awards where Suiko received the IC Consultancy Practice of the Year Award for 2012. What s on offer Excellent  OTE