Title: Internal Auditor  Leeds
Webindex: 68223913
Description: Our established, Top 10 UK, professional services client has branches Nationwide and they are currently looking for an Internal Auditor to join their team. This fantastic opportunity is based in Leeds. Main Purpose of Job To work with the Internal Audit team to ensure timely and accurate delivery of technical IA audits at clients sites. Key responsibilities  Manage, perform and control internal audit assignments and to assist Senior Auditors/Assistant Managers with more complex audits  Assisting and advising new trainees on completion of working papers, files and ad hoc support. In some areas this may include supervision of discrete assignments.  Planning and preparation: understand requirements of each assignment such as timing, location, work requirement; complete relevant background research; arrange necessary appointments with the client in advance.  Factfinding: interview operational and management staff at clients sites to be able to identify, document and evaluate the actual controls in place.  Testing: determine the testing strategy, including direction of testing, sample sizes and detail required. Undertaking testing in line with the testing strategy and evaluate the significance of results, making recommendations for improvement where required.  Debriefing: debrief the client on the findings of the audit, highlighting the risks and weaknesses, and agree recommendations.  Reporting: prepare and proof read good quality, concise draft Internal Audit reports and electronic working papers files.  Assist in the production of audit planning sheets.  Complete all work within agreed timescales and budgets, and to the appropriate quality standard. Due to the nature of the role the following skills, knowledge & experience are required, however all applications will be considered:  IIA/ACCA Partqualified.  Relevant work experience.  Driving licence (clean) / access to a car.  Effective use of IT including excel, audit and accounts packages, Outlook.  Further builds technical knowledge on both the internal audit process and relevant sector issues.  Takes responsibility for work tasks and quality, managing own workload and deadlines under supervision.  Confident and excellent written and oral communication skills.  Builds rapport with peers internally and externally.  Able to organise and manage time efficiently and effectively whilst being flexible.  Able to work autonomously / proactively.  Works effectively as a team member to achieve overall discipline objectives.  Selfmotivated to study and develop professionally.  The post holder will be expected to travel to the clients sites in their own time, limited where possible to one and a half hours each way. In return an excellent salary between ********k and benefits are on offer with this role. An extremely supportive environment is provided with excellent progression prospects. Due to the high volume of applicants applying for all roles, we can only reply to candidates with the most relevant skills and experience. If you have not heard back from us within **** hours of your application please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion