Title: Executive Credit Controller
Webindex: 71139523
Company: Robert Half
Description: The Company My client is looking to recruit **** Executive Credit Controllers to join a new team in Birmingham. You must have experience of Credit Control within a professional services environment and must enjoy all aspects of the Credit Control function. From building strong relationships internally and externally to reconciling client accounts. These roles are brand new which will enable the appointed candidates to put their own stamp on the set up and controls that need to be in place to run an effective Credit Control department. This is a global business and therefore excellent corporate training will be provided to ensure high standards of service are met at all times. The Role This role will be responsible for overseeing the payment of claims and the collection of money from various clients across the globe. The main liaison will be with various internal clients and on occasion external clients. Main Duties:  Credit control of monies owing by contacting internal Credit Controllers in different regions.  Liaison with internal clients globally but mainly with the London office who are the lynchpin for all payments at present.  Day to day accounts.  Managing and reporting on the unallocated cash position.  Cashbook management.  Running this parallel to the ledgers.  Reconciling and reporting on claims and payments.  Ensuring money flow is seamless and timely. Essential:  Credit control experience.  Basic accounts including reconciliation experience.  Excellent communication skills.  Strong Excel skills. Desirable:  Insurance sector experience.  Qualification of ICM or AAT.  Multi currency exposure.  Electronic banking experience Salary & Benefits  Up to **** plus excellent benefits including career progression. Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply.