Title: Senior Client Manager with prospects of Partnership
Webindex: 67098451
Company: Reed Specialist Recruitment
Description: Our client is an independent accountancy firm servicing the thriving technology sector. Their portfolio consists of start up’s and new businesses, who rely on them for professional financial and business advice. They have enjoyed extreme success having doubled their business year on year, with 60% growth in this year alone. They offer their staff an environment in which they can thrive, developing their professional skills and business acumen so as to progress whilst maintaining a positive work/life balance. Due to the Partners’ entrepreneurial and commercial outlook, aggressive growth plans and success of the firm, we are working with them as primary agency basis to recruit a qualified Manager. Your function will be to manage a team of accounts staff and portfolio of clients’ business, accounting and tax needs including daily bookkeeping and monthly management reporting issues . The Partners anticipate the team doubling in size in the next 1218months and need a manager with the skills to help them achieve this. For the right person, there will be an opportunity for profit share at Partner level. To be considered for this rare and exciting opportunity you will need   An appropriate accountancy qualification such as ACA/ ACCA  Proven experience as a manager of a portfolio of clients within a practice firm, working to UK GAAP  Proven experience managing teams; supervising , reviewing work, mentoring and training  Strong technical skills in of statutory accounts preparation and corporation tax computations.  Exposure to personal tax issues. This role will suit someone who enjoys working with new businesses, in a firm that although is new to the market, is showing exceptional growth. A competitive remuneration with bonus and potential to earn profit share as Partner are on offer to the successful applicantReed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business.