Title: Personal or Mixed Tax Senior
Webindex: 68708324
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: There is some flexibility in the Portfolio you will be allocated, according to your experience aspirations. The majority of the work will be personal tax, clients will include HNW individuals, Directors, Sole Traders Partners. The successful applicant will deal with compliance enquiries on their portfolio. In addition you`ll work alongside an extremely wellrespected qualified team on more complex advisory matters  making this a great opportunity to develop your technical expertise. Corporate experience is not essential. However for candidates with corporate experience or indeed those who want to add corporate experience the firm also has a wide variety of corporate work from startup companies to very substantial OMBs. In addition the firm is also experienci Experience is as important as qualifications, though a tax (ATT, CTA) or accountancy qualification would be preferred. Candidates need to have experience of personal tax compliance in a UK practice, ideally having experienced good levels ofclient responsibility communication. The firm has a great trackrecord of growth, candidates with a desire to progress, will fit with the culture of the firm. Awardwinning Independent firm recognised on a national level by the profession for it`s quality of clients service. A measure of the quality of their work reputation in tax matters are the number of other firms of accountants that use their services on more complex work. All staff are involved in shaping the firm`s strategy, particularly in terms of customer service, with regular forums of staff to discuss the fir`s performance. Superb offices,very modern environment systems. Competitive package according to skills qualifications. Free parking. Study supported if applicable (ATT, CTA). Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PersonalorMixedTaxSenior_job****