Title: Business Solution Analyst
Webindex: 68993865
Company: Harnham Search Selection
Description: Business Solutions Analyst This is an opportunity for a business analyst to provide technical solutions in a retail banking environment. This role is based in central London and the successful candidate will have excellent analytical ability and technical SQL or SAS skills. The role involves understanding and working with stakeholders to analyse business impacts and potential solutions. THE COMPANY A Londonbased retail bank is planning to expand the sphere of its operations and therefore are looking to bring a technical business analyst on board to anticipate and analyse business decisions to deal with operational growth. THE ROLE Working in SAS and SQL, this role involves the analysis of technical problems related to the planned expansion and coordinate with key stakeholders to provide and process map solutions. The role requires excellent analytical skills and a keen understanding of data manipulations and processing with a view to the commercial implications of such business decisions. The role also requires strong communication and teamwork with key stakeholders. SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Excellent technical skills in SAS and/or SQL is required A proven track record of analytical excellence An ability to understand and provide solutions to technical issues Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills SALARY AND BENEFITS Up to **** per annum dependent on experience A comprehensive benefits package HOW TO APPLY To apply send CV to davidadelmanharnhamsearch.com or call David Adelman on **** **** ****EY WORDS SAS, SQL, technical solution, business analyst, London, retail banking, bank, analytical, Harnham ABOUT HARNHAM Harnham Search and Selection are specialists in recruiting within niche areas of Statistical Analytical, Credit Risk, Business Intelligence and IT employment markets where many businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. We are one of the UKs largest suppliers of analytical staff, and have an impressive client list, ranging from SMEs to some of the worlds leading bluechip pharmaceutical companies. Our consultants undergo intensive training to become experts within their fields. Business Solutions Analyst