Title: Vice President  Banking Regulatory Review Challenge
Webindex: 69122196
Company: Morgan McKinley Group Limited
Description: The Markets and International Banking divisions provide a full range of financing and risk management products to the Groups global client base. With a clear strategic plan in place refocusing on core activities markets, the Bank will continue to offer a diverse product range such as vanilla and exotic derivatives, equity derivative products, finance/debt structuring, international trade finance and treasury currency services across the globe. Regulatory Finance and Decision Support Since the Financial crisis of **** Regulatory issues have been at the forefront of the banks thinking and the team have taken active roles in the implementation of a wide range of new initiatives. The Regulatory team are responsible for RWA/capital reporting and analysis globally across the IB. As specialists in this field the team are in a unique position to bridge both finance and risk disciplines in order to meet reporting obligations and support delivery of business objectives. The key customers of the team include the Portfolio Management/Front Office, Executive Management, Group Risk, Group Finance and ultimately the FSA. Organisationally the Regulatory Reporting team is part of IB Finance although the function has a global remit for FSA reporting and therefore fully supports the IB business. Requirements Business knowledge In depth Basel2 FSA prudential regulatory reporting experience. Financial control / reporting experience. Strong knowledge of Banking and Trade Financing products/systems. Track record in improving reporting and control processes. Responsibilities The Role In response to the change driven by Regulatory pressures and internal reorganisations Regulatory Finance is restructuring to improve reporting, control/review and business support for the newly established Banking businesses. This role will be responsible for 2nd level review, challenge, control and provision of analytics in support of key customers namely Group Chief Accountants, Group Risk and M IB Finance and Risk functions before the release of information and analysis to them. This will involve close liaison with the business aligned controllers, our extended Delhi based reporting team and the Regulatory data solutions team. Specific requirements of this role will include:   Detailed review, encompassing validation and challenge of total risk weighted assets and other reporting deliverables.  Identification of factors compromising data quality/relevance of capital information and actively work to resolve these.  Review production processes outputs and ensure governance has been adhered to around any existing, new or discontinued adjustments to data or process.  Review and approve reporting logic/assumptions/process detail to agreed frequency.  Collaborate across the Regulatory Finance team, Business Decision Support teams, the wider Finance and Risk functions to drive appropriate accountability for inputs to the regulatory reporting process and validation of results.  Managing and development of a team of 4/**** people The Individual  High degree of professional competence and integrity.  Enthusiasm, energy drive with a passion for the pursuit of excellence.  Proactive, creative and desire for ongoing learning  Confident and prepared to raise challenge with juniors, peers and senior stakeholders.  Focused, persistent and not easily diverted from objectives.  Able to work under pressure, maintaining accuracy and meeting tight deadlines  Team management and development experience  Ability to break down complex problems into core components and grasp technical concepts and explain in simple terms to non experts.  Strong written and verbal communication skills including the ability to present information to senior management.  The ability to be able to work with both detailed and summary level data in order to identify, understand and resolve key issues is required.  Proficiency in Excel/MS access and off the shelf query tools such as oracle/business objects etc  Management reporting proficiency, including report production, analysis and provision of business commentary.  Qualified accountant ACMA/ACA/ACCA  Good academics 2:1 degree.