Title: Human Resources & Office Manager
Webindex: 68690894
Company: Oakleaf Partnership
Description: Purpose of role: To manage the delivery of the HR function, ensuring that H.R. strategies support the business plan. To manage the Office Administration function; Key responsibilities: Human Resources Recruitment and retention strategies; Employee relations advice and management; Design and delivery of inhouse training courses; Employee resource planning, including career progression and associated learning and development issues; Overview of the company's compensation and benefits; Review of HR Policies and Procedures with consideration to Best Practise and changes to regulations and laws. Office Management Supervision of administration/reception staff, including overall responsibility for office equipment and services; Office Health Safety advice and management; Business Continuity review and coordination. Key performance indicators: Success of Recruitment and retention strategy; Effective resolution of Employee Relations issues; Employee development and succession planning; Effective management and resolution of health safety matters; Key relationships (internal and external): Internal  HR/Payroll outsourced, Finance Director, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Management; External  Providers of Compensation Benefits, Occupational Health provider, Recruitment Agencies, City H.R. network. Authority level (people, policy, financial): Recommending, with rationale, desirable H.R. policy changes in line with best practice. B' Signatory  **** Essential knowledge/skills: Employment law issues and H.R. best practice; Interviewing skills in line with recruitment and retention strategies; Compensation and benefits management; Training design and delivery. Desirable knowledge/skills: CIPD graduate qualified. Essential experience: General experience in HR, gained within Financial Services (preferably Investment Banking); Generalist/Business Partner experience. Essential qualification(s): Office Health Safety This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HumanResourcesOfficeManager_job****