Title: Head of Financial Accounting
Webindex: 67102423
Company: Twenty Recruitment Limited
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join a well established and still rapidly growing international business in Manchester at the forefront of its industry. The Role As the Head of Financial Accounting you will lead a team of finance professionals in providing a strategic business partnership with the business and be focused on timely and accurate reporting whilst operating within the internal control framework. Key Accountabilities Develop the Financial Control team into being, and being treated as a trusted, proactive, commercially focussed support function to the business Lead, manage and control the activities and performance of the Financial Control team, ensuring customer needs are fulfilled or exceeded. Lead the development of a standard approach to Financial Control. Constantly challenge the status quo to ensure best practice is identified and shared across all relevant areas whilst embedding key controls into business as usual procedures. Support the development, documentation and monitoring of key controls. Work alongside the Transformation and Oracle project teams to drive through the business process change required to support wider technology changes, ensuring that change is documented and embedded into BAU Lead an efficient P****P process focussing on a commercial management of AP. Work alongside the Operational Finance teams to identify areas of process, control and efficiency improvement. Work alongside the operational efficiency and internal audit teams to identify areas of review and ensure that recommendations are embedded into BAU. Work with the external audit team to develop an open partnership approach to all external audit requirements. Lead and inspire the team to live the organisational values: Accountable, Adventurous, Empowered and Spirited. Skills & Experience Solid experience of financial reporting, process change, control and continuous improvement. Working knowledge of GAAP / IAS. Qualified Accountant. Solutions orientated and commercial a mindset. Task orientated and deliver positive outcomes