Title: Senior Credit Risk Analyst / Underwriter
Webindex: 69169082
Company: Volvo Financial Services
Description: Volvo Financial Services are recruiting for a Senior Credit Analyst to join their team at their head office Service Centre based in Warwick. This newly created position follows the recent centralisation of the Belgium and Netherlands into the Service Centre. Volvo Financial Services provides comprehensive finance, leasing and insurance products to Volvo Group customers through the Volvo Group dealer network. The Volvo Group specialises in light commercial and heavy commercial vehicles, including buses, as well as construction equipment. The purpose of the role is to provide balanced, informed and reasoned commercial credit decisions based on relevant company and financial information for the customers belonging to the Service Centre (Belgium, Netherlands, UK, and Ireland). The main focus of this role is underwriting of credit applications for Belgium and the Netherlands but will still have partial responsibility for UK and Ireland. The main responsibilities of the role will be: • To analyse and interpret commercial credit requests. • To present reasoned recommendations to members of the credit team and members of credit committee • To provide reasoned, informed and balanced credit decisions within the limitations of delegated personal underwriting authority. • To provide support as required in all areas of the credit department remit. • To provide support as required to the credit team leader and their managers. • To provide support to other areas of the business as required. • To ensure compliance with Credit Policies. • Follow and embrace the ethos of the Volvo Way. • Comply with all AB Volvo, and VFS Financial Services policies, directives and guidelines. • Comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including Corporate Governance, AntiFinancial Crime (AntiMoney Laundering), AntiCorruption (Bribery Act), Competition, • Data Protection, Consumer Credit Act and FSA My client is looking for someone who can demonstrate the following: • University degree required on Maths, Finance or Business Administration or equivalent is desirable. • Credit risk experience, preferably in the financial services industry. • Experience / Knowledge of working on credit request for Belgium Netherlands. • Experience in underwriting commercial asset backed finance requests desirable. • Competencies skills: • Good knowledge / understanding of financial services products and services. • Good knowledge of and experience in credit analysis. • Strong analytical skills in relation to financial and company information. • Strong decision making skills. • Ability to negotiate with internal and external customers. • Ability to work under pressure whilst producing accurate output. • High level of PC skills (Microsoft Excel, Power Point). • Advanced level of English (oral/written) • Medium level of Dutch (oral/written) preferable • Medium level of French (oral/written) preferable • Creating value for customers in selected segments • Pioneering products and services for the transport and infrastructure industries • Driving quality, safety, and environmental care • Working with energy, passion, and respect for the individual Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Page Personnel. Ref Code: PPTJ****Z This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorCreditRiskAnalystUnderwriter_job****