Title: Business Risk Auditor
Webindex: 68699620
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: This is a rare opportunity to join a well known business with a real chance to grow your career quickly. The role involves working with management throughout the business to improve controls and manage the risks facing the company, supporting major change projects, offering advice on controls and promoting awareness of risk issues. You will be involved in planning the audit work, leading teams undertaking the fieldwork, preparing reports for managers and directors and making practical recommendations to improve efficiency. You will also be expected to promote best practice throughout the business. This is a business which promotes the progression of all their employees and as such you should expect to be progressing within this role very quickly. The role is based in Berkshire but will inv The successful Business Risk Auditor should be able to demonstrate the following:  Range of experience in riskbased audit and in nonaudit business with a track record of adding value  An accountancy qualification (i.e. ACA, ACCA, CIMA) with post qualification experience managing challenging assignments in complex organisations  Strong experience working at manager level in a large accountancy practice or a blue chip organisation  A strong understanding of key drivers of value, business processes and risk management principles  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills My client is a major oil and gas company with offices in Berkshire. competitive salary  benefits package Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessRiskAuditor_job****