Title: Programme Manager in Financial Services
Webindex: 68014317
Company: Huntswood
Description: Are you frustrated that major accounts are heavily guarded by the partners? Would you like the challenge of building and sustaining a client network? Do you think that you could manage both the delivery, relationship and onsales opportunities within a large client account? This is a company that has been on fast growth lists over the last few years and is not looking to stand still now. In line with growth the firm is looking to hire a number of senior managers and a director. Your role will be in line with the core offering of the firm, programme delivery services to large financial services institutions; however, as a senior manager or director you will be given the opportunity and support to manage high level accounts as well as build your own patch. Becoming a partner is more a journey of realisation than clocking the years up and waiting your turn. Recent successful additions to the team have:Had more than five years' recent consulting experience within a 'big 4' or top tier consulting firm along with prior retail finance industry exposureAlready been at senior manager level within a programme management practice or other practice delivering work at a programme levelGiven tangible examples of leading large matrix delivery teams and annual budgets into the millionsProvided programme advisory at MD or board levelSkillsets and experience across wider service of the firm, including: programme assurance, programme health checks, programme recovery, strategy and integrationBeen involved with selling programme delivery or other consulting services to the FS industry; on selling within an account as a senior manager or leading bids with new clients as a directorHad one or more professional programme management qualifications to include Prince2, MSP, PMP, or equivalentBeen a mix of pure business transformation and IT delivery / transformationBeen educated to degree level, or equivalent In return, you will be remunerated competitively and be eligible for a 3040% bonus year on year, which current employees can confirm. The firm won't restrict your capability to progress and, with the right mind set, leaving your current peers behind is more of a probability than a possibility. If you are interested in hearing more about this opportunity please send your CV marked for the attention of Luke Wootton or call **** **** **** for further discussions.