Title: Business Partner/Management Accountant
Webindex: 71293622
Company: Parkside
Description: Parkside Accounting and Finance are currently recruiting a qualified and experienced Finance Business Partner/Management Accountant to join our client a leader in the technology industry based in Camberley, Surrey. A superb opportunity to support the Financial Controller, your remit is to head up the Management Accounting, managing a team of one responsible for timely management information and analysis which can be used to guide commercial planning and decisionmaking and the application of this information to quarterly forecasting and budgeting exercises. Specific responsibility for the accounting of Projects and Operational costs. You will have proven experience of working in a complex environment and possess post qualified experience within a hitech forever changing business. You will be working closely with Sales and Operations to provide dynamic reporting on both revenue and margins and opex costs. Work with bids and commercial team to ensure that projects are managed and reported on to ensure adherence to agreed deals. My client is looking for a Qualified ACA, ACCA or CIMA with a strong commercial background in a project managed business. An ambitious candidate who is able to make a difference and add value by improving the current management reporting and looking at where automisation can make a significant impact to improve current processes. You will have proven experience of working with stakeholders across the business, preparing and reporting on commercial performance. Previous management experience in leading a small team as well as excellent communication skills and be a true, confident professional is paramount. . You will have experience of working in a fast moving environment with the ability to adapt to changing priorities. As you can see my client is offering a diverse opportunity in a energetic environment in return the scope to progress internally will certainly be the longterm plan. Parkside Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Parkside Recruitment is an Equal Opportunities Employer