Title: Branch Underwriting Manager
Webindex: 69598930
Company: AXA
Description: Branch Underwriting Manager Background Accredited by the Chartered Insurance Institute (CII), AXA Commercial Lines Personal Intermediary (CL PI) is a unique business in the insurance sector and has been created with the needs of our brokers and customers in mind. Our structure comprises separate Divisions for Commercial Intermediary, Personal Intermediary, Commercial Direct Partnerships, Commercial Claims and Underwriting and Bluefin Services, providing our Brokers and customers a single integrated service for Insurance solutions and expert advice. Commercial Intermediary contributes annual income targets of around ****bn GWP for AXA with a drive to focus on profitable business. Our Branches are responsible for sales, servicing and trading for all our customers in Commercial Intermediary and account for approx 700m per annum. We have a rare opportunity in our Ipswich Branch for a highly motivated and experienced Underwriting Manager. Working as part of the senior Branch management team, you will be responsible for driving technical excellence across a team of over **** underwriters to deliver profit and income targets, along with building relationships with our Technical Centre and developing a strategic approach to forecast and plan across the branch. The role Key tasks are to; Deliver planned underwriting results through underwriting account management (revenue product), financial planning, account monitoring and analysis of underwriting trends. Implement influence underwriting philosophy strategy through relationship with Technical Centre to achieve financial objectives. Lead underwriting relationships with key customers to deliver profitable growth. Set monitor underwriting standards across a trading branch ensuring effective management and deployment of empowerment. Lead the branch technical decision making for new and current deals to ensure delivery of combined operating ratio requirements. Act as a referral point and ultimate decision maker on all technical trading issues to deliver technical excellence. Lead and manage the senior underwriting team through effective performance management to continuously develop the technical capabilities of the branch. Skills, knowledge and behaviour Progress towards ACII qualification desirable. Degree level or other equivalent qualification preferred. Proven experience and ability to lead motivate underwriting teams. Excellent interpersonal skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Pragmatic decision maker with good analytical and numerical reasoning skills. Sound understanding of insurance market and processes across commercial lines insurance operations. Experience of working in teams and successful record of delivering results. Excellent relationship management skills and experience of building successful long term relationships  both internal external. Extensive knowledge of the AXA Commercial product range. Strong long short term planning analytical skills with proven experience of both operational strategic planning in previous roles. Proven experience in decision making on a wide range of technical underwriting scenarios within a Commercial environment. Strong level of technical underwriting expertise in a commercial insurance environment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BranchUnderwritingManager_job****