Title: Risk Consultant Rail and Rolling Stock
Webindex: 69131562
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Our client is an independent and specialist risk management consulting company, wholly owned by its employees. They assist clients in major hazard industries to manage safety and business risk. Due to the increasing demand for safety, risk and assurance services from key clients in the rail industry, they are seeking highly motivated individuals with a strong background in safety and risk management within the Rolling stock and rail industry to join their team. the individual should be a self starter, well connected and with a solid understanding in a specific rail discipline which could include signalling, rolling stock, transmission or operations. You will have a good understanding of the technical, engineering and managerial issues fundamental to safety and risk management within this industry. In addition, you will have an interest in business development and have excellent organisational and communication skills. Duties and responsibilities will include:  Providing technical safety support and advice to clients,  Development of technical or safety assurance reports,  Preparation of case for safety documentation required to support ROGS,  Preparing and managing qualitative and quantitative risk assessments, including HAZOP, HAZID, FMEA, fault tree and event tree analysis,  Producing formal technical reports and other project deliverables on time and to budget,  Maintaining uptodate knowledge of standards, methods, data and use of appropriate software,  Managing and developing clients,  Developing new business. As would be expected by the high calibre of people we employ Risktec offers a comprehensive rewards package which can include competitive salary, company bonus, employee share scheme, private medical insurance and generous contributions to a pension scheme. Key attributes:  Sound technical base,  Genuine team player,  Self motivated,  Good interpersonal skills,  Project management skills,  Strong communication skills,  Excellent written skills,  Interested in helping to expand the business,  Practical, common sense approach. Proven track record in one or more of the following: Rolling Stock Traction and transmission Fault Tree analysis FMEA HAZOP A qualification in Safety, Risk, Reliability is desirable but not essential.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business.