Title: Director of Finance & Operations
Webindex: 68225810
Company: SOCIETY OF CHIROPODISTS & PODIATRISTS
Description: The Society is comprised of three entities: the membershipbased company and trade union, the newly created College of Podiatry, and the benevolent fund which is a stand alone charity. The combined turnover is 3.7M (as of 2012). As the Society is in a healthy financial and strategic standing, we are looking to enhance our internal systems and structure and are seeking a Director of Finance and Operations to facilitate this endeavour. The Society of Chiropodists and Podiatrists (SCP) is at an exciting stage of growth, having recently launched the College of Podiatry on January **** 2013. The College will function as an educational entity with the goal of influencing academic learning and research as it relates to the science of podiatry. In conjunction with the College, SCP has maintained its roots as a trade union and membershipbased company limited by guarantee. As a wellestablished and financially stable group, SCP is seeking a Director of Finance and Operations to integrate its existing and newly formed entities’ finances and systems, as well as organisational operations. Key responsibilities will include: Lead the **** year strategic planning process in support of short and long term financial goals and operating capabilities; Develop high performing business systems and processes; Act as thought leader for all statutory financial, taxation and legal issues; Play an active partnering role as a member of the senior management team; Support positive cultural change across the finance, operations, IT and HR areas; Manage and support the development of membership retention strategies and the growth of member numbers and services; Advise on and the support the development of new and diverse revenue streams; Motivate and mentor staff to deliver on SCP’s mission and goals. The appointable candidate will be professionally qualified and have a strong track record of success leading finance and operations functions. This is an exciting role for a senior leader who is looking to apply and develop their skills in a growing, yet wellestablished society. For further details or to express interest, please contact execmorganlaw.com or call **** **** ****