Title: Settlements Administrator
Webindex: 67325777
Company: Resource Management
Description: Settlements Administrator: An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced Settlements Administrator to ensure all trades are settled efficiently and accurately in line with agreed SLA's. Fully investigating any errors/exceptions. As part of Investment Funds Direct Limited (founded ****), Ascentric's 'Wrap' platform enables Financial Advisers to view value and trade client investment portfolios. The technology we provide gives customers a clearer picture of how their entire portfolio is performing, putting them in control of their investments through their Financial Adviser. Our goal is to be the independent wrap platform of choice. We strive to achieve this by constantly listening to our clients, by focusing on service delivery and by constantly improving the breadth and depth of our platform proposition. Key Responsibilities: Ensure all trades are settled within SLA to a high degree of success and accuracy. Report any risks, issues or problems to the Team Manager of Settlement. Any error trades are investigated and fully resolved. Chase Fund Managers for late settlement. Ensure all transactions meet TCF guidelines. Ensure all unreconciled market payments are addressed and the required adjustments made. Support other Operational Teams where required. Respond to queries raised by Customer Services or any other internal areas, IFAs and Clients, efficiently, professionally and as quickly as possible. Undertake additional projects as directed from time to time, by the Team Manager of Settlement. Required knowledge, skills and experience: Previous experience in Financial Services Operations would be a preferred requirement. Previous experience in EMX/Crest settlements, double entry book keeping and ledger maintenance would be a preferred requirement. Knowledge of reconciliations both in process and issue resolution would be advantageous. Ability to prioritise and work to close deadlines. To be able to communicate clearly and precisely, especially when dealing with complex queries. Ability to problem solve. If you believe you have the necessary skills and experience to join Ascentric, please send a copy of your CV and a covering letter/email.