Title: Merchant Services Sales  Corporate Account Manager
Webindex: 68682320
Company: PMA Recruitment Ltd.
Description: Merchant Services Corporate Account Sales ****k Basic, ****k OTE  substantial benefits Based Oxford and Reading Our client is a Global leader in secure Payment Solutions to a wide range of businesses that receive revenue via card payments. They process over a million payments a day and are perceived as a market leader in their field. In partnership with a major High Street Bank, they are looking to expand their UK salesforce in multiple locations within the UK. You will be responsible for converting large Corporate leads arranged by the branches of their Banking partner and creating new business opportunities when possible. Your target market will be larger merchants that use secure card payment systems such as hotels chains, retail outlet chains, bar groups, restaurant chains, garages etc. The potential client base is extensive and you will be responsible for maximising referrals and introductions from current and potential Bank Partner client relationships and for growing and maintaining those internal relationships within our Banking partner. The successful applicant will be financially and computer literate. You will ideally have experience of selling Merchant Services at a Corporate level in a new business capacity. We have been instructed that we can also consider exceptional Corporate Sales Executives with successful business to business sales backgrounds with similar target markets. Your new business and relationship skills will be developed enough to ensure that you have a successful track record in over achieving sales targets and have an extensive understanding of the sales process. The opportunities within this partnership are extensive and we therefore are seeking a high level of applicant and we have been instructed to screen for the highest calibre. To apply, send a copy of your CV to our advising consultants Doug Brain or John Sollesse at PMA Sales Recruitment quoting TJDJ**** Due to the nature of our business we will only reply to those candidates who we feel have the relevant experience for this role. PMA Recruitment will allow applications from other Recruitment organisations dependant on agreement from a PMA Director. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MerchantServicesSalesCorporateAccountManager_job****