Title: PPI Case Manager  Part Time  **** p/h
Webindex: 69746470
Company: Adecco Keele National Resource Center
Description: This is an exciting opportunity to join one of the UK s leading Financial Institutions as a PPI Case Manager on a temporary  Part Time basis. You will be required to work 25 hours per week  Monday to Friday 510pm. The salary is ****per hour. Please not the role is a temporary position for around 6 months  Role Description Case managers required to work complaints received from the FOS in regards to PPI. Scope of this role : Achieving operational excellence and setting standards in all processing, operational and servicing activity. Always seeking to provide the most effective and efficient service to the customer, minimising escalation of complaints/queries any further. Investigating and making decisions on complaints Complying with operational risk and rigour standards in respect of protecting people, customers, assets and the organisation. Proactively working with colleagues in other areas and particularly those in frontline sales and servicing roles. Flexible and adaptable to changing demands. Willing and able to pick up new and additional responsibilities when required. Ability to manage time effectively to ensure business targets are achieved. The successful candidate will need: Experience of providing a consistently high standard of customer service. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Have an understanding of complaint handling rules and approach Have the ability through written correspondence to negotiate an outcome or defend a position, therefore requirement of excellent persuasive written communication Strong investigation skills and decision making skills Excellent numeracy skills and the ability to understand complex numeric calculations Excellent understanding of the Banks systems e.g. Customer System. Role model for customer service interaction Motivated, highperforming individual with proven experience of working at one with other colleagues, to achieve and often beat their objectives. The application process is subject to the successful completion of background and reference checking, including CRB and CCJ (County Court Judgement) checks Consultant: Monique Colclough Phone: (Apply online only) Adecco is an equal opportunities employer If you do not hear from one of our consultants within 7 days of applying for this role, please assume you have been unsuccessful in this instance. Your CV will be kept on file and you will be consider for future vacancies that match your skills Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy