Title: Business Process Improvement Manager  Edinburgh or London
Webindex: 69805795
Company: RBS
Description: We've an opportunity for a Business Process Improvement Manager to be part of a new team of internal consultants. You'll drive the development and implementation of improvement and efficiency programmes within our Business Commercial (B C) function in the Corporate Banking division at The Royal Bank of Scotland Group. This role can be based in Edinburgh or London and will require travel of up to four days per week. UK Corporate Banking serves UK corporate and commercial customers from SMEs to UK based multinationals, providing them with everyday banking, innovative products and services, and specialist help. We work together with our customers to achieve their financial goals with local and sector expertise and access to the right products across the UK. By applying our product capabilities and intellectual capital, we have built strong relationships with many leading businesses and institutions. The Lean programme plays a vital role in helping drive our strategy to rebuild the RBS Group to a position of standalone strength. Lean is transforming the Group's endtoend processes and supporting infrastructure, simplifying them and ensuring consistency across the Group. Through the application of Lean principles, we will deliver a deep and lasting change, truly focused on our customers' needs. As a Business Process Improvement Manager, you'll work with the Business Process Improvement Lead to understand key drivers, then design, develop and plan projects within the wider core process programme of work. This will include a variety of improvement approaches such as Lean Six Sigma, Lean and Kaizen. You'll support the delivery of the process leadership vision and its strategic route map across B C, and at all levels of the organisation. To be successful as a Business Process Improvement Manager, you'll be certified as a Lean Six Sigma Black Belt, or as a minimum a Green Belt with extensive implementation experience. You'll also need to have demonstrable Lean Sigma / Six Sigma delivery experience ideally from within financial services, manufacturing or a transactional based industry. Naturally, you'll have excellent facilitation and data analysis skills, coupled with the ability to people manage, drive and motivate teams including direct line reports, peers and SME?s where you?'ll inform, influence and persuade at a managerial level. In return, we offer an excellent employee salary and 30% cash and benefit funding programme which can be tailored to suit your individual needs. In addition to financial benefits, we offer a wide selection of exclusive lifestyle offers, development and learning programmes, services and support designed to help you manage and balance your own worklife priorities. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken. If you'd like to discuss this role in confidence please contact David Liddell on **** **** **** Did you know that RBS has won a number of awards as a top employer in the UK in 2012? Best Business Awards 'Best Employer', Business In The Community Top 10 'Ethnic Equality’ ‘Gender’, Working Families 'Top 10 Employer', Workingmums.co.uk Top Employer 'Employee Engagement’, The Times Top 50 ‘Where Women Want to Work’, The Times Top 100 'Graduate Employers’, and The Sunday Times 100 ‘Best Companies to Work For’. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessProcessImprovementManagerEdinburghorLondon_job****