Title: SQL, SAS, VBA MI Analyst  Manager, Retail Banking
Webindex: 72245491
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: The manager will support business management analytics in leading aggressive and ambitious step change in the quality and delivery of management information within debt finance.  Support in developing a global platform for delivering selfservice MI solutions and regular timetabled output.  Support in rationalising existing internal reporting and development of a consolidated reporting suite.  Provide clear line of sight of information transformation to source data with appropriate quality controls and rigour.  Build clear understanding of the deal life cycle from origination through to management accounts reporting.  Display role model behaviours, ensuring guiding principles are communicated, inspiring others to work t  Product Knowledge: the candidate will ideally have a broad understanding of all debt products offered to Corporate customers or Retail Banking products.  Technical skills: Candidates must be familiar with the best use of business intelligence tools and underlying database architecture. Ideally, thorough understanding of Microsoft SQL Server technologies and SAS including Integration Services and Analysis Services, and Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint 2010.  Interpersonal skills: Candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to build relationships across the bank; with coverage, infrastructure and with peers in other divisions of the bank. SQL, SAS, VBA MI Analyst,Retail Banking required in Corporate Banking and Retail Banking organisation based in Canary Wharf. Ideal candidate will need to come from Financial Services and possess Microsoft SQL integration.  Base salary: **** to **** for the right candidate  Excellent Company Benefits Package  Competitive Bonus Scheme. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SQLSASVBAMIAnalystManagerRetailBanking_job****