Title: Area Manager  Leading Financial Services PLC
Webindex: 68510232
Company: RecruitmentRevolution.com Limited
Description: Area Manager  Leading Financial Services PLC Barnstaple **** per annum  Benefits Package Bonus, pension, competitive salary  just what you'd expect from a successful personal finance business like ours. But with us that's only the start. Join us and you'll experience a whole different type of reward: the satisfaction of helping people survive in tough economic times. We specialise in providing customers with fair and accessible financial products. Our approach is straightforward, responsible  and increasingly popular. We thrive in difficult financial times and our growth plan for the next 3 years is testament to our success. To enable this growth potential we are looking for an Area Manager to lead and support a team of Development Managers at what is an exciting time for the business. Reporting to the Regional Operations Manager, the successful candidate will be responsible for developing the Area in line with Company Policy to meet our short term and long term business objectives. We are looking for a selfstarter who is results focussed and who is able to prove their capabilities in this area. Your ability to build and maintain harmonious working relationships will be well established as will your people management skills in order to get the best out of individuals whilst providing the levels of support required. Sounds appealing? We are an equal opportunities employer. Candidates must be able to produce documents to prove eligibility to work in the UK when requested to do so. You may have worked in the following capacities: Financial Services Area Manager, Financial Services Business Developement Manager, Relationship Manager, Financial Products Field Manager. Application Statement: By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process & submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client. The Area Manager role is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution.com  The UK's first online recruitment agency created ****