Title: CNET Developer Graduate/ 5 years  Prop Trading/Market Maker
Webindex: 72650196
Company: Not disclosed
Description: My client is one of the world's leading market makers and the largest provider of liquidity to the markets in which they operate. Their clients depend on their ability to provide prices for complex financial products regardless of market conditions. For over a decade, their ability to satisfy these requirements has been based on renowned proprietary trading software and highly experienced management and trading staff. Their continued success will be built by focusing on the needs of their clients, following their risk analysis methodologies and the continuing development of its staff. My client requires a C Developer working directly with the traders and work on the building of trading and risk management systems and in the development of market access systems. In particular the successful candidate will focus on the backend of the applications. This is a fantastic opportunity for people with strong technical skills and an interest in Financial Services who might not necessarily have relevant experience. The ideal candidate will be a passionate handson C developer and technologist who has either just graduated or has experience. Whilst candidates with any level of experience will be considered, this position would be particularly suited to those with less than 5 years experience. In particular the following knowledge is required:Good C development skills in .NET ****/4Multithreaded C developmentWCF/Socket communicationWinFormsBasic SQL knowledgeQuick to understand new technologiesWPF (advantageous) Successful applicants must be able to demonstrate the following qualities:Strong sense of responsibility and results oriented.Able to meet tight deadlines and work under pressure.Able to working in a fast paced, dynamic environment.Strong teamoriented attitude with willingness to share and collaborate. If you are interested in finding out more about this opportunity feel free to call William Cattigan on **** **** **** You can apply online or email your CV directly to William at wcattiganargyllscott.com .