Title: Paraplanner (Private Client)
Webindex: 66887298
Company: Hillman Saunders
Description: Are you a proven Paraplanner that currently works, or has worked, in the Private Client market and looking to work some of the industries top qualified advisors? Then this is an excellent opportunity for you. My client is looking for a high calibre Paraplanner to join their Private Client team based in London. To be successful in this role you will need to be able to make an immediate contribution in supporting the consultant to achieving objectives, deliver a high quality of service to clients and be able to demonstrate a breadth of understanding of the private client industry including pensions, investment and protection related products and services. Typical duties will include preparing letters and technical reports for consultants and researching products and funds, as well as reviewing and commenting on the suitability of existing pension, investment and protection arrangements. You will act as the technical interface between consultant and client, which includes handling client correspondence of a technical nature on behalf of the consultants. To be considered for this vacancy you will need to have successfully attained at least your Certificate in Financial Planning, but you will preferably have achieved your Diploma in Financial Planning. You will need to have a proven background providing paraplanning support, ideally with a specialisation in the Pensions arena. Knowledge of writing reports on IHT, Investments, Pension Transfers, and knowledge of how a discretionary mandate is different from advisory is also essential. You should also have good working knowledge of IT Software i.e. Market Research/Best Advice/Report Writers etc. and you will ideally have working knowledge of 1st Software / Avelo. My client offers you an exciting and rewarding career working alongside high calibre individuals who have already demonstrated professional success within their field. They are looking for candidates that will contribute and play a significant part in the development and expansion of their business, supporting you with personal and professional development to achieve this. Do not miss out on this excellent opportunity. Apply now  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business