Title: Fund Analyst  Real Estate
Webindex: 67099665
Company: Marks Sattin
Description: The European arm of one of the most prestigious names in Real Estate Fund Management is looking for a Fund Analyst with strong modelling experience to work within their highly impressive fund management teams and fund analysts. With a wide ranging and well performing portfolio of investments, this role will see the incumbent responsible for fund portfolio models, modelling support to fund management teams as well as being a member of the team managing Europeanwide performance measurement. Key Responsibilities / Duties: •In collaboration with fund management teams and other fund analysts to develop and maintain portfolio modelling. •Analysis of the underlying real estate through to a net investor position, including relevant debt, tax and fund flows, on a historic and forecast basis, and developing and maintaining cash flow forecasts for this. •The Fund Analyst will need to fully understand the relevant fund, its strategy, investment process and internal and external reporting requirements. •Work closely with the Finance and Fund Accounting teams to ensure modeling fully reflects tax, equity/debt financing structures and other corporate and fund investment structures. •Assisting in developing business plans, hold/sell decisions and portfolio strategies. •Work closely with the European Performance Manager to ensure standardisation of fund portfolio models across all products and liaise with the risk mgmt team on a regular basis to ensure their needs are met by the fund portfolio modelling. •Undertake special projects as assigned by the European Executive Board. Given the nature of the role it is essential that you are able to demonstrate the ability to hit the ground running here. Therefore, it is essential that Professional applying has experience in ideally a Real Estate Private Equity fund with investment transactional experience or valuation with RICS preferred in European Real Estate. Strong Excel skills are a prerequisite. This is an excellent role on offer at an exciting time for the business, with a salary and benefits package to match. For immediate consideration please call Sunil Basra on [contact details removed] quoting reference number SUB****