Title: Compliance Monitoring Advisor
Webindex: 68676015
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: This is an award winning specialist provider of regulated products. With sustained growth over the last few years they are now looking to add a compliance monitoring advisor to their regulatory team. The Role This is an interesting role giving you the opportunity to undertake a range of monitoring activities and support the Director of Compliance, to ensure regulatory risks are being managed effectively by business managers. Assisting with the compliance thematic reviews undertaken by the department such as data protection, fraud/AML or T C by helping to draw up monitoring papers, carrying out monitoring work and reporting on findings. The team also covers other ad hoc areas such as monitoring of telephone fulfilment activity, clear desk monitoring or other activities as required, such as support for external inspections. The Person You will need previous experience of working within the compliance/governancerelated departments of an FSA regulated organisation. Good commercial knowledge, with an understanding of financial products and how they are sold. Ideally educated to degree level. A great opportunity to join a market leading growing company. CDM130112 Compliance Monitoring Advisor is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include employee benefits, compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from one of our consultants you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComplianceMonitoringAdvisor_job****