Title: Senior Complaints Handler
Webindex: 71111518
Company: Randstad Financial Professional Ltd
Description: Our client is one of the most dynamic and fastest growing organisations in the UK. They are currently looking for an experienced Senior Complaints Handler to work in their specialist teams. Experience of complaints handling or dispute resolution within financial services is essential. You will be resolving disputes and you will be client facing, speaking to customers over the phone and writing to them. When consumers refer their complaints to my client, your job is to find out what happened and make reasonable decision on the outcome. You will follow up with the consumer or business whenever you need to. So it is important that you are a strong communicator. As a Senior Complaint Handler youll be a role model to our existing Complaint Handlers. Youll be trusted to resolve my clients most complex or sensitive complaints. Personal Requirements Experience Handling a wide variety of complex disputes. Experience of complaints handling or dispute resolution within financial services is essential. Knowledge and expertise in a specific product area of financial services. Delivering exceptional customer service Meeting and exceeding objectives and targets set remaining calm under pressure and showing initiative. you have excellent communication and customer service skills You must have an excellent telephone manner and be able to resolve issues in the most timeeffective way able to manage customer expectations well, and communicate outcomes clearly. Youre able to coach and mentor other staff whilst doing the day job. You share the best ways of working within your team and to a wider audience within the organisation. You positively contribute to your teams objectives. Randstad Financial Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations ****