Title: Assistant Mixed Tax Manager
Webindex: 69534002
Company: Wavelength   Public Practice Recruitment
Description: Assistant Mixed Tax Manager  Milton Keynes Our client is a wellestablished firm with offices in Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire and London. The firm has a prestigious client base throughout the UK and provides a highly professional service with a strong commitment to personal attention at all times. The MK office client base includes a significant number of ownermanaged businesses, including partnerships, sole traders and private companies as well as some private clients and high net worth individuals. The practice has identified a need for a qualified tax adviser with both personal and business nbsp;tax experience. The main duties will involve the management of the compliance cycle and assisting with the provision of tax advice to a variety of ownermanaged companies and businesses and will include some or all of the following: nbsp; Reviewing Corporation Tax computations and preparing CT****s Assisting the audit department in calculating tax provisions in accounts Reviewing individual and partnership tax returns including business and capital allowance computations Corresponding with clients and HM Revenue amp; Customs Reviewing P****Ds and other end of year returns Dealing with HM Revenue amp; Customs enquiries The successful candidate will have direct contact with clients and will be responsible for supervision of junior tax staff Assisting tax managers on tax advisory work and complex tax compliance issues Providing support to the Partners and tax managers in advising clients on tax planning opportunities. An understanding of selfemployed and company accounts would be advantageous. The successful candidate will be given their own portfolio of clients to manage. The Mixed Tax Supervisor will be expected to work with minimum supervision and to show initiative in dealing with clients rsquo; affairs. The person will also be expected to take responsibility for monitoring time budgets on their own portfolio of clients. There is a strong learning ethic throughout the firm and staff are actively encouraged to attend technical update courses. The Person The successful candidate will be a qualified Chartered Tax Adviser and have experience of working within a mixed tax department of an accountancy practice. A high standard of written and verbal communication skills is essential. The salary offered will depend on your current level of experience. To register your interest in this opportunity please click on the apply button and one of our consultants at Wavelength will deal with your enquiry.