Title: Southern Regional Sales Manager  Motor Finance
Webindex: 72239594
Company: CBC Recruitment Solutions
Description: Southern Regional Sales Manager  Motor Finance C ****k plus car and excellent benefits package Our client is a prestigious motor manufacturer finance company, with an excellent reputation in the industry. Due to an internal promotion, they are looking to recruit a Southern Regional Sales Manager, to manage and coach a highly successful and motivated team of field based Account Managers. We are looking for individuals who have proven sales leadership experience, gained within the automotive sector, (ideally from within retail motor finance) and who can demonstrate the ability to drive not only performance, but also develop and implement sales strategy for the brand. Key Responsibilities:  Deliver sales volumes, profitability and product targets in the region.  Motivate and manage the team of Business Development Managers to achieve their own objectives, ensuring all personnel are performing to the required standards, implementing improvement plans as appropriate.  Implement effective personal development plans for direct reports.  Ensure the Business Development philosophy of the business is understood and communicated to the team and the dealers  Analyse, plan and implement the sales strategy approach for the region recognising and maximising Business Development opportunities.  Establish and maintain key relationships with Retailers/Groups and Brands, and where appropriate, lead sales negotiations  Represent the company at appropriate Brand/Retailer events.  Deputise for the Head of Sales as appropriate.  Actively participate in the sales management team.  To carry out supervisory duties within the requirements of the FSA This is a key role within the organisation, so we are looking to speak to high calibre individuals, who can demonstrate career success, strong leadership qualities, and who have the desire to join a highly reputable and forward thinking organisation, where long term prospects are genuine for the right people. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SouthernRegionalSalesManagerMotorFinance_job****