Title: Business Risk Manager
Webindex: 69168775
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: This highly acclaimed national IFA and Wealth Manager, who are a provider of services to private and institutional clients, are recruiting a Business Risk Manager. The Role As Business Risk Manager, you with report to the Area Business Risk Manager and key duties will include;  Provides Risk oversight and consultancy for Area Manager Business Risk and Head of Business.  Ensures safe growth of our business by providing field based, front line quality control incorporating reactive and proactive risk review.  Implements corporate policy regarding regulatory requirements (compliance procedures) to effectively identify and manage the key risks (and monitor the low risks) within the Business Unit.  Supports in the monitoring and enhancement of quality of advice provided by acting on BAU feedback, to ensure that the business is meeting the FSA's TCF Outcome Four  where consumers receive advice, the advice is suitable and re?ects their needs, priorities and circumstances.  Supports, coaches and develops the Partnership and others within the team to improve levels of risk awareness, ethics and quality commitment. The Person The preferred candidate will have previously worked within regulatory Risk, Compliance, Training Competency (T C) or Sales Quality in a similar business. The Benefits This is an exciting opportunity to join a leading organisation that recognises their staff as their greatest assets. The successful applicant will become part of an established compliance and risk department who will also be considered for future career progression and a competitive financial package in the region of ****k. CDA**** Business Risk Manager is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include employee benefits, compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from one of our consultants you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessRiskManager_job****