Title: Claims Handler PL and EL
Webindex: 68667630
Company: Ideal Personnel & Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Our client has a vacancy for a Claims Handler, specializing in Employers and Public Liability.With a focus on quality and customer service, you will be proactive and respond promptly to daily caseloads. Experience of Noise Induced Hearing Loss claims is advantageous, with other types of disease claims desirable (eg VWF/Asbestos). Role  Case ownership – to deal with claim from beginning to end, referring upwards in accordance with Licencing levels.  Manage a portfolio of mainly EL and PL claims  Dealing with telephone queries, day to day within agreed service criteria.  Ensuring data accurate and updated as required.  Processing invoices, both interim and finals, referring where necessary.  Reviewing cases and workflow in a proactive manner and taking action to move claim forward, referring where necessary.  Dealing with and liaising with insurers, claimants and clients as appropriate.  Ensure work prioritised effectively.  Understanding measures and controls (eg lifecycles, average cost, indemnity/expense ratio). (Training available in this area).  Awareness of and compliance with service criteria throughout work.  Ensure personal targets are met.  Responsible for own personal and professional development and advancement. Personal Characteristics  Ability to work on own initiative  Ability to demonstrate attention to detail and accuracy particularly around data input  Ability to work as an individual and as part of a team  Excellent customer service and communication skills  A positive attitude and a proactive approach to solving problems  Able to coordinate a variety of actions concurrently Due to the large number of responses we receive it is not always possible to respond to every application. We will only contact those candidates shortlisted for this role. If you have not heard from us within 7 days please assume you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. If you wish to apply for further roles please do so. We will retain your details on file and contact you should a suitable vacancy become available. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClaimsHandlerPLandEL_job****