Title: Customer Insights Manager  Edinburgh or London
Webindex: 68708415
Company: RBS
Description: We're looking for a Customer Insight Manager to join our Strategy and Architecture function within the Business Services division at The Royal Bank of Scotland Group. You'll design and deliver customer analysis which challenges thinking and contributes to decision making across the Group. This role can be based in either Edinburgh or London. Business Services provides the services that keep RBS running, including Technology Services, Group Operations and Corporate Services. We put money in the ATMs, keep the Bank's technology systems operating, maintain the branch network, protect our customers from fraud, process millions of pounds of payments across the world and provide call centre and online services. We're also developing the new mobile banking technology, working environments for colleagues and strategies to stay ahead of the competition that are shaping the Group's future. Strategy and Architecture help the Group make better, more informed decisions regarding what, where, why, how we operate and who with. We do this through the provision of Strategy, Portfolio Management, Service Management and Architecture Services across the Group. As a Customer Insight Manager, you'll play a key role in increasing the understanding and recognition of endcustomer needs expectations to drive service design, delivery and mindsets. You'll implement the Voice of Customer (VOC) framework to drive rigorous standards of research analysis while contributing to an effective operating model. Effective stakeholder management is important in this role as you’ll design and deliver presentations, lead meetings and workshops with key business representatives. Additionally, you'll manage a team of business analysts, providing a platform for performance development, coaching, training and support. To be successful as a Customer Insight Manager, you'll need to have a strong track record of influencing, consulting and collaborating with a wide range of stakeholders at a senior level. It's also important for you to demonstrate significant experience in gathering customer insight, research, project management methodologies and workshop facilitation. You'll be commercially minded with the ability to derive actionable insights from customer data. And, you'll need to have excellent communication skills with the ability to interpret conceptual ideas and translate them in to meaningful solutions. In return, we offer an excellent employee salary and 30% cash and benefit funding programme which can be tailored to suit your individual needs. In addition to financial benefits, we offer a wide selection of exclusive lifestyle offers, development and learning programmes, services and support designed to help you manage and balance your own worklife priorities. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken. If you'd like to discuss this role in confidence please contact David Liddell on **** **** **** Did you know that RBS has won a number of awards as a top employer in the UK in 2012? Best Business Awards 'Best Employer', Business In The Community Top 10 'Ethnic Equality’ ‘Gender’, Working Families 'Top 10 Employer', Workingmums.co.uk Top Employer 'Employee Engagement’, The Times Top 50 ‘Where Women Want to Work’, The Times Top 100 'Graduate Employers’, and The Sunday Times 100 ‘Best Companies to Work For’. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerInsightsManagerEdinburghorLondon_job****