Title: Collections Manager
Webindex: 70576725
Company: Interaction Finance
Description: My client a fantastic progressive organisation based in Norwich city centre are currently seeking a Billing and Collections Manager to join their successful team. Main Purpose/Role: To manage the Billings Debt Chasing This covers the telephone calls made and emails sent or received aimed at chasing debt and confirming payments (as well as queries). Due to the nature of the systems used, preparation work is required to ensure the correct debt is being chased and to take into account recent payments or credits. Queries It is assumed that any case not processed for payment must surely be in query (this must be confirmed during the course of debt chasing see above). The nature of these queries must be established, investigated and resolved before the debt can be collected or removed. Reports The relevant reports must be generated to aid debt chasing and to comprehend current position in regards to debt outstanding. In addition, updates on payment promises or issues with chasing debt must be reported to the relevant departments to ensure an accurate picture of the current debt situation. Comprehensive reports may also be requested by the Chief Finance Officer. Red Statements The production and distribution of the Red Statements as a tool for debt collecting. Billings Ensure that the closure reports and invoices are raised correctly and sent to the relevant Principles. In addition, check the daily sales book in Sage to make sure it matches what has been invoiced. Process Manual Responsible for creating, maintaining and managing the process manual for the Billings Accounts Support The accounts department may require assistance to reconcile payments and the Principle s accounts. This not only aids in accurate bookkeeping but helps to collect outstanding fees by chasing the correct outstanding cases. In addition, it may be prudent to reconcile the bank statements to ensure all payments recorded have been received and banked. Finance Support Any adhoc requests or projects from the Chief Finance Officer. This role is responsible for these tasks, even if delegated to other members of the team. Admin Support It may be necessary to support and provide cover or resources for the Payment Processing Administrators due to holidays and sickness, or a sudden unpredicted temporary increase in workload. Client Visits Visits may be required if the resulting benefits exceed those possible via the telephone. This is a fantastic opportunity for an individual with previous experience within Credit Control and Billings to make their mark within this excellent organisation. Any experience within the insurance industry would be considered an asset. Please apply with an up to date CV to James at Interaction Recruitment for more information on this exciting role. Please be aware we are an agency and as such receive a high volume of applications. If you have heard nothing within **** working days please consider your application as unsuccessful