Title: Senior Compliance Associate
Webindex: 69122305
Company: Black Swan Associates Limited
Description: Senior Compliance Associate opportunity with Premier Hedge Fund excellent career path to become Deputy in the compliance team Role Details  A generalist compliance role, reporting in to the Chief Compliance Officer.  Helping to provide positive and practical assistance to the business, whilst maintaining appropriate regulatory control.  Deputising for the Chief Compliance Officer, providing positive and practical assistance, together with accurate and timely and detailed advice to all business areas.  Taking a proactive ownership of particular tasks and processes within the Compliance department, ensuring that tasks are delivered within the agreed timeframes.  Looking for ways to improve efficiencies and streamline current processes and practices.  To work in partnership with Senior Management and the business ensuring the promotion of good practice Compliance.  Providing support, advice and guidance as and when required to the rest of the compliance team.  Proactively manage regulatory change. Identifying future regulatory issues that will impact on the business.  Keeping up to date with global regulatory developments and updating internal policies and procedures from time to time.  Assisting the Chief Compliance Officer in maintaining a strong and positive relationship with the FSA/FCA.  Liaising with regulators as and when required.  Involvement with activities arising from the Firms relationship with AIMA and the Hedge Fund Standards Board, and other industry bodies.  Other general day to day compliance duties will include:  Compliance monitoring  Oversight of personal account dealing and gifts policies  Approved persons registrations  Provision of monitoring functions relating to anti money laundering  Providing relevant compliance training using various media  Reviewing marketing and client documentation Skill Set Required  At least 5 years experience within a compliance role at a hedge fund or a traditional asset management business that invests in hedge funds.  Understanding of a broad range of asset classes including complex fixed income products and derivatives.  Strong presentational and interpersonal skills.  Can work with colleagues at all levels, including senior management.  A broad and thorough regulatory knowledge across the wider asset management industry.  Excellent communication and report writing skills  Education to degree level at a respected university with respectable marks