Title: Assistant Finance Manager/ Finance Analyst
Webindex: 68622249
Company: Experis
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen to join a world leading global organisation, our client Unilever are currently looking for an Assistant Finance Manager /Finance Analyst to join their friendly team based at their office in Blackfriars, London . This is full time temporary position for minimum of 6 months paying a salary of ****per annum ( pro rata). PLEASE NOTE This role may require 2 days per week travelling to the Leatherhead office.( expenses will be paid) This is role is a challenging Business Analyst role, based within the Global and European Deodorant Finance team. The objective of the role is to support the Category Deodorant Finance teams through: Monitoring business performance and providing critical information to the category. Adhoc financial analysis and modelling. Interpretation of financial results to identify key trends and explain this to nonfinancial colleagues. Tracking and investigation of marketing spend versus budget Support the development of business cases for innovations including investment appraisal. Business Performance Management  generate and analyse country P&Ls and forecast and use of external Information on the markets and be able to communicate findings with stakeholders. Support the control of the Category Innovation Plan (budget) for the brand teams on a monthly basis. Return on Marketing Investment and Profitability Analysis Ad hoc analysis of category & brand performance Assist with the development of business cases for Deodorant innovation projects:: Provide financial view on the opportunity Understand and apply Unilever Innovation Process Management (IPM) system principles at each stage of project as well as investment concepts (Return on Investment concepts, estimated gross and incremental P&L opportunity, sensitivity analysis, profitability and portfolio management) Work with the network of country Finance contacts to brief out and align country business cases Proven Commercial Finance experience. Graduate, with Professional qualifications: CIMA or ACCA partqualified preferred or qualified by experience. Experience in a multinational would be an advantage. An experienced Finance Analyst/Assistant Finance Manager. The Candidate must be selfdriven and able to proactively work on their own on a day to day basis. Passion for delivery, the ability to see the bigger picture and proactiveness in planning ahead is crucial. Excellent analytical and numerical skills. Ability to communicate financial concepts to nonFinance stakeholders  good oral and written communication skills. Ability to build relationships with an international network and key stakeholders across different levels in the organisation. Ability to work in a virtual environment