Title: Customer Support Executive – Turkish
Webindex: 71829007
Company: Dow Jones International Ltd
Description: • Do you have a can do attitude and a passion for customer service? • Fluent in English and Turkish? • Want to kickstart your career with a recognised leader in the world of global news business information? Who is my manager? Customer Service Manager Who are we? Synonymous with accuracy, integrity and trust, Dow Jones Company is one of the most respected brands in providing news and business information worldwide. What is the role? Join a multinational organisation that focuses on its people, work within our Global Customer Support team, learn and grow your career as you mature into your role. Your role as a Customer Support staff is to provide an excellent service to customers on various Dow Jones products, ensuring customer satisfaction and customer loyalty to Dow Jones as well as assisting and acting as a point of reference with the Customer Service Manager. What is my personal contribution? • Assist customers with online access and queries • Escalate and liaise with Retention and Sales teams where necessary. • Ensuring customers receive accurate and timely updates and resolution to their queries; • Documenting details of all inquiries accurately, efficiently and comprehensively • Assist the Customer Service Manager with new initiatives and projects. What do you need from me? • Fluency in English and Turkish essential • Proven experience in a telephone and email based support environment involving complex products; • Excellent verbal and written skills with the ability to establish trust, reliability and expertise over the phone and in written communication. • Ability to assimilate complex product knowledge and identify appropriate solutions. • A good technical aptitude and previous experience supporting Windows and Web applications in a web driven environment. • Knowledge of online business information, financial and corporate markets including experience and information in a professional environment. • A university degree is desirable. • A proven commitment to customer satisfaction with a resilience to maintain positive attitude in an often busy and intense environment What we offer? In return, we offer a professional, progressive and multicultural environment for you to grow both personally as well as a wide range of benefits offered by a global company. How do you apply? If you feel that this exciting and fast paced position matches your skills, experience and motivation then please submit your CV which must state your salary expectations to be considered. Please note only candidates requested for interview will be contacted.