Title: Director Of Client Accounts
Webindex: 68684110
Company: Robert Half   Bristol
Description: The Company Our client, a leading and dynamic White Collar Services Company, is currently recruiting for a Director of Client Accounts, reporting directly to Client Operations Technology PAM/ Head of Client Accounts. The Role As Director of Client Accounts, you will drive the creation of an industry leading Client Accounts function that is considered a Centre of Excellence both internally and externally; working with the other lead Directors to optimise profitability through increasing efficiency and closely controlling costs. You will recruit, retain, motivate and develop teams who deliver the highest professional standards and excellent customer service; whilst ensuring that statutory and legislative requirements are met. You will ensure continued management of risk by compliance with documented procedures and controls and ensure regular reporting of management information that provides transparency to the business on the performance of the Client Accounts operation against key performance indicators and benchmarks. The successful candidate will be qualified (ACCA, ACA or CIMA) with two years post qualification accounting experience; with large accounting operations background. You will have strong people management, interpersonal and mentoring skills; committed to the provision of excellent customer service, excellent verbal and written communication skills and confidence in public speaking. Working knowledge of MS Word, Excel (including the use of pivot tables), PowerPoint and Outlook is also required. Salary Benefits Director of Client Accounts Bristol **** ****  Car  Bonus Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DirectorOfClientAccounts_job****