Title: Personal Injury Negotiator Litigation Assistant
Webindex: 71836820
Company: Huntress
Description: Huntress Group are recruiting for a leading insurance and underwriting group with headquarters based in Essex and regional offices and they are seeking new additions to their permanent Litigation and Personal Injury teams. Litigations Assistant  Chelmsford, Essex We are looking for someone to competently handle all cases and to be comfortable managing these whether they are acting as Claimant or as Defendant. The successful candidate will be proactive and think about cost effectiveness for their division whilst focus on their personal fee earning target. You will be able to focus on the divisional business plan objectives of customer service, brand identity and profitability. Key Skills and Responsibilities  Responsible for own caseload and dealing with County Court matters from inception to judgement or negotiated settlement, whether as claimant or defendant, whilst achieving set personal fee earning targets.  To manage each case in a cost effective, efficient manner and in accordance with set procedures and authority levels, ensuring case reserves are promptly set on a realistic case scenario, accurately recorded on internal systems and regularly reviewed.  To professionally deal with witnesses, investigations of fact and preparing for issue or the defence of the claim in a timely manner, attending court when agreed and instructing counsel and agents wherever necessary. To possess and maintain a competent level of knowledge to advise Claims department on liability and quantum issues and the way forward at the commencement of any action. Required to organise, prioritise and control his/her work on a daily basis, in an efficient manner, in accordance with company procedures.  Required to regularly monitor own workload and throughput, to ensure timely and accurate dissemination of information as appropriate to Management Team. Advise management Team, or when required, Division level, on any matters where instructions may be received or an opinion sought and proactively utilise and develop the use of IT for the production of correspondence, reports, pleadings etc.  Responsible for maintaining own court diary system to ensure accurate recording and timely action on arising matters. Ensure the maintenance and building of strong relationships with internal and external customers, representing Just Law at meetings, and through proactive involvement in marketing matters such as client and policyholder meetings, reporting appropriately as required. Through providing quality service and expert advice ensure confidence and satisfaction are upheld to our policyholders. The post holder will be able to fulfill a technical role within the Legal team and will be required to posses a sound technical knowledge within their field. A challenging role with the emphasis being on providing a high level of technical expertise on RTA and/or smaller EL/PL cases handled for the Division and settling in a cost efficient and timely manner. The job holder will be required to competently handle cases to an authority level of **** whilst maintaining first class levels of customer service and will seek advice and guidance if necessary from the Senior Litigation Assistant, tapping into their expertise and knowledge to enhance the job holders own skill set. We are seeking experienced candidates only as you will be dealing with EL/PL and motor and will have the opportunity to work on the higher value claims. Personal Injury Negotiator  Basingstoke, Hampshire Our client is a worldwide underwriter and they are seeking an experienced negotiator with advanced personal injury claims experience. A fast paced and highly professional team are looking for a candidate with exceptional negotiation skills, passion for the job and industry and a well evidenced understanding of the MOJ portal (Levels ****  ****). The successful candidate will be knowledgeble and willing to work hard. Will be comfortable working with cases with up to a ****K authorisation limit. Key Experience and skills required:  Personal Injury experience gained in a Syndicate or Insurance Company Good all round Personal Injury claims knowledge Understanding of Syndicate s policy Able to Work as part of a team and on own initiative Strong communication and interpersonal skills Excellent influencing and negotiation skills Investigatory skills Relationship building Excellent customer service skills Professional approach with commercial awareness Attention to detail IT literate with fast, accurate data entry and processing skills The ability to multitask with a flexible approach Ability to work to deadlines Medical knowledge If you are a dynamic career minded individual who wants to progress within a rewarded and energetic team environment this is a great opportunity. Candidates must demonstrate their experience in a similar role and evidence their knowledge of PI claims as well as be comfortable training and mentoring peers and less experienced members of the team. If this sounds like the role for you please submit your CV today Huntress Group does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to this role.