Title: Inbound Mortgage Sales
Webindex: 68672775
Company: Spring Personnel
Description: The Inbound Mortgage Sales Associate role is based within Leeds Contact Centre. The role of the Inbound Mortgage Sales Associate is to be a key member of our HSBC Direct team, based within our contact centre, and you'll be responsible for providing a high quality, customer driven mortgage related sales service, by proactively identifying and addressing customer needs over the telephone, in order to assist HSBC Direct in the achievement of its service promise and sales income targets. You will be taking calls and resolving customer queries, focusing on understanding their needs and identifying the ways in which we can help them. To apply for this role, you need to: genuinely enjoy constant telephone contact with customers, be able to communicate professionally in English, have had previous contact centre or strong retail sales experience and be willing to work flexibly. You will need to be willing to work flexibly, as the role will involve different working patterns. The department opening hours are 8.00am to 10.00pm, Monday to Sunday. You will be allocated a working pattern within these hours, up to a maximum of 35 hours per week. Your responsibilities will include: Complete the sales of nonregulated personal products (mortgages, bank accounts, overdrafts, personal loans, saving accounts and general insurance polices)  completing applications or referring more complex customer needs to a suitably accredited colleague Deal with everyday queries from our customers Identify customer needs and translate these into crossselling opportunities Encourage the use of the Bank's alternative delivery channels (e.g. internet and mobile) according to the customer's needs Qualifications The ideal candidate for this role will have: Experience working in relevant market/context, i.e. frontline customer service Experience of working towards sales targets and willingness to be assessed against sales achievements Experience working in relevant environment/s, i.e. working in a call centre is desirable but not essential An open, flexible and supportive approach to change and innovation Achieved targets and met expectations whilst supporting and encouraging others to do the same Self awareness with confidence to work independently and take responsibility for own development Both spoken and written communication skills with experience of sharing information effectively, in a clear, concise and professional manner Experience of planning and prioritising their own time effectively, aware of their responsibilities and committed to delivering these efficiently Experience of building effective customer relationships which create customer advocacy Demonstrated an ability to match products and services with clients' needs to generate sales in an ethical manner In addition to the details listed above, the ideal candidate will need to be resilient and someone who thrives on providing exceptional service and working towards achieving stretching sales targets, without ever losing sight of what's best for the customer and not just for the business. As you resolve customer queries and decide on the best course of action, you'll look for and follow through on crossselling opportunities. With a fantastic range of products and services to choose from, there'll be plenty of opportunities for you to play your part in generating further income. When you succeed, you'll find our bonuses are competitive and as we're a global brand, you'll have plenty of opportunities to develop and progress your career with us. At HSBC we are open to different ideas and cultures, connected to our customers, communities and each other and dependable, we do the right thing. These are the values that guide us every day. We seek to recruit people who share these values and will help us to sustain them. Spring Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Spring Group plc is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Posting Time This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InboundMortgageSales_job****