Title: Senior Credit Modelling Analyst
Webindex: 68679518
Company: 2020 Technology
Description: All inclusive salary of ****K  ****K depending on experience. You'll have several years in depth multiproduct and Basel modelling experience in a UKbased financial services environment. You'll be designing and leading analytical projects or providing supporting analysis and you'll certainly be rolling up your sleeves and delivering the analysis yourself. Analysis and Modelling We work right across the spectrum of Credit and Fraud Risk to bring analytical expertise to bear on business problems. From development and monitoring application or behavioural scorecards, to developing Basel models, predicting fraud cases, modelling affordability or optimising Collections contact, our analysts have a broad range of experience and a pragmatic approach. We’re also experts in marketing analysis and insight, collating, managing and analysing huge volumes of data to create a single customer view for any marketing campaign. Where and how we work You will be based from home but will be working on client sites on average 34 days per week. You’ll be given the technical kit and support you need to work remotely. Our clients are all over the UK so a willingness to travel is essential. This approach gives us access to the best people wherever they live. Where appropriate, internal or client meetings are held at our offices in London, Sheffield, Newbury, Swindon, Ipswich and Derby. We are professional without unnecessary formality, and both our people and clients welcome and enjoy this refreshing approach. Benefits **** Consulting offers the opportunity to grow in a unique working environment. Our approach is to provide an excellent salary and bonus opportunities in line with an individual’s experience and market value. Following successful completion of a **** month probationary period, we offer life cover and a pension contribution (subject to terms of contract). Your Skills and Experience You… are a specialist in modelling, with several years in depth multiproduct and Basel experience in a UK based financial services environment. have expert knowledge and in depth practical experience (at least 5 years) of segmentation and varied statistical modelling techniques in a UK retail credit risk environment. will be designing and leading analytical projects; or providing supporting analysis as part of a wider consultancy engagement; and you will certainly be rolling up your sleeves and delivering the analysis yourself. have an expert understanding of the credit function and the impacts of the analysis you will deliver. have a comprehensive knowledge of consumer credit products and risk assessment methodologies and an excellent understanding of the drivers of credit profitability. have a wealth of industry experience. are commercially astute. have practical experience of using SAS. have a good degree in a numerate discipline. will have an exceptional track record in your career to date. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorCreditModellingAnalyst_job****