Title: Project Accountant: Central Finance ****month fixed term contract
Webindex: 69928349
Company: Arqiva
Description: Arqiva is a communications infrastructure and media services company spearheading the provision of network solutions and services in the digital world. We provide much of the infrastructure behind television, radio, satellite and wireless communications, both in the UK and globally. Customers include worldrenowned major broadcasters and telco providers. As Project Accountant ndash; Central Finance reporting to the Group Accounting Manager, you rsquo;ll support several projects being delivered by Central Finance, with a focus on process and reporting improvements for management information. This will involve: nbsp; bull; reviewing the processes and reporting in place for specified central costs and distinct areas of accounting and making recommendations for improvement nbsp; bull; liaising closely with the Group Accounting Manager to determine the optimal process and owner for these areas nbsp; bull; completing handover to facilitate the end goal, providing transition support where necessary bull; ad hoc analysis and review. Your overarching goal will be to help establish Central Finance as a centre of accounting excellence. So input into systems development will also be a feature of the role. Ideally qualified Accountant (ACA or equivalent), although significant commercial accounting may be appropriate, you rsquo;ll have proven strong accounting skills. Your impressive track record will include experience of implementing process and reporting improvements, preferably within a large, corporate environment, along with demonstrable knowledge of relevant systems, including Microsoft Office and Oracle Financials. Your attributes will include: bull; strong interpersonal and communication skills bull; the ability to handle sensitive issues constructively bull; a willingness to take ownership and accountability bull; a real passion for teamwork. Your ability to engender integrity, trust and respect will complement a drive for high performance and a true business and customer focus. This Project Accountant role is a Fixed Term 12 month contract. If we rsquo;ve just described you and how you can play a key Financial role in support of our developing technologies, then please click on the apply button below.