Title: T & C Consultant
Webindex: 68707295
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: This nationwide Wealth Manager Financial Planner is recruiting for a Training Competency Consultant on a fulltime, permanent basis. The Role As Training Competency Consultant, you will report to the Compliance Operations Manager. Key duties include;  Review Monitoring of the advisors  Provide compliance advice and guidance to assist the Advisers in maintaining required levels of performance and knowledge on regulatory issues  Investigating areas of underperformance, reporting findings, recommending remedial action, preparing action plans and tracking completion  Reporting on supervision activity, issues and highlighted trends to ensure Senior Management are regularly informed and that TCF embedment is evidenced within the business. The Person Essentially you will be have obtained or working towards diploma status in Financial Planning and have worked in a similar capacity within an IFA or Wealth Manager. The Benefits This is an excellent opportunity to join a growing organisation who offer excellent career progression opportunities, as well as a competitive financial package in the region of ****k. CDA****  Training Competency Consultant is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include employee benefits, compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from one of our consultants you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TCConsultant_job****