Title: Rent Income Officer  Development Services
Webindex: 62003064
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Rent Income Officer  Development Services Reference no: Warwick **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: CV**** 5 What s involved with this role: To manage tenants rent and sub accounts and to take action to prevent arrears and to recover rent and other charges owed to the Council within a specified geographical area. To support the tenant to pay the right rent at the right time. Manage current rent accounts and sub accounts for court costs, housing benefit overpayments and supporting people payments by taking appropriate action to prevent and recover arrears in accordance with Council Policy and Procedures Update the Council s I.T system and other recording systems as appropriate Arrange affordable repayment plans with tenants in arrears. Identify those cases appropriate for direct payments and direct debit , and ensure that correct procedures are carried out to avoid the tenants debt increasing. Take card payments over the telephone for those tenants in arrears. Ensure that the appropriate advice is given to tenants to prevent rent arrears, through personal contact by telephone, visit or office interview. Create a culture of financial inclusion and early intervention. Identify those tenants who require additional support in order to sustain their tenancies, and refer to the Financial Inclusion Officer or to the relevant support agencies. Work in partnership with other colleagues, departments and organisation to help tenants remain in their tenancies. Visit tenants as appropriate to hand deliver legal and statutory notices, letters or other written communication and ensure that tenants receive these communications within the appropriate time restraints Keeping to the PreCourt Protocol identify cases requiring County Court Proceedings and prepare the correct documentation for authorisation by the Rents and Finance Manager. Identify cases for Eviction Warrant, prepare the correct documentation for authorisation by the Rents and Finance Manager Attend Court User Group meetings Be the representative for Warwick District Council at Rental Possession Hearings and applications to Suspend Warrants at the County Court. Ensure that all information is correct and up to date at time of hearing Attend and carry out Evictions N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are available to start work immediately OR at short notice. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of **** years recent debt recovery experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation 4 Years customer service experience in a similar environment Knowledge of Housing Benefits Knowledge of Housing Law Must possession a full driving licence and have access to personal transport Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Development Services/Housing/Rental Income Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 45 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited