Title: Finance Systems Support Analyst  SAP
Webindex: 67947850
Company: BizTek Recruitment Limited
Description: Finance System Support Analyst  SAP My client, a large Data Publishing company, is looking for a Finance Systems Analyst. This is a permanent role within the Finance Information Systems department whose responsibility is to support, develop and maintain the Groups Finance Systems, as well as providing Finance systems expertise, support and resources to other Business projects. This Finance Systems Analyst role is to support the Finance user community in the UK and Europe in their use of SAP finance and the companies finance processes. The Finance Systems Analyst will when necessary also support the implementation of SAP process changes and enhancements. The main responsibilities of the role will be that of User Support, providing first line support for the SAP finance user community in the UK and Europe. This will involve developing training material, performing user training, and maintaining system documentation and work instructions. The Analyst will also perform SAP recurring processes e.g. month end tasks and maintenance of SAP finance module. The role will also entails supporting other financial systems, e.g. credit card processing system as well as developing an understanding of the company s consolidation and reporting system and how this interacts with SAP. At times the Finance System Analyst will be required to work with internal SAP finance users to investigate, analyse, design and test small to medium SAP finance change requests. Suitable Finance Systems Analysts are likely to have come from an accounting/finance background and have strong skills/experience with Finance processes and SAP finance. They should have some basic SAP FI/CO configuration knowledge. They will preferably have some experience in managing process change projects for internal users and developing and writing operational procedures, documentation and work instructions. They should have advanced skills in Excel and Word and it is important the Analyst is able to work independently.