Title: Corporate Development Executive  Birmingham
Webindex: 69122492
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Corporate Development Executive Birmingham c**** plus benefits A leading insurance broker is looking for a Corporate Development Executive to join their team in Birmingham and maximise new business potential. The Role Working from the Birmingham office, this role comes with responsibility for your own region and autonomy to make quick decisions. You will develop the Corporate Insurance book with businesses throughout the Midlands by sourcing opportunities and following leads in order to maximise profit and book growth. You will be working within New Business Development only, there will be no servicing in this role. The Company Our client are an international, independent insurance group who provide a professional service to all their clients. Their high level of service has gained them an excellent reputation within the market. The company rewards their employees highly and in relation each individual s contribution. They provide assistance with studying for professional qualifications and a generous benefits package including an annual bonus, pension plan and private healthcare scheme. The Benefits Salary circa **** plus car allowance and an excellent range of benefits including pension plan and a flexible employee benefits scheme. The Person For your application to be considered, you must have strong knowledge of corporate insurance risks and be a confident communicator with a proven background in achieving (and where possible exceeding) new business targets. Insurance qualification would be preferred. Please visit URL removed for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.