Title: Private Equity Accountant
Webindex: 67382397
Company: Carnegie Consulting
Description: THE COMPANY Our client is a panEuropean equity, debt and mezzanine investment business with over ****billion of assets under management. The business invests in both management and employee buyouts and private equity buyout deals. As well as this it also provides capital directly to private and public companies throughout Europe in a diverse range of industry sectors. THE OPPORTUNITY The finance function is currently looking to strengthen its team with the appointment of an experienced fully qualified accountant. Reporting into the head of the financial reporting team, this diverse role will have full responsibility for the oversight of the accounting, internal and external reporting, internal close porcesses and SOX controls, as well as the organizational development of the accounting functions for each of the European operating companies. This will include the provision of technical accounting advice, commentary and insight on operating company business activities, and the implementation of and monitoring of key internal controls. You will also act as a liaison between the operating companies and the backoffice departments of this business and its headoffice (such as Corporate Accounting, Treasury and the FP&A team). YOUR PROFILE You will be a fully qualified accountant with a strong working knowledge of US GAAP, and specifically experience of accounting matters related to complex consolidations, foreign currency reporting and local to US GAAP adjustments. On top of this strong UK GAAP, IFRS or French GAAP would be a distinct advantage, as would experience of working with a headoffice environment in a multilocation and, ideally, international environment. You will also need to have excellent IT skills (to include advanced spreadsheet skills and Hyperion) and also the ability to communicate at all levels, both internally and with the operating companies and headoffice. The ability to speak French would be a distinct advantage.