Title: Regulatory Consultant  Central Functions
Webindex: 68713021
Company: The Co operative Banking Group
Description: Grow your career, in a unique organisation that is growing too. Working as part of a team that identifies potential regulatory risks through analysis and interpretation of all appropriate MI to ensure the advisory/monitoring schedule is effectively actioned and prioritised. Undertake the assessment of the effectiveness of compliance and risk management activity across Finance Operations and recommend necessary changes. Identify and escalate instances of inappropriate or inadequate management of regulatory risks in the first line of defence . Oversee remediation of control weaknesses relating to Regulatory Risk, ensuring that these are set up and resourced appropriately by Finance and tracked to conclusion. Providing expert regulatory related advice via the efficient provision of high quality relationship management to support the Finance operation on both a proactive and on request basis . As part of the Cooperative Banking Group, you will join our Regulatory Risk team as a Regulatory Consultant and work for the benefit of our members and customers. Working as part of the team your role will incorporate two distinct elements, namely monitoring and advice. Ensuring an effective Corporate and Business banking control framework including systems and processes to guarantee that current and future exposure to regulatory risk is identified, monitored and reported. You’ll focus on conduct risk to ensure fair treatment of our customers and delivery of appropriate customer outcomes. You will also provide strong oversight and have the ability to challenge and influence the senior management as part of the Finance team. To do this successfully you will need to have the following skills and experience: Significant previous experience working for a financial services firm in a compliance or similar role and / or have extensive knowledge of Finance Operations relating to Prudential and Financial reporting areas of the functions operations. Demonstrate Subject Matter Expertise with regard to the UK financial services sector regulatory system, relevant Prudential regulation, regulatory processes and their relevance to a banking group. Good understanding of a banking groups core finance activities. Experience of providing high quality, practical, pragmatic advice on the interpretation and impact of regulatory requirements and standards in a relevant business context;demonstrating both business and customer focus in doing so, maintaining an appropriate balance between the two. Highly developed analytical and interpretative skills. Excellent communication, relationship building and influencing skills, able to present and influence effectively at meetings with senior managers Ability to work independently and manage time effectively in order to meet deadlines without inappropriate sacrifice of quality. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegulatoryConsultantCentralFunctions_job****