Title: Sales Account Manager, B2B Affiliate Sales
Webindex: 70250828
Company: Park Street People
Description: Our client, a financial services provider is currently recruiting for a Sales Account Manager (Affiliate Sales), to develop and close new affiliate relationships for example within the overseas property emigration sectors. You will generate revenue streams for my client’s private corporate client financial products via IFAs, wealth managers and small corporate channel affiliates partners. Core duties will include; maintaining a pipeline of prospective affiliate partners (to agreed KPIs), developing new business opportunities through telemarketing, business networking and attending events/seminars. The ideal candidate will possess excellent telephone manner the ability speak an additional European language will be seen as advantageous, however not essential. The ideal candidate will be a confident Sales Account Manager with experience in Affiliate/Partner verticals in a B2B Sales role. The successful candidate will be able to manage and run online marketing campaigns with a view to expanding your sales pipeline, with an awareness of PPC and SEO to support the promotion of a product/brand. The ideal candidate will have expertise gained ideally within either commercial FX, property, emigration, IFA, wealth management sales role. The successful candidate will be target driven; a team player with good communication skills. In return our client is offering a competitive salary and OTE/bonus, along with a benefits package. Due to high levels of interest in this vacancy only successful applicants will be contacted. Please submit your CV via this website today Park Street People Ltd is an Equal Opportunities Employer. We do not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and comply with all relevant UK legislation. We are acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesAccountManagerB2BAffiliateSales_job****