Title: Financial Crime Specialist
Webindex: 68680217
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Financial Crime Specialist based in Bristol. The successful applicant will be responsible for undertaking anti financial crime related activities and act as a specialist subject matter expert. The successful candidate will be responsible for;  Providing effective Policy, Advice and Governance services across the organisation  Identifying and managing a broad range of topics/issues simultaneously whilst balancing competing priorities.  Developing and managing the relationship with key individuals across multiple Business Units / Subsidiary / Outsourcer arrangements to support compliance with relevant policies and measures.  Effectively communicating complex issues clearly and credibly across varied audiences  Act as a technical expert and confidently demonstrates subject matter expertise to others often in difficult and demanding situations.  Responsible for monitoring and overseeing financial crime related requirements of the business, subsidiaries and outsourced arrangements. Ensures standards are set, good practice is known and consistency is achieved where practicable. Evaluates theories, principles and practices to develop practical solutions to complex challenges.  Applies legislation, FSA regulation, policies, procedures and standards in unique situations where multiple interpretations and courses of action need to be considered. Applicants will have the following skills and experience;  Practical experience of financial crime risks, controls and issues  Excellent interpersonal, relationship building, verbal and written communication skills required.  Successful collaboration with internal and external peer groups; a proven track record of dealing with staff at all levels including Senior Management  Strong analytical capabilities.  Knowledge of relevant criminal and civil legal process would be useful.  Achievement of, or progress towards, a Financial Crime professional qualification would be an advantage. Additional Information We prefer all applications to be submitted online, however if you have any queries please call a member of the resourcing team on the number provided. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialCrimeSpecialist_job****