Title: Prudential Financial Planning Adviser
Webindex: 69088945
Company: Prudential
Description: The flight to quality has begun. Will you help us provide the welcome? We're reviving the great tradition of Prudential financial advice, at a time when uncertainty is compelling customers to seek quality. If you have the necessary qualities, we need you to help us greet the demand. During the 20th Century The Man from the Pru became the trusted financial adviser for as many as one in three households in the UK. Changing markets took us away from financial advice but in 2011 we returned with the launch of Prudential Financial Planning. Since then we've witnessed a great upsurge in demand from all those who still recall our legacy. It gives us the best kind of challenge: how to supply the demand and honour so much goodwill. We've identified **** priority customers, who need sound financial guidance as they approach retirement. We've also built strong relationships with key employersponsored schemes, ready to offer financial advice to their employees. And now we're looking for exceptional individuals to join us as Financial Advisers (we call them Partners). You will need the qualities necessary for earning trust: experience, wisdom, emotional intelligence and an entrepreneurial instinct, tempered by a strong sense of prudence. You must have a proven record of achievement and be Diploma qualified, ideally making headway to becoming Chartered. We're seeking Partners to fulfil either of two roles: Direct Partners You'll build relationships with priority customers and provide the clarity, confidence and peace of mind they seek from Prudential. You'll be entrusted with a portfolio of high quality potential clients. Corporate Partners You'll help the corporate financial planning team take our relationships to a new level. You'll work closely with a member of the corporate relationship team, building a client bank through introductions, presentations and approved direct approaches. Experience of presenting to large groups would give you an advantage. In both roles you will have the benefit of our strong product range and arguably one of the most comprehensive and expertly managed multiasset investment propositions available. We are particuarly interested in hearing from individuals located in: Cambridgeshire/Suffolk Derbyshire East Sussex Inverness Kent Liverpool Lancashire/Cheshire Monmouthsire Northern Ireland Northumberland North West Wales Shropshire Somerset Southampton South Essex Southern Greater London Staffordshire Surrey West Midlands West Sussex Yorkshire You'll receive all the support you'd expect from Prudential, including full training and professional development resources and a firstclass reward package. And you'll join a team of experienced professionals with strong values and a true sense of purpose. .