Title: Finance Commercial Analyst  Fantastic Insurance Company
Webindex: 66599669
Company: Spring Technology
Description: Background and Purpose: Commercial Management performs two main roles: An advisory function to the wider Group Head Office business in relation to the engagement, contractual governance and control of all 3rd party IT relationships; and Management and control of IT. finances, including the preparation and ongoing management of costs and recharges to the wider business. This role will work closely with IT. Management, Group Finance, Accounts Payable and suppliers to ensure that costs are managed, planned and properly accounted for and authorised. Job Scope: Responsible for accounting and reporting of IT. finances Liaising with Business areas to obtain approval for IT Business recharges (application support and project related) Recording invoices received and managing the authorisation process Maintaining departmental project code register Managing the departmental Timesheet system and producing weekly/monthly analysis Principal Accountabilities: Office based with occasional travel; Develop and maintain detailed project budgets for IT. related expenditure Ensure appropriate financial control procedures are developed and implemented within IT. to approve and track expenditure and recharges; Maintain close links to Group Finance and carry out reconciliations of IT. finances as appropriate Provide guidance to business areas regarding procedures, controls and reporting processes; Prepare BusinessAsUsual, project and consolidated financial summaries for cost areas; Identify opportunities for cost savings and/or process efficiencies and make recommendations to the Head of Commercial Management as appropriate Compliance  To ensure that you understand and adhere to Code of Conduct and where appropriate, comply with all relevant regulatory policies. This includes completion of any mandatory training requirements: oFinancial Controls  Ensure all expenditure commitments (orders, contracts, budgets etc) and all payments are properly authorised, controlled and monitored, in accordance with UK delegated authority requirements. oThe responsibilities of expenditure authorisers are documented in the UK Financial Procedures Manual. Core Competences Required: Selfstarter Financial numeracy with an attention to detail Good understanding of financial and management accounting techniques and standards Strong written and verbal communication skills, particularly in relation to financial information Good presentation skills and in particular the ability to convey complex issues confident yet simplistically Analytical and commercial Dedication and commitment Able to 'see the big picture' Able to work to tight deadlines Knowledge and Skills: Strong numerical and analytical skills Advanced Excel and other MS Office applications experience Qualified CIMA or ACCA Accountant Previous experience of managing multimillion cost centres and projects The ability to rapidly gain credibility at all levels within Prudential and demonstrate strong communication skills Ability to identify and drive through cost savings and efficiencies across complex, multidimensional programmes If you are potentially interested in this opportunity please apply now hyphen Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.