Title: Reinsurance Technician  (ACII study pkge)
Webindex: 68677616
Company: Taylor James Resourcing
Description: A Technician with insurance/reinsurance experience is required to work in this broad technical position, for an International Reinsurance Group. This is working in an excellent environment in the City. Training and acii exam package will be offered for the successful. The role is to be responsible for the ceded business for clients, this includes: processing of client accounts, recording claims notified, performing a full range of credit control procedures, analysis of client data, liaising with other business units on client related issues and effective management of relationships with assigned clients. Duties  Interpret, validate and record details of all ceded reinsurance transactions on the company business systems, including Statement of Accounts, claims notifications, experience refunds etc. Perform all aspects of company credit control procedures. Perform all aspects of risk accumulation control procedures. Prepare billings and supporting documentation for retrocessionnaires. Ensure claims are settled promptly and in accordance with treaty conditions. Ensure that client settlements are identified promptly and paired against related technical bookings Participate in client administration audits as required Create and maintain full and accurate client files both in paper and electronic formats. Acquire and maintain a thorough understanding of company business systems. Respond in a timely and professional manner to all correspondence from clients. Maintain a thorough understanding of assigned client portfolio's analysing client data as required. Manage and report on relationships with assigned clients. Prepare management reports and communicate details of potential reporting issues as and when necessary. Establish good working relationships with the appropriate representatives from client offices. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ReinsuranceTechnicianACIIstudypkge_job****