Title: Risk Dispute Team leaderFinancial services CoCity
Webindex: 67299668
Company: Diamond Resourcing
Description: The Company My client is one of Europe s most innovative payment solutions companies. They facilitate payments for both consumers and businesses and, in partnership with the a major Bank, now also support payment solutions for government councils throughout the UK. The Role To manage the Risk team and Internal/External fraud risks to the business. Act as leader and subject matter expert for Fraud, Disputes, Collections and Chargebacks. Role Summary: Manage the Risk team and Internal/External fraud risks to the business. Act as leader and subject matter expert for Fraud, Disputes, Collections and Chargebacks. Main Purpose of Job: Managing all aspects of Operational Risk, specifically protecting the business against all fraud, financial crime and loss. Training, developing and managing staff to ensure all tasks are completed within agreed service levels to a high degree of efficiency and quality. Monitor, mitigate and manage internal and external risks to the business. Duties Main Tasks: Assess and manage internal and external fraud risks to the business, making recommendations and implementing solutions that eliminate or mitigate known risks. Develop fraud reporting and metrics, ensuring there is a detailed, analytical understanding of all relevant data. Develop and maintain Processes and Procedures and ensure they are fully compliant with requirements of the Financial Services Authority and the relevant Card Scheme(s). Train and develop Risk team to ensure an effective cross functional department with appropriate coverage of all functional areas. Hold regular team meetings and monthly ****s with members of Risk team. Problem solving for difficult customer situations, process failures and system issues. Highlight backlogs and process failures to Management. Support Compliance function by assisting with policy and case decisions related to AML, KYC and other regulatory requirements. Maintain production reports and management information. Develop and maintain quality control procedures on production tasks completed both within the Risk department and call centre. Act as escalation point for fraud out of hours support as necessary. This may include working late or weekends in the event of a fraud attack or other risk scenario. This role in the future may include managing risks of outsourced suppliers. Including responsibility for offshore processing. The Person Experience: Management or Supervisory experience. (minimum 3 years) Experience in a Payment Card or Financial Services environment (minimum 3 years). Requires experience in Fraud and at least one of the following areas: Collections, Disputes and Chargebacks. Experience in managing internal and external investigations leading to prosecutions. Confident handling of enquiries from law enforcement and government agencies including writing witness statements and court appearances. Developing business documentation, including all relevant Policies, Procedures and Recommendations. Analytical approach, including intermediate use of MS Excel and Visio. Proven ability to manage a team and work with minimal supervision. Intermediate level of experience with MS Office. Experience using MS Visio, mail merges and SQL would be an advantage. Detailed understanding of payment schemes, including knowledge of MasterCard and/or Visa rules would be an asset. Education Requirements: Secondary education or equivalent experience