Title: EDistribution Manager
Webindex: 69168954
Company: Interaction Finance
Description: My client a massive player within the insurance market place are currently seeking an EDistribution Manager to join their succesful team Background The E Trading Division delivers our Commercial Insurance products to our brokers via our E Trading platform for integrated E Trading with broker software house systems, our own broker extranet and bespoke deliveries on brokers own systems. E Trading is a significant area of growth, you will be using your expertise to optimise the leverage of, and influence the E Trading direction of strategic broker partners. This encompasses both group and external brokers. The role The purpose of this job is to develop service, manage and deliver business plans with strategic broker partners; optimising income and profit by identifying new opportunities in the market and building and enhancing relationships. Key Responsibilities You will drive the successful roll out and take up major investment in E Trading through; Aligning strategic broker partners E Trading strategies preparing, delivering and reviewing joint company / broker E Trading development plans in conjunction with management teams. Design, implementation and delivery of E Trading, broker switch on and user training strategies in conjunction with strategic broker partners, broker software houses and joint events with imarket Responsible for distribution deals including book rollover with strategic broker partners with specific follow up focusing on deal implementation, user training, product development and ongoing performance etc. Plan, forecast and set the operational targets (including the budget and the financial model) in conjunction with the strategic broker partners to achieve the development plan. Review progress of initiatives against plan and take remedial action as appropriate. Generate insight to feed into product development and pricing strategies based on a combination of specific broker feedback and a deep understanding of specific broker software house constraints and development opportunities, imarket etc. Generate and analyse E Trading specific MI and KPIs including customer journey starts, quote drop out, conversion by product etc. to influence product development and pricing strategies. Ensuring employees and other key stakeholders in Group are aware of, and fully equipped to fulfil their responsibilities towards E Trading i.e. increasing knowledge of what systems are available, how to access them, where to get help and guidance and what plans are in place. KPI’s Specific targets for Quotation volumes and GWP for New Business, MTA’s and Renewal business. Specific operational target agreed in strategic broker partners development plans. Key Competencies You will have a strong understanding of the SME Commercial Insurance broker market, broker software houses and imarket. You will have worked with or have an understanding of E Trading platforms. Strong product knowledge particularly SME commercial packages. Proven sales and negotiation skills; highly motivated and capable of working across function and within dynamic sales teams. Excellent communication, relationship building and stakeholder management skills at senior level. Ability to understand and discuss technical issues succinctly and communicate these issues appropriately. ACII qualification or equivalent  preferred. Degree level or equivalent  preferred. I think if you have read this far this is an amazing opportunity for the right person, if you are ticking boxes on this spec them please send an up to date CV to James at Interaction Insurance for more information Please be aware we are an agency and as such receive a high volume of applications if you have heard nothing within **** working days please consider your applications unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EDistributionManager_job****