Title: Group Director of Finance
Webindex: 72555423
Company: AVENUES TRUST
Description: The Avenues Group s aim is to challenge and overcome the disadvantage that people face as a consequence of illness or disability. We do this by providing a range of support services to adults and young people either in residential homes or in their own homes and communities. It is our vision that everyone will have the opportunity to be as actively engaged in their local community as they wish. This is a unique time in the history of social care. The rising expectations of our customers, coupled with the confusing policy context and the extreme financial stringency we are facing, provides us with significant challenges but also great opportunities. To strengthen our Executive team at this crucial time, we are looking for a professionally qualified accountant, with outstanding technical finance skills, honed ideally within the charity sector, to join us as Group Director of Finance. By utilising your senior financial management experience, as well as other skills gained from managing a large finance or equivalent department, you ll be responsible for setting the overall financial management direction for the organisation and continuously overseeing the implementation of the strategic plan from a financial resource perspective. You ll also be expected to regularly review and refine the standards and policies in place, strengthening financial practice and establishing this as an area of excellence within Avenues. Acting as thought leader for all statutory financial, taxation and legal issues, you will play an active partnering role as a member of the Executive management team; supporting positive cultural change across the finance team, advising on and supporting the development of new and diverse revenue streams, and motivating and mentoring team members to deliver on Avenues mission, vision and goals. To be successful in this role you will require experience in all core financial management areas and you ll have firsthand understanding of best practice in this field. Whether that means you re currently a member of senior management for another notforprofit organisation or that you work in a more corporate setting, you ll be politically aware with firstrate communication skills and the ability to influence at all levels. You must also have experience of writing and delivering key business strategies at board level; with broad business and commercial acumen you will have a cando approach to problem solving. As well as a proven record of analysing and reforming complex organisational systems, your leadership skills will be second to none inspiring, motivating and guiding your team, generating trust and confidence at board level and representing the organisation at a strategic partnering level. You will be a highly credible individual with proven team management and leadership skills, whilst confident and assertive communication skills will enable you to manage key internal and external stakeholders, and build relationships at all levels. You will relish the challenges you ll face and be genuinely passionate about making a difference. Overall, you will achieve success in this role through leadership capabilities, effective resource management and strong finance aptitude and competence. This is an exciting role for a senior leader who is looking to apply and develop their skills in a growing yet wellestablished social enterprise. For an application form and information pack please email us or call Elizabeth Hanley on **** **** **** Closing date: 18th February 2013