Title: Finance Director
Webindex: 62113686
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: This position is a new and exciting opportunity to join a small growing business as the lead and number one role within Finance. As an integral part of the leadership team you will be required to take on the following tasks; To monitor, report and present on the overall business performance, together with recommendations for improvement Together with the Leadership Group, ensure that an appropriate financial policy framework is in place to guide decision making Advise the leadership team on major financial issues which arise To ensure the timely and accurate provision of all management and financial accounts, in line with Group requirements To lead and manage the budget and forecast processes, and to report on performance against them To provide financial analysis and make recommendations for performance improvement To ensure that all legal duties and statutory reporting requirements are adhered to To lead the internal and external audit process, in line with Group requirements To lead and manage the capital expenditure process To undertake strategic planning in conjunction with the Managing Director About you This role requires a commercially minded individual with the ability to engage with stakeholders both internally and externally. The ideal candidate will have had significant postqualification exposure including challenging key business decisions. This role partners with the Managing Director and requires the gravitas to influence the senior management team and to report effective information directly to the group function whilst also demonstrating the adaptability to communicate with the entire business. The successful candidate will need to demonstrate effective business partnering skills and be able to provide evidence of support which has generated tangible financial results for a previous employer. You will ideally have the following attributes: A professional qualification ACA, ACCA, CIMA or equivalent with significant controls exposure Experience of leading a finance operation within an international environment Experience of working closely with a group finance function Experience of working at Board level Experience of managing a significant cost centre A team player with excellent communication skills About our client A new opportunity to join an evolving manufacturing business with exciting and ambitious growth plans. The company operates as a division of a highly inquisitive international group. Working as the UK Controller you will be leading and managing the financial performance of the business, providing accurate and timely information and commercial support to the operational teams. This role will report into the UK Managing Director and be pivotal in providing strategic input to drive the business forward. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. All third party applications will be forwarded to Michael Page.