Title: Assistant Underwriter  Commercial Motor
Webindex: 68685474
Company: Gerrard White
Description: Assistant Underwriter  Motor Location  Essex Salary  Competitive remuneration package based on experience Prestigious Motor Insurance company known principally for its broker distributed motor insurance products are seeking to attracted a Assistant Motor Underwriter to join the team in Essex due to continued growth and demands of the business. The role will include, supporting and developing effective relationships in a broker facing role, managing a varied portfolio of Commercial Motor Insurance products and schemes. Key Responsibilities:  Ensure that business underwritten and prices offered achieve business goals of profitable growth and are consistent with product strategy, delegated authority and agreed pricing policy  Build and maintain effective market relationships  Proactively encourage business development opportunities and contribute to their development.  Provide effective feedback on product strategy, in terms of P L opportunities and customer needs.  Coordinate the annual product review cycle for the Product Head making recommendations for improvements to meet changing market needs and competitor trends.  Handle case underwriting and referrals within defined authority limits and in line with the agreed policy and risk appetite.  Key Skills and Knowledge:  Minimum of 18 months underwriting experience within a Motor related product  Experience with MS Office suite applications and especially Outlook, Word and Excel  Time management skills  Soft skills in Relationship management, results focus, commercial focus, planning and prioritisation, communication and teamwork.  Verbal and written communication skills: an ability to build rapport, effectively influence and deliver results through both written and verbal communications  Market knowledge and awareness of industry trends and key issues  Ideally also skilled in forecasting and financial evaluation.  Good understanding of analytical methods in order to understand performance.  Insurance qualifications (or progress towards) would be an advantage. The company offers, a highly competitive remuneration package, excellent benefits and fantastic opportunities for personal and career development. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantUnderwriterCommercialMotor_job****