Title: Graduate Trainee Accountant
Webindex: 71553043
Company: Chase Holland
Description: Our client is an international corporate giant that provides a range of business services in a wide range of markets across the UK and Europe. A role has become available for a permanent Graduate Trainee Accountant. You will be working in a team of accountants that perform financial analysis for the whole group. As part of this role you will;  Maintain the Group s accounting records  Prepare the head office management accounts  Consolidate the Group s monthly management accounts  Have involvement in Forecasting and budgeting  Deal with Group Treasury  Prepare the Group s biannual statutory accounts  Prepare the City presentation data  Deal with Tax compliance  Various other adhoc project work You will be used to working in an organised and professional manner. Prioritisation of workload and being able to multitask and think of innovative ideas to problems will also be key. The ideal candidate must have a ****:**** or above accounts degree ideally with experience within the accounts field. This role will be perfect for someone that wants to establish a career within accounts and wants to achieve great things. You will be willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done. As you develop your accounting skills you will also be involved with special projects and given more and more responsibility as you progress. The option to study the ACCA or CIMA qualification is offered as part of the benefits package. Chase and Holland specialise in Finance (Commerce Industry and Professional Practice) and HR recruitment. We comfortably service the South Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire and Lincolnshire marketplaces. We are currently recruiting for a number of businesses that are looking for candidates across a number of sectors. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to you on this occasion your application has not been successful.