Title: Sales Executives– Private Medical Insurance
Webindex: 68691840
Company: Online Resourcing
Description: Are you a dynamic and ambitious Sales Executive looking to work for a Company that offers outstanding opportunities for career progression? Do you currently feel that your sales career has reached a ceiling or you are not financially rewarded for hitting targets? If so, Usay Compare, the UK’s leading intermediary for Private Healthcare, who have recently achieved the Chamber of Commerce Business of the Year 2012 Award, would like to hear from you. Usay Compare has an evergrowing staff of more than one hundred including a team of over **** fullytrained health insurance advisors. Usay help thousands of clients find Private Healthcare every year. Due to consistent growth, opportunities have become available for experienced Sales Executives to join the successful Team environment. As a highly professional and driven Sales Executive, the main purpose of the role will be: • To advise on, recommend and sell regulated insurance products to client’s whilst complying with current legislation at all times. • To maintain, develop and service existing and new client relationships. • Communicate, liaise, and negotiate both internally and externally in order to optimise quality of service, profitable business growth, sustainable relationships and customer satisfaction. • Use Usay Compares’ advanced quoting systems to manage your client’s all the way through the sales process. To apply for the role of Sales Executive is essential that you possess the following skills and experience: • The role is a business to consumer role, however Usay Compare will consider Sales Executives with proven business to consumer (B2C) or business to business (B2B) telephone sales experience, with the ability to achieve and exceed targets. • Highly driven, with a professional and consultative approach. • Excellent communication and outstanding customer service skills with the ability to build and maintain business relationships. • Experience within Private Medical Insurance is not essential as full product training is given. This is an excellent opportunity to join the Usay Compare Team, where you will receive great training and development whilst being given the opportunity to build your career within sales. If you would like to apply for the position of Sales Executive, please forward in absolute confidence a full Curriculum Vitae and covering letter to Online Resourcing by clicking the apply button below and completing the short application procedure. Please note: Unlike a traditional recruitment agency, we guarantee that your application will be viewed by Usay Compare. It is a nonconsultancy service and we manage the online applications on their behalf. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutivesPrivateMedicalInsurance_job****