Title: Assistant Underwriter, Property Casualty (Manchester)  ****k
Webindex: 67779221
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Assistant Underwriter, Property Casualty (Manchester)  ****k  ****k  Package A large multinational insurer with genuine global reach is looking to appoint add a trainee/junior underwriter to their already successful team in Manchester dealing with property and casualty risks. The Company This particular client is a highly respected specialist commercial insurer with offices throughout Europe and the rest of the world. They can boast an impressive range of products, solutions and services and are proud of their position as market experts as well as their incredibly sound financial footing. They have a strong appetite for writing commercial risks and have ambitious plans for sustainable growth in the regions. The Role You will use your knowledge of commercial insurance to assist a team of Commercial Underwriters focussing on Property and Casualty Risks (experience of these risks not essential). You will provide support in a busy environment by logging quotations, MTAs, dealing with underwriting queries and learning the more technical aspects of commercial insurance underwriting with exposure to clients and the responsibility to write business as you progress. The Successful Applicant For your application to progress you will be from a commercial insurance background and looking for a career in underwriting. You may already be working for an insurer and looking to progress or an Account Handler (or similar), at a brokerage with a desire to move over to a carrier. Insurance qualification (or progress towards) would be advantageous, though not essential. Package The successful applicant will be offered a competitive salary and excellent company benefits. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.