Title: Senior Risk Analyst / Quant (Reinsurance / Risk Analytics)
Webindex: 55048084
Company: Hanover Search Global Insurance Partners
Description: Role can be based in London or Bermuda. The succesful candidate need not be a qualified actuary, and could be a risk analyst, CERA, etc. They could work for another (re) insurance company, broker, consultancy, bank etc. Responsibilities  Lead the work to help set and measure risk appetite using the Group Capital Model (GCM) as the primary tool  Use the GCM to provide the required information for any GSSA submission to the BMA  Assist in the dialogue with rating agencies and regulators  Use the GCM to provide risk adjusted performance measurement of the business written by the group  Take a lead role in the development of methodologies and/or technologies to support the ERM framework.  Act as a Senior Reviewer or Auditor in GCM development process  Use and develop risk analytics in order to advise on risk strategy and risk management.  Review the outcome of any advice provided to ensure that the GCM has been used in decision making and to enhance future advice.  To assist generally in the efficient running and management of the business.  To understand the requirements of rating agencies and regulators in respect of internal models.  To offer advice and assist in the development of the GCM and other financial modelling tools.  To be responsible for the accuracy of any capital model output used in the course of the duties above. That is, to provide checks and validation of capital model output.  To lead projects or the delivery of reports involving staff across different departments, companies and offices. Experience:  Experience of working with Igloo or other stochastic software packages.  Experience of working within a capital modelling or risk modelling environment.  Experience of training others.  Demonstrable ability to learn independently.  Experience of working within a controlled software environment.  Experience of working in a reinsurance company or brokerage preferred Qualifications and Training:  Educated to degree level or equivalent.  Nearly or newly qualified actuary or other professional qualification relating to analytical techniques in financial services.  Part qualified actuary who is no longer taking exams would also be considered. Knowledge, Skills and Competencies  Ability to design and check stochastic mathematical models.  Excellent communication skills.  Ability to train others.  Managing activities and resource.  Accuracy and attention to detail.  Negotiation and influencing skills.  Knowledge of Lloyd s and the London Market.  In depth knowledge of reinsurance and capital markets.  Knowledge and understanding of different accounting standards and regulatory requirements such as GAAP, Solvency **** BMA requirements.  Well developed understanding of catastrophe models Attributes  Natural problem solver.  Ability to work as part of a multidisciplinary team and independently.  Innovative and forward thinking. Interested applicants should contact Michael Stefan at michael.stefanhanoversearch.com or call ****