Title: Collateral Analyst
Webindex: 68292821
Company: Badenoch Clark Ltd
Description: Collateral Management Is a centralised Global support function whose primary role is to mitigate credit risk through the determination and calling of margin at a portfolio level. The team supports collateral arrangements for Derivatives, Repo Stock Lending and London Clearing House transactions. All aspects of collateral management are performed by the team. These functions include: negotiating collateral agreements, marketing the collateral management function to clients and, data management, margin calling, dispute management, portfolio reconciliations, collateral asset management and reporting This role is within the Collateral Operations Function. The team provides a full collateral service to all clients trading in OTC, Repo and Stock Lending products. The role will involve working closely with the manager of the Collateral New Business, the Margin Team, senior individuals from other business areas (Front Office, Documentation, Legal, Finance, Technology) on risk mitigation and various business and project related process improvement initiatives. Role Specific Responsibilities:. Act as an internal collateral consultancy providing collateral solutions to clients, front office, Legal and Credit. Responsible for entry and maintenance of all collateral agreement static data within the collateral platform. Daily reconciliations and resolution of exceptions. Facilitate the setup of standard settlement instructions. Responsible for working with IT to define requirements and develop new process solutions where gaps are identified. Identify ways to continually improve the efficiency of the process and exploit opportunities to create STP Strong understanding of banking products Strong understanding of Credit, Legal and Front Office processes OTC Derivative and Repo knowledge Understanding of the legal, credit and operational risks associated with Collateral Detailed understanding of commercial, legal, financial and operational aspects of collateral management Strong software skills to include the following: MS Excel spreadsheet development and use Manage the global email inbox, answering queries, follow issues through to resolution and ensuring that the client is kept updated Enthusiastic, motivated, ambitious with a strong desire to succeed. Determination and resilience to navigate through and overcome challenges. Team Orientated strong team player who will also promote an effective team environment. Strong personal ownership and commitment to quality. Willing to contribute and speak up with a view or opinion, and add value by questioning and probing where necessary to ensure a through and robust solution is implemented. Managing key stakeholder relationships internally and externally will form a key element of this role. URL removed  Let s find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User.