Title: Development Accountant
Webindex: 68677787
Company: FRS Ltd
Description: FRS is currently recruiting for this wellknown brand based in Milton Keynes. Reporting to the Financial Controller you will be responsible for the successful delivery of projects so that reporting needs are not adversely affected by Business Change. Responsibilities Include: • Active participation across the Finance Department to help to identify and address process weaknesses and changes arising from the reorganisation of activities. This is expected to include objectives for the specific review of existing processes on a routine basis. • Working with the Controls team and the Production Manager to ensure that a high quality of support is available to analyse changes to both the reporting landscape and the core system functionality. • Being a key member of the Finance management team, working to ensure the delivery of Finance strategic objectives. • To represent and uphold the Department values set out in the Driving Finance strategy, displaying high levels of commitment and engagement to delivering positive, controlled change. The successful candidate will be/ have: • ACMA or ACCA qualified accountant. • People management experience is desirable, although full training would be given. • A minimum of 5 years’ experience in the financial services industry. (Advantageous) • Excellent PC skills, particularly in the use of SAPBW, Business Objects, Excel and PowerPoint to document complex topics in an 'easy to understand’ way. • Demonstrable ability to communicate complex information clearly at all levels, and to influence decision making, up to and including Head of Department level FRS strives to be an equal opportunities employer, and is committed to treating all applicants alike. FRS does not treat any individual on grounds of sex, age, colour, marital status, race, nationality or ethnic or national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability or membership or nonmembership of a trade union, less favourably than others. All vacancies advertised are open to all ages. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DevelopmentAccountant_job****