Title: Area Controller
Webindex: 71409964
Company: Experis IT
Description: My client a global information provider is currently recruiting for an experienced Area Controller/accountant. The Area Controller role covers the provision of high quality financial management and reporting for statutory entities owned within our clients business groups plus statutory reporting only for the Certain business areas that flows into the UK ledger. The jobholder will be accountable for the effective and timely delivery of the monthly close activities and associated reporting for the business groups supported; the production and submission of local statutory and compliance requirements and meeting the quarterly reporting requirements for our clients Corporate groups. The role requires strong relationship building with Business Finance, corporate functions, Internal and External Audit, and within the service centre community and is critical in ensuring that all revenue, costs, commitments, assets and liabilities are accurately recorded on a timely basis. This role will provide support and control of the business unit's balance sheet and ensure that the financial statements reflect local and international standards as well as complying with the Sarbanes Oxley recommendations. The key activities for the role are as follows: Manage the delivery of the monthly close activities for each company under remit Submission of monthly results within the Corporate Financial systems. Production of key supporting schedules for P and L, Balance sheet and cash flow. Prepare, review and deliver statutory reporting in accordance with local filing requirements. Manage the process of yearly statutory audits with External Auditors. Controllership of balance sheet accounts for all companies within remit, providing guidance on key issues and resolution to problem items in accordance with Corporate SOX guidelines. Management of Transfer Pricing activities and other cross entity bookings. Management of delivery of local Tax declarations and other relevant filing or compliance requirements. Support our clients Corporate Tax reporting requirements. Management of team members ensuring that they are mentored supported and developed. Manage ad hoc projects. PERSON SPECIFICATION  REQUIRED SKILLS AND EDUCATION Ideally a Qualified accountant with post qualification experience or Qualified by experience. Previous management experience is beneficial Strong financial and management accounting background Comprehensive knowledge of IFRS, UK GAAP End to end accounting process understanding Proven ability to form strong relationships with customer and stakeholders Comfortable with working autonomously Proven ability to meet deadlines Suitable candidates should submit their CV in the first instance.