Title: Key Account Executive  Scotland
Webindex: 68686431
Company: AXA
Description: Background The Glasgow office serves all brokers in Scotland and we have a strong desire to see our brokers grow in the market. We are very proud of our extensive knowledge of risk management in the local area due to our highly experienced underwriting team. We have a particular expertise in Commercial Property and strive to meet all the requirements of your clients, whether it’s just one or a number of properties we aim to have the a competitive commercial insurance policy to meet your needs. Within the Construction sector we have worked with a wide range of companies from UK regional contractors to SMEs and project owners. We also have established teams to deal with Motor Fleet and Commercial Liability Everyone at the Glasgow office prides ourselves on our consistently high level of service to our brokers. You will be working to increase the sales and development of a panel of broker accounts within the footprint of the Branch. You will be entrepreneurial, excellent at building and sustaining relationships and credible within the Glasgow Broking community. There will be an extensive amount of travel needed to effectively carry out this position and a tool of trade car is part of the benefits package. The role Key tasks are to; Meet Financial Targets for designated broker panel. Prepare annual Key Account Plans and ensure delivery against this plan. Manage the relationship in accordance with AXA governance procedures. Work with teams across commercial lines intermediary area offices and support functions such as Claims offices to deliver strategic service and gross written premium targets. Ensure that our service delivery complies with regulatory requirements. Understand and help prepare, design, implement and review a broker’s strategic development plans. Review progress of initiatives against plan and take remedial action as appropriate. Understand the nature of the panel broker’s business, the marketplace and the extent and potential of the relationship. Identify potential new opportunities and markets to enhance and further the relationship. Ensure realisation of profitable relationship including an appropriate remuneration package and credit control standards. Proactively seek broker feedback on Axa performance and delivery by liaising with commercial lines intermediary branches and at management level. Ensure an effective infrastructure and establish best practice across all product lines for service delivery. Skills, knowledge and behaviour ACII qualification or equivalent preferable. Degree level education or equivalent preferable. Good understanding of underwriting risk management principles. Good understanding of Commercial Broker markets. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Able to develop reciprocal relationships with intermediaries. People and resource management skills. Highly motivated and capable of working across function and within a team. Understanding profitability of business within the intermediary channel. Advanced sales and negotiation skills. Strong relationship management skills. Technical Insurance or Financial Service/retail background in a consumer oriented environment an advantage Experience of business planning. Additional job board published information Annual Bonus Scheme  typically 6% of annual basic salary. Joint contribution (‘money purchase’) pension scheme. 25 days annual holiday, increasing to 28 days by 5th year of service (plus Bank Holidays). Flexible benefits scheme. Tool of Trade Car. Structured personal development. Contact Angela Smith, Sales Manager  Scotland, **** **** angela.smithaxainsurance.co.uk Simon Brinson, Resourcing Partner, **** **** simon.brinsonaxainsurance.co.uk Please ensure that your application is completed and submitted online no later than the closing date. Your fully completed application will be acknowledged by email. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/KeyAccountExecutiveScotland_job****