Title: Finance and Insurance Executive
Webindex: 68689533
Company: Adam Butler Ltd
Description: Our client is one of Europe’s largest independent used car retailers who do everything we can to ensure their customers are happy when they choose to buy a car from them. Traditional family values of care, honesty and trust are at the forefront of everything they do for their customers, colleagues and suppliers alike. Based from their showroom and reporting to the General Manager and Head of F I, in this role you would be responsible for looking after the customer once the car sale has been agreed. You will assist the customer with the final details of the sale including proposals for finance, explanation of the finance documentation, information on the extended guarantee provided and a brief sales presentation. Ideally you will have previous experience of working in a fast moving retail environment or alternatively you may have worked in a busy call centre perhaps within financial services. An understanding of the FSA, consumer credit or previous experience working in a regulated business could also be beneficial. Building customer rapport, trust and confidence is an essential skill, as is an eye for detail and accuracy with customer’s personal details. The showroom is open 9am9pm Monday – Friday, 9am9pm Saturday and 10am6pm Sunday, so flexibility is required between these hours and you will be expected to work weekends. There is excellent support and constant ongoing training for this role and throughout the group, as well as fantastic career progression opportunities for those who earn them. If you are results driven and have the skills, experience and passion required for this role then please apply today for immediate consideration. This vacancy is being advertised by Adam Butler Limited. The services advertised here are those of an Employment Agency. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation, and we are pleased to accept applications from all sections of the community. Any qualifications listed are indicative and we confirm that we are willing to accept applications from people holding equivalent qualifications. Any direct canvassing or agency approaches will be automatically redirected to adambutlerltd.co.uk for further consideration. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceandInsuranceExecutive_job****