Title: Relationship Manager  Investment Management  Mayfair, London
Webindex: 68687189
Company: Tribepost Ltd
Description: TribePost Ltd are working on behalf of our client to fill this vacancy. Available vacancy: Relationship Manager/Investment Management This position is based in: Mayfair London Salary: ****  bonus Position Summary An exciting opportunity has become available with our client for a Relationship Manager to join their Investment Management Team. Our client is committed to ensuring a high calibre of service for our clients. As such, this position has great potential for progression opportunities for individuals looking for a rewarding career in this fastmoving and exciting industry. As Relationship Manager for investment management clients your role is to deliver excellent service to existing clients and convert leads for new clients into new business. The role covers private clients invested in the IFSL, OEIC as well as the modelportfolio based discretionary investment management service. There is participation in formulating the house investment strategy through investment sector research. Prerequisite Knowledge • Suitable education and qualifications to discuss investments and contribute to the team investment process. Previous experience in financial services industry is essential. • Knowledge of the investment funds industry • Knowledge of private client portfolio management systems, other platforms management systems and excel would be advantageous • Must hold the necessary qualifications for Level 4 as a minimum. Prerequisite Attributes • A confident, professional and pragmatic approach • Excellent communication and interpersonal skills • Positive attitude and willingness to learn • A pragmatist who can adapt to changing work demands • Proven client relationship management – motivated to deliver best service • Proven ability in new client acquisition – driven to meet demanding targets for new business • At least several years’ experience in financial services • Demonstrable interest in investment markets Duties Responsibilities • Manage relationships with existing clients to maximise satisfaction and minimise attrition • Work with the head of team and colleagues in other parts of the business to generate leads and referrals • Convert private client leads into new clients • Contribute to the team based process to manage client portfolios in the model based service • Support clients of and third party organisations and introducers Regulatory Requirements • Existing Customer Function CF**** or ability to gain FSA approval quickly • Must act with integrity, with due skill care and diligence Application Process • Candidates should only apply if they meet ALL of the prerequisite knowledge and attributes. • If you would like to apply for this vacancy please email a copy of your current CV along with a covering letter • Please note that due to a high volume of anticipated applications it may not be possible for the HR Team to respond to every candidate. If you have not heard back within **** working days of submitting your application then unfortunately you have not been selected for interview. This vacancy is being advertised by TribePost Ltd. The services advertised by TribePost Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. This vacancy would be of interest to job seekers searching for the following vacancies:Relationship Manager  Investment Management. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RelationshipManagerInvestmentManagementMayfairLondon_job****