Title: Control Officer [Accounts]  Chief Executives Services
Webindex: 71553025
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Control Officer [Accounts]  Chief Executives Services Reference no: Barnet **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: N**** **** What s involved with this role: Participate in the maintenance of revenue collection and payment systems reconciliation in order to satisfy both internal and external audit procedures. Ensure that the local taxation and benefit databases are maintained accurately by working with internal and external contractors/organisations, monitoring inputs and outputs as appropriate. Ensure that the cashbooks are reconciled to the council s bank account movements and that the council s receipts and payments are recorded and allocated correctly. Validate imports and exports to revenue and benefit systems, and reconcile movements to business systems. Ensure that imports to the cash receipting system are available and imported correctly and are reconciled to the general ledger credits/debits. Identify system errors and exceptions promptly to ensure to avoid loss of cash flow and maximise service delivery. Ensure that appropriate controls are in place to ensure that the customer s and the council s accounts are maintained accurately. Maintain information and statistical analysis of revenue services data for presentation at different levels within the organisation. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also highlight that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of 12 months recent accounts experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Assisting with month end reconciliation tasks Experience of Revenues and Benefits Control functions Experience of using OPENRevenues Identifying and allocating payments from suspense Interrogation of reports for collating of balances and totals for recording in Excel spreadsheets Tracing payments reported as missing, allocating and resolving with customer Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Chief Executives Services/Finance/Accounts Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 2 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited