Title: Executive Floor Administration Assistant
Webindex: 69533914
Company: TAY ASSOCIATES LIMITED
Description: The most amazing opportunity has arisen for an Administration Assistant to join a FTSE 100 company in the city, working in beautiful offices you will be part of the executive team providing them with full administrative support. Working amongst the companies executives the ideal candidate will be immaculately presented, articulate and confident in their ability of being an administrator with a mature and responsible manner. You will have exposure to the companies most confidential documents and therefore discretion is highly important. Having an understanding of what a support function is and previous experience working within a professional environment conducting general administrative duties such as filing, scanning, checking in post and distributing, managing correspondence and liaising with the senior management team will put you in good stead. This would be ideal for someone who has at least six month corporate administration experience and wants to join a prestigious city firm. The position will present the successful candidate with exposure to working within a professional, corporate, successful and highly recognisable firm that will open many doors moving forward in their career. In return you will be part of a firm who is a recognisable brand, a FTSE 100 company, exposure to working with the most senior level people within the business, a platform to build your career on, excellent benefits, lovely offices with a beautiful view across the City and a **** travel allowance. This role will suit someone who can recognise an opportunity that doors will open, the client appreciates that there is a shelf life in this role and will not hold the candidate back after being committed for at least 2 years to moving on to working either within other areas of the business or to another firm. Qualifications and Experience Required: Previous experience working within a similar role strong administrator. Confident and mature manner. Excellent communication and organisational skills. Impeccable attention to detail. Advance level in all MS packages Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Educated to GCSE standard (or equivalent) to include English language and Math. Degree Educated would be desired but not essential. Due to the high volume of enquiries that we receive, we are not always able to respond to all CVs. If you have not received a response within one week, please assume that your application has been unsuccessful in this instance. Thank you for your interest in Tay Associates. If you are already registered with Tay Associates, please express your interest in this role to your consultant. 'Making do won't do, personally or professionally.