Title: Commercial Sales Manager  Manchester
Webindex: 68995403
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Branch Sales Manager Manchester Up to **** A highly respected insurer is recruiting for a Sales Manager to join their senior management team to oversee a team of commercial insurance sales professionals within their branch in Manchester. The Role You will oversee a team of Broker Development/Account Management staff and will be targetted with maximising income and ultimately profit. You will manage the team s performance, set individual and team targets and provide ongoing training/guidance. In order to drive the branch forward; you will design, implement and review strategic development plans to capture all potential new business opportunities. Responsibilities will also include planning and forecasting budgets. As well as managerial duties, you will also take ownership of a number of broker accounts and will manage relationships and negotiate terms. The Company Our client is one of the largest insurance companies within the UK who underwrite a vast range of both commercial and personal lines products. They have an excellent reputation within the market and, with millions of customers worldwide, can offer a fastpaced working environment with job security. They encourage their staff to do well by giving comprehensive training (both inhouse and external); as well as offering internal promotion where possible. The Package Basic salary of between ****  **** plus excellent company benefits including bonus and pension schemes. The Person For you application to be considered, you will have experience of managing commercial insurance sales staff and will be able to effectively lead, motivate and influence a team. You will have sound knowledge of a range of commercial insurance risks and FSA guidelines/regulations as well as having a good understanding of underwriting and risk management principles. ACII qualification (or equivalent) would be advantageous. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful