Title: Compliance Analyst/ Specialist
Webindex: 69122276
Company: Black Swan Associates Limited
Description: Compliance Analyst/ Specialist opportunity with UK arm of Global Commodities house Role Duties:  Generalist compliance role in the London office.  To be the key point of contact for all UK issues and also support smaller global offices.  Assist in the daily compliance function for FSA authorized entities with specific emphasis on regulatory compliance issues.  Interaction with traders and provide advice and guidance on all trade queries from London and other global offices. This will include reviewing the FSA rules and internal company policies.  Work closely with the US compliance officer to coordinate FSA and MiFID compliance needs.  Monitor transactions to ensure compliance with internal and external trading guidelines; monitoring relevant laws and regulations to identify changes.  Reviewing reports and then following up on any escalation. Will closely with compliance in the US to effectively monitor trading practices and ensure compliance.  Monitor rules with respect to trading platforms, such as ICE, NYMEX and the DME  Suspicious activity reporting as necessary.  KYC act as the key contact for reviewing all counterparties originating from London, and other offices.  Ensure employee registration and deregistration are completed timely and appropriate training given to all new joiners.  Training  support the global training programme.  Update and maintain policies and procedures that are required under the FSA rules  Keep up to date with the regulatory developments in the EU, and keep the UK management and the US compliance team updated of such developments. Skill Set Required:  Strong generalist compliance experience, including advisory.  Experience in FSA and MiFID compliance monitoring is required.  Strong background in energy trading industry preferred.  Knowledge of UK regulating bodies; CFTC, FERC would be an advantage.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills are essential.  The candidate must be able to use their own initiative in order to determine when queries need to be escalated.  Excellent analytical, organizational and writing skills are essential.  Degree level education desirable.