Title: Technical Consultant  Exchange
Webindex: 67946068
Company: Redhill
Description: Exchange SME  London  6 Months  GBP****/day Contribute as a global team member in delivery of systems integration and software engineering solutions for the above global messaging platforms and products  Manage lifecycle and events driven messaging platform and related technologies engineering activities as well as full fill project engineering requests  Deliver in line with commitments and priroities  Contribute to team process and tooling maturity and enhancements.  Ensure messaging test, reference and system designs (high and low level) are in place and up todate.  Ensure messaging labs are adequately maintained and provisioned (fit for purpose)  Engineer, script, develop and integrate technical solutions aligned to:  Exchange ****10 product (including all roles)  Exchange Archive  Outlook client (2010)  Forefront  SCOM  Ensure engineering requirements are sufficiently defined and technically detailed  Ensure all deliverables are signed off by sponsor/stakeholders  Develop repeatable test and engineering certification process with measurable and defined outcomes for each product using standard processs and artefacts (integration, unit, regression, system, functional and nonfunctional testing)  Assist in maintenance of messaging labs (Test and Development)  Must have good familiarity with; o Exchange **** o Windows server platforms o MS SQL o Storage technologies (NAS, SAN, DAS) o Network technologies (Lan/Wan) o VMware o SCOM or NetIQ Monitoring o AV engines (ideally Forefront) o Email boundary layer o Active Directory and directory sync o Scripting methods (ideally PowerShell) o Security principles o Role Based Adminsitration and Controls  Desirable; o Familiarity with Symatec Enterprise Vault o Familiarity with Microsoft Lync/Office communicator Additional Duties Work closely with peer engineering groups (Network, storage, Windows and AD) to ensure solutions are engineered in alignment with internal best practices and standards and sponsor requirments. Assist Regional Deploy and Operate function with level 3 and **** lifecycle (maintenance) engineering activities. Manage bug fix escalations through to resolution. Maintain knowledge of market technical vendor solutions Provide transparency around BoW pipleline Qualifications/competencies:  Undergraduate degree in IT (Computer science preferred).  Indepth knowledge of Microsoft Exchange 2010 and **** essential.  Past experience of complex messaging environments (global  20k seats plus).  Good scripting capabilities.  Worked as part of engineering/support teams.  Good decision making and communication skills.  Good understanding of regulatory requirements for messaging environments.  Must be detail orientated and meticulous.  Ability to create engineering blue prints, detailed designs and author documents and test plans etc.