Title: Algorithmic Trading Developer  HighFrequency Prop House
Webindex: 66343081
Company: Aston Carter Ltd
Description: My client is one of the most successful proprietary trading houses in the City. Since forming just less than a decade ago their focus has been exclusively on statistical arbitrage and ultrahigh frequency trading in global equity markets. They have now successfully diversified into the broader electronic markets and are looking for the best Developers on the market to contribute to the design and development of various proprietary trading tools used to test and monitor their trading strategies. The successful candidates will join one of the prop houses existing highly profitable trading teams. Here they will gain exposure to the group s research tools and trading systems with shared responsibility over the groups live trading engines. The work in these teams is guaranteed to be fast paced and the work extremely varied. No previous financial experience is required. However, they are seeking only the best Developers with an outstanding aptitude and track record for analytical and practical problem solving in a commercial setting as well as the following:  Exceptional knowledge of C++, C or Java is essential.  Any functional programming experience in F, Haskell, OCaml. Scala etc is also considered highly advantageous.  Thorough understanding of the principles of OOA/D, data modelling, database design, data structures and algorithms.  A willingness to consider and potentially apply new technologies if appropriate is vital.  Experience using databases such as SQL Server, Sybase and Oracle.  Strong basic quantitative foundations, ability to understand numerical algorithms and statistical models.  Experience with UNIX or Windows operating systems. Data structures, Algorithms, C++, C or Java, F, Haskell, OCaml, Scala If you believe this is a good match to your current skill set then please forward your CV or call Mark Wilson on **** **** **** for more details. Thanks