Title: Restructuring Capital Manager  Large Bank
Webindex: 69087968
Company: Barclay Simpson
Description: The restructuring division of this large bank manages the distressed assets on the balance sheet. Regulatory capital is a key priority for this group as distressed debt consumes a large proportion of the Group s capital. Last year, a Head of Capital Management was appointed to aid effective and efficient management of capital within the restructuring division. The bank is now looking to recruit a Manager into this new team in a front line support role supporting relationship managers and working with them in considering the capital aspects of their restructuring decisions. You will also have the opportunity to be involved in portfolio wide decisions relating to capital e.g. strategic options for global capital efficiency/benefit. Given that effective management of capital is an extremely high profile issue at the moment in all banks, the creation of this new Capital subteam has been backed by the most senior managers in the bank and these appointments are considered to be vital strategic hires for the bank this year. The Manager role would best suit a bright, qualified accountant or consultant, looking for a more hands on role. You should have an appreciation of and an interest in capital (i.e. regulatory environment, Basel II and III, and an understanding of the capital drivers of a bank). However, you don t need to be a Capital expert as the bank will provide all the capital training that is required for you to perform well in the role. It is essential that you have good restructuring deal experience, good modelling skills, the ability to learn quickly and knowledge of the financial services industry (ideally banking). You will have a degree, and may be ACA qualified, although the accountancy qualification is not a prerequisite. You must have good communication and stakeholder management skills, as well as the ability to manage a large number of projects running at the same time. This is an excellent opportunity for a restructuring professional to face a new challenge within the banking industry and learn new skills across the very high profile/current area of Capital Management.