Title: Intercompany Accounts Assistant
Webindex: 71430346
Company: Financeplus
Description: We are a Shared Service Centre for the WPP Group and are based in Ealing. Please only apply if you have relevant intercompany experience. JOB SUMMARY To provide accurate reporting of intercompany balances according to corporate timetables and communicating with intercompany counter parties to resolve any queries in a timely and effective manner. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES General  Liaising with relevant internal teams to ensure processing is complete and uptodate in time for corporate deadlines  Communicating with counterparts to ensure the agency invoices are in their books and to ensure receipt of copy invoices from the agency are on the system at Financeplus  Loading of intercompany detail onto corporate systems according to corporate deadlines  Communicating with counterparties to request backup or provide supporting documentation to ensure all queries are resolved and balances agreed in a timely manner to meet corporate deadlines  Ensuring balances are revalued using corporate exchange rates in an accurate and timely manner  Reporting of final agreed balances according to corporate deadlines  Escalation of outstanding issues in a timely manner to ensure appropriate management understanding  Reporting of monthly mismatches to WPP on a monthly basis.  Ad hoc projects as required.  Provide holiday and sick cover as necessary.  Identify issues and propose improvements to processes as they arise Other  To be flexible, adaptable and contribute fully within abilities to the organisation’s goals. ROLESPECIFIC SKILLS/ATTRIBUTES Skills/Experience  Minimum **** year’s experience in a relevant role.  Sound ability with Excel, Word and Outlook.  High level of accuracy and attention to detail essential.  Experience of Maconomy preferable.  Have the confidence to build and maintain strong internal and external working relationships.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Well organised with the ability to prioritise workloads.  Flexible attitude to achieve results.  The ability to remain calm under pressure.  Excellent communication skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/IntercompanyAccountsAssistant_job****