Title: Pensions Administration Controller
Webindex: 72448460
Company: Ashe Consulting
Description: As a result of continued growth, this global leader is looking for Pensions Administration Controller to work within their pension’s administration team servicing both member and client queries in relation to several Defined Benefit (DB) Defined Contribution (DC) pension schemes. The Pensions Administration Controller will be the principal contact for an agreed list of clients, and maintain and develop client relationships via effective communication via the telephone. The Pensions Administration Controller will then discuss improvements in the delivery of the work and facilitate solutions to continuously improve the performance of the operation. The successful Pensions Administration Controller will need to react to and implement improvements to the way work is delivered to improve the value of the work and be involved in and support the team in the day to day work. You will conduct team meetings, develop staff member’s skills and competencies to work in a client and customer focussed environment and identify development/ training needs and coach/train within the team. Other duties will involve ensuring that the technical information is maintained and coordinated, capturing measures on a regular basis update control charts for weekly discussion and testing changes to the operating system and implement across team(s) following successful testing. You will also need to have relevant experience of Pensions with exposure to technical issues relating to pension scheme legislation. This is a fantastic opportunity to become part of a thriving team within a well respected organisation. Ashe Consulting is an Executive Search Selection firm specialising in Financial Services Recruitment focusing primarily on the London and the South East area. Areas of expertise include Actuarial, Investments, Group Risk Healthcare, Employee Benefits, InHouse Pension Schemes, Third Party Pensions Administrators / Consultancies, Pensions Software Systems Pensions Payroll / Accounts. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PensionsAdministrationController_job****