Title: Corporate Finance Executive
Webindex: 67405047
Company: Lord Accounting and Finance
Description: The Company Our client is a market leading and award winning corporate finance advisory firm, internationally renowned both for the quality of its work, and its people. Specialising in merger they enjoy excellent working relationships with entrepreneurial businesses, listed corporates and venture capital/private equity organisations across a broad range of key industry sectors. The Role This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious individual to develop entry level lead advisory skills and to make a valuable contribution within a highly regarded corporate finance firm. The role will provide many of the foundations in corporate finance, which are core to success in the industry. The purpose of this role is to assist in the execution of transactions including acquisitions, disposals and management buyouts. There will be significant interaction with our clients management teams in the preparation of business plans, information memorandum and supporting financial information. There will be a requirement to contribute to deal origination effort, which will include being a member of a sector focused business development team. The Person The ideal candidate will be ACA Qualified with a strong academic record and experience ideally gained in corporate finance, transaction services or corporate recovery. With advanced business writing skills and strong organisational skills you will be a commercially driven individual with a genuine enthusiasm for Corporate Finance. This is an opportunity that offers considerable career advancement and job satisfaction within a rapidly growing market leader and you will need to display the ability to communicate and interact with other professionals within a team environment at an independent firm and interpersonal skills suitable for client engagements / relationships. How to Apply If you would to apply for this role, please click in the button below, attaching your CV in Word format, with details of your current remuneration package, along with job reference ****