Title: Marketing & Brand Executive
Webindex: 68701590
Company: Alexander Mae Recruitment
Description: Brand Marketing Executive ****  Exceptional Benefits Gloucestershire area Our Client is an extremely well established, growing wealth management specialist, with a superb working environment that truly believe their people are the reason for their success. They are currently seeking a “Brand Marketing Executive” to join their marketing team. Your primary will be to provide specialist and general brand and marketing advice and support in a Consultative manner to the Partners, Brand Manager and Marketing Consultants. This includes; Specialist brand and marketing discussions with the Partnership and Field Management Team. Brand development for new and existing Partners. The creation of bespoke Practice branded communications. Recruitment support within Marketing for the acquisition of new Partners. Helping to organise and attend selected marketingrelated events across the business. You will take responsibility for the daily management and implementation of the brand guidelines across both Partner and Corporate marketing, which includes liaising closely with key stakeholders at Head Office and out in the field. This includes: Brand discussions with existing Partner Practices and new Partner recruits to ensure appropriate logo and trading name alignment with the business. Liaison with external agencies to create appropriate brand concepts for both existing Partner Practices and new recruits. Production of all Partner Practice branded marketing material to create consistent positioning with the brand (eg stationery, brochures, etc). Development and approval of all external office signage across the Partnership. Discussions with Partners over the brand positioning of introducers, third party brands to ensure appropriate alignment with the business. Collation of brand MI to ensure accurate reporting. Directing, influencing and managing external creative agencies and other suppliers. Facetoface meetings discussing brand development and general marketing tactics to support our strategy of moving towards a more relationship based marketing model. Running small workshops for multiple Partners and or support staff. Key support contact in the Marketing team. Specialist marketing support for large businesses and new recruits. You will also be responsible for supporting the recruitment activity provided by Marketing, including; Attend recruitment meetings and helping to maintain the recruit diary. Support the marketing stand at the monthly recruitment day at Claridges, including organising the kit and providing consultation on the day. Present the marketing session targeted at potential new recruits at the monthly recruitment day at Head Office. Create bespoke recruitment packs for large potential recruits, including bespoke branding and targeted marketing material. Key requirements for this role; Chartered Institute of Marketing and/or Marketing degree Proven marketing / agency experience Ideally knowledge of financial services and a sound knowledge FSA regulations Exceptional Benefits; Performance Bonus, Noncontributory Pension 10% of base salary rising to 12.5% then 15% following length of service, annual performance bonus, 25 days holiday rising to 30 days, Life cover equivalent to six times base salary, Critical Illness for individual and immediate family, Medical Insurance BUPA, Additional benefits include; SAYE Share Options, Salary Pension Contribution payable in the first 12 months of illness, EyeTests, Refreshments, FREE Car Parking, Childcare Vouchers, Season Ticket Loans. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingBrandExecutive_job****