Title: Country Manager/Head of TAX
Webindex: 69985852
Company: Kurtis james recruitment
Description: We are committed to offering the highest level of service for business clients. Helping international business travelers to reduce their cost of travel by reclaiming their VAT on business travel expenses. Our company has been established in Doha, Qatar since 2010, with a representative office in the United Kingdom, India, France, Egypt, KSA HK, other countries we have recently relocated our international Head Office to Dubai. Benefits: 21 days paid annual leave. Basic Salary: ****k  Commission Annual Bonus. Ensuring continuous growth of business in UK Monitoring and understanding local tax issues, announced or anticipated changes in the tax regulations and local business / industry projects, which might create potential sales opportunities; Business Development and Relationship Building; Client management; Closing deals; Customer service coordination with offices HQ in Dubai, UAE; Assisting from technical perspective in executing projects based on the local F A and tax regulations ensuring high quality of the deliverables to the Client. Essential candidate requirements Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Marketing or similar field, preferably with a MBA or PhD. Tax, accounting or legal background will be considered as a plus. Chartered Accountancy/Tax qualification will be considered as a big plus. Language: English (German, French and/or Italian will be considered as a plus)Excellent communication skills both in speech and writing  ability to understand and communicate complex F A and tax issues in the layman’s terms, highly developed influencing skills at all levels of seniority incl. Csuite of potential Clients. Experience: Minimum 23 years of working experience in Business Development, Solution Design, Sales or Marketing field in relation to Tax, Finance Accounting or Corporate Banking services (Candidates from the other Financial Institutions handling corporate accounts will also be considered). Experience from ' Big 4 ' or Foreign Tax Refund Companies will be considered as a plus; Proven experience in generating leads, business expansion, building extensive business networks, proposal development and business planning Skills and Knowledge: 1. Seasoned Business Development, Sales and Marketing methods knowledge incl. the ability to prepare effective sales presentations taking advantage of cutting edge tools and ideas. 2. Relationship Management  experience in Customer satisfaction monitoring, knowledge of measurement tools and techniques; Excellent communication skills both in speech and writing  ability to understand and communicate complex F A and tax issues in the layman’s terms, highly developed influencing skills at all levels of seniority incl. Csuite of potential Clients. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CountryManagerHeadofTAX_job****