Title: Accounting Manager  EMEA
Webindex: 70758051
Company: Candidate Source
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an Accounting Manager EMEA based in London to join a fast growing Software and Technology Company, with offices in 7 countries and sales in more than 30 countries around the world. Having a line management to report to the Executive VP  EMEA and a functional reporting line to the group financial controller (currently based in Australia), you will have full ownership of the corporate and finance functions relating to entities across Europe (UK,Denmark Monthly accounting (AP, AR, month end close). Preparing monthly analysis and reporting back to head office (Australia). Treasury management and intercompany transactions. Processing monthly and quarterly tax payments (PAYE/NIC Preparing monthly payroll including quarterly commission calculations. New employee, HR and employee benefits administration. Maintaining and updating the Fixed Asset Register across the region. Partnering with sales and consulting teams in RFP s and vendor selection processes. Participating in contract negotiations to evaluate risk. Regulatory compliance. Liaising with the company auditors and tax advisors across the region. Growing the systems and processes in line with business growth. An ideal Accounting Manager will hold the following skills and experiences: Previous experience in finance and accounting. Qualified Accountant (ACA/ACCA/ACMA) or equivalent qualification. Strong MS Excel skills. Willingness to be hands on and flexible and ability to multitask. Ability to work independently, a good work ethic and good time management skills. Strong written and verbal communication skills and ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management staff. Experience working with an ERP system, and preferably Microsoft Navision. Experience in the Software or IT industry. Experience dealing with international branches and intercompany matters. In return you will receive a salary of ****  **** per annum plus Health Insurance and a noncontributory Pension. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website