Title: PPI Complaints Handler 7am till 3pm
Webindex: 66886663
Company: Adecco Keele National Resource Center
Description: This is an exciting opportunity to join the UK s first and leading credit card brand as a Complaints Administrator. Working from the company s lively office, you will be required to use your excellent attention to detail, Telephony experience and administration skills. Start date 28th January  26th July 2013 THE ROLE OFFERS AN ATTRACTIVE PAY RATE OF **** HOUR HOURS OF WORK MONDAY  FRIDAY 7AM  3PM First 2 weeks training will be 8am till 4pm  7 hours a day **** hours a week. The training will run for 6 weeks and no holidays can be taken during this time  PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS IS A TEMPORARY 7 MONTH CONTRACT Role Overview: The role is relating to PPI complaints. To deliver performance excellence by ensuring that all customers receive a world class service whilst working as part of a team which undertakes a range of PPI misselling complaints resolution and servicing activities. The role holder may be required to work flexibly across a variety of different activities. Activities include investigation of both customer complex queries and complaints along with Head Office complaints. This role involves both written and verbal communication with our customers. Agents will initially work on admin related tasks and be upskilled if required to handle inbound calls from customers. To be considered for this exciting position, please email your CV , in the first instance The application process is subject to the successful completion of background and reference checking, including CRB and CCJ (County Court Judgement) checks Consultant: Monique Colclough Telephone: (Apply online only) Email: Adecco is an equal opportunities employer If you do not hear from one of our consultants within 7 days of applying for this role, please assume you have been unsuccessful in this instance. Your CV will be kept on file and you will be consider for future vacancies that match your skills Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy