Title: Internal Resourcing Coordinator
Webindex: 67789910
Company: Capco
Description: Internal Resourcing Coordinator Job Overview Working within the Human Capital team the Resourcing Coordinator will be responsible for helping ensure the business has visibility of the pipeline of resources available to deliver projects and satisfy client requirements across Capital Markets, Banking and Technology Services. Responsible for capturing all new requests, offering suitable profiles and taking responsibility for reporting and MI as well as ensuring a good fit between project and resource requirements. Responsibilities  Gain a thorough understanding of Capco projects and the types of people, skills and resources needed to deliver them. Coordinating the process of requests for resources and deployment onto projects. Supporting the smooth operation of resource planning to ensure a forward view of projects and resources becoming available for the next month.  Maintain the Resource Scheduler and ensure that it is up to date and accurate.  Track all open business requirements through to close.  Support Management team by providing resourcing MI and producing nightly, weekly and monthly information.  Participate in weekly Bench meeting with all available UK Consultants, communicating business updates (new wins/extensions etc.) and assigning non billable tasks to increase utilisation.  Working with the recruitment team to understand and influence the recruitment pipeline and consider projects for new starters.  Guide new recruits through the Resourcing Induction and keep in touch with them through Probation period.  Ensure that all UK Consultant s CV s are current and up to date.  Work with global colleagues to identify resourcing opportunities in other geographies. Experience  Ability to build good working relationships at all levels.  Good problem solving skills.  Ability to work effectively under pressure, making informed decisions quickly and competently.  Time management and prioritising skills.  Good organisational skills.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Good numeracy and analytical skills with attention to detail.  Proactive in seeking out opportunities to broaden knowledge and bridge any gaps.  Diplomatic, discreet, and demonstrating integrity.  Strong team player, adaptable and proactive with a can do attitude. Additional Requirements Knowledge of Financial Services is desirable.