Title: Assistant Commercial Analyst
Webindex: 67779318
Company: Macildowie Associates Limited
Description: THE OPPORTUNITY: A multinational manufacturing business in the Northamptonshire area is currently offering an immediately available part qualified CIMA or ACCA candidate the chance to join a dynamic finance team. THE ROLE AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES: Candidates must be able to demonstrate their key skills in the areas of margin & variance analysis, management accounts and commentary preparation. In addition, a candidate must have gained experience in budgeting and forecasting processes and, ideally, have been involved in adhoc finance projects. Candidates must also be confident in creating and delivering KPI reports to be presented to various finance and nonfinance business stake holders. Due to the dynamic nature of the Group environment, the ideal candidate will be a confident and articulate communicator, experienced in helping to coordinate financial processes with business partners across global operations. This position reports into the Head of Finance for UK operations and requires the highest level of integrity and organisation. TO APPLY: Please ensure you provide the following to ensure that we are able to assess your details accurately: Your current CV An outline of your basic salary and any additional benefits you receive. Sufficient evidence to demonstrate your suitability against the ‘essential’ and, if relevant, the ‘desirable’ experience sought for this vacancy. NB: It is our policy to acknowledge receipt of all applications within three working days. As a result of the volume of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. If we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful. Macildowie is a specialist recruitment consultancy with a rich history of resourcing professionals in the areas of HR & TRAINING, FINANCE and PROCUREMENT & SUPPLY CHAIN. With deep roots in the East Midlands our Consultants have an unrivalled understanding of the local market.Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.