Title: Interim Recruitment Officer  FTC
Webindex: 68690889
Company: Oakleaf Partnership
Description: Purpose: To deliver recruitment solutions to London office for all Legal and Support roles. Providing costeffective and timeefficient recruitment to ensure a minimum timetohire whilst advising on candidate suitability. This is a standalone role with regards to the recruitment activity, however it is supported by the wider HR Team and Head of Graduate Recruitment in order to ensure deliverable objectives are achieved. Responsibilities  Managing endtoend recruitment cycle, including ensuring role authorisation and definition has been agreed, agreeing targeting and selection approach, selection, provision of feedback, offer process, tracking and reporting.  Building and maintaining successful relationships with hiring Partners, line managers and agencies.  Agreeing standard terms and establishing best practice guidelines, SLAs and monitoring of performance.  Increasing the extent to which the firm recruits via direct hiring methods  staff referral scheme, use of social media, online direct advertising, the use of networks such as alumni), and thereby reducing the reliance on agencies, and ensuring that roles are advertised in accordance with UK Border Agency requirements.  Liaising with inhouse Creative Team to deliver advertising and briefings that have maximum impact.  Negotiating fees / packages with agencies and publications / online advertising suppliers  Overseeing management information requirements, reporting on key metrics such as time to hire, cost per hire and agency performance. Maximising the use of the firm's CV Mail recruitment platform to reduce admin and provide timely MI and role tracking.  Conduct full and relevant interviews for all roles to ensure candidates have the right skills and competencies. Identify best fit characteristics.  Work closely alongside the wider HR team to ensure a clean and faultless onboarding process.  Keeping uptodate and ensuring compliance with recruitment specific employment law such as the Data protection Act, Agency Workers Regulations 2010.  Other duties to support the wider HR team as required. Person Specification Skills/Knowledge required  Good knowledge of regulations surrounding recruitment activity including Data Protection, Immigration and the Equality Act.  Excellent IT skills including Outlook, Word and CV Mail and a willingness to use software packages that are unfamiliar.  Ability to deal with highly confidential and sensitive HR issues. Abilities/Aptitudes  Passionate about resourcing and talent attraction.  Excellent organisational skills.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Able to communicate effectively and confidently and adapt communications styles to different audiences.  Effectively represents and 'sells' the function and firm.  Able to adapt to shifting priorities and adjust plans appropriately.  An ability to work well under pressure, anticipates issues and works to strict deadlines.  Possesses a clientcentered 'cando' attitude. Is relationship focused and understands the importance of building networks both internally and externally.  Uses initiative, thinks creatively, recommends meaningful changes and has good problem solving skills.  Ability to work effectively as part of a team and on one's own.  Ability to delegate effectively and demonstrate good time management skills.  Confident and credible when advising / guiding key stakeholders.  Responsive and proactive. Education/Experience Essential:  Graduate or equivalent experience  At least 2 years' Recruitment experience, preferably in a law firm or professional services firm. Desirable:  An understanding of UK Border regulation requirements  CIPD qualification  A working understanding of CV Mail This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InterimRecruitmentOfficerFTC_job****