Title: Financial Analyst  Ecommerce Logistics
Webindex: 69545389
Company: Radley Green
Description: Radley Green is currently recruiting a Financial Analyst for the ecommerce/logistics team of a global retail business. This is a fantastic opportunity for a Financial Analyst with some understanding of ecommerce or logistics to work in a very progressive business in a very high profile position. This position will be responsible for supporting the rapid growth of their online and international business and logistics functions behind it. The successful candidate will be responsible for the analysis of the logistics operations and there will be an emphasis on highlighting inefficiencies in the current way of working and streamlining processes. This commercial role will be responsible for the analysis of our Logistics operations. The successful candidate will be tasked with highlighting inefficiencies in our current operation and challenging Senior Management on making improvements to streamline this process. This role will also be responsible for liaising directly with the senior management team of this global business and the key responsibilities will be:  Support for the Logistics division including planning and forecasting volumes and costs for Distribution Centres, Fulfilment centres and Endless Aisle stores.  Analysis of cost variances to forecast and understanding impact on budget  Creating cost models to increase the accuracy of forecasts  Analysis and reporting of cost and operational KPI’s across all operational channels  Assisting on Multichannel projects such as Next Day Collect From Store and analysing new business opportunities for online and logistics  Involvement in weekly multichannel reporting Candidate Requirements  Part Qualified or Qualified Accountant (CIMA, ACCA, ACA or equivalent)  Proven track record in similar commercial roles ideally within the Retail or Logistics sectors.  Ability to translate data into relevant analysis and be able to present this in a clear manner. Our client is looking for ambitious candidates that are looking to work in a progressive role in a very high profile role. If the above requirements match your experience please send your CV through immediately.Radley Green acts as an employment agency for permanent roles and an employment business for temporary roles.