Title: Cost Clerk
Webindex: 70252233
Company: Chase and Holland
Description: Chase and Holland are working with a growing business in North Lincolnshire who are looking for an enthusiastic Cost Clerk to join their current finance team. This new role to due to the business winning lots of contracts and involves being an integral part of managing the cost ledger for a huge open book contract recently won. Duties will include:  Responsibility for the updating and maintenance of the contract costing processes and ledgers  Maintenance and carry out checks of static data.  Providing monthly management information reporting of cost of sales data  Providing reports to relevant department managers regarding their costs  Reconciliation of cost reporting with the financials  Responsible for processing cost transfers and ensuring everything has been coded correctly  Other general accounting duties This role is suited to a candidate who has the energy to grow this role within an exciting company. The candidate should also have experience of working with Accountancy packages with excellent Microsoft Excel skills. You will have strong interpersonal skills and high attention to detail. In return my client is offering a competitive salary, alongside other benefits such as free parking, discounted humber bridge tickets (if required), 26 days Holidays plus Bank Holidays, pension and medical insurance. Chase and Holland specialise in Finance (Commerce Industry and Professional Practice) and HR recruitment. We comfortably service the South Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire and Lincolnshire marketplaces. We are currently recruiting for a number of businesses that are looking for candidates across a number of sectors. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to you on this occasion your application has not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CostClerk_job****