Title: Bookkeeper and SMT support  SAGE Line **** and Forecasting
Webindex: 68689560
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Bookkeeper to join a dynamic and rapidly growing Social Enterprise tackling one of the major health challenges of their time. They have developed a range of behaviour change programmes to change children's eating habits for life and prevent obesity. Their award winning programmes are highly effective and unique worldwide. They currently operate throughout the UK and Ireland, and have projects underway in the USA and Italy. The Company now aims is to make these programmes available globally. They are not looking just for an experienced Bookkeeper with associated office support skills to help them ensure their finances stay on track and provide support to their back office and remote team functions. They are also looking for someone who is passionate about children's health and that of their families, who can contribute new ideas to their everevolving suite of programmes as well as working proactively both independently and as part of their team. Responsibilities include:  Preparing their monthly and quarterly P L accounts and advising the SMT on performance against KPIs.  Managing all internal bookkeeping processes including: raising sales invoices in accordance with the payment schedule, purchase orders through to final delivery and payment of invoices.  Establishing a good rapport with their customers ensuring sales invoices are raised and paid on time.  Identifying and managing a range of good quality suppliers for their programme and office needs.  Checking and processing staff expenses in accordance with the staff handbook and financial regulations.  Maintaining Insurance cover and negotiating annual renewals.  Maintaining personnel files including holiday and sickness absence.  Supporting the Interim Corporate Services Director with the preparation of contracts of employment and legal agreements using predetermined templates.  Establishing effective electronic and hard copy filing and storage of all office documents, customer agreements and version control.  Supporting general office duties including: dealing with correspondence, telephone and email contact. with customers, partners, and schools, managing accommodation, travel and conferences.  Arranging team meetings and minute taking. Skills, Experience and Qualifications:  Proven demonstrable experience of using SAGE Line **** bookkeeping and managing a purchase order process.  Educated to degree or equivalent experience to the role.  Knowledge and experience of managing supplier relationships.  Able to communicate effectively with a wide range of internal colleagues and external partners.  Strong team player whilst being able to work on own initiative.  Strong administrative and record keeping skills with attention to detail.  Strong commercial awareness.  Skilled negotiator.  Knowledge and understanding of employment legislation.  An appreciation of the importance of processes and change control.  The ability to serve as an effective ambassador for the Programme.  A strong commitment to improving children's health and wellbeing. The successful candidate will be subject to an enhanced CRB check. Please note that this role is initially for 12 months. They will consider both part time and full time candidates. Interviews will take place Tuesday 29th January This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BookkeeperandSMTsupportSAGELine****andForecasting_job****