Title: Senior Financial Accountant
Webindex: 66643293
Company: thetrainline.com
Description: thetrainline.com is the UK’s leading independent retailer of train tickets online. We sell train tickets for all train companies & routes and serve millions of UK train travellers every year. Our goal is to help people save money on train tickets whether it’s online, on the phone or increasingly on mobile. Talented people, customer led product innovation powerful marketing have made us one of the most successful online businesses in the UK and thetrainline.com is now the UK’s 2nd most visited travel website, and is in the top 20 of most visited UK ecommerce sites. Here at thetrainline, we put our growth and success down to saving money for our customers, ingenious innovation and our people – who are the best around. So we do our utmost to attract and keep them. We embrace our differences, act with integrity and honesty, celebrate our successes and reward well too. We believe in training, flexible working, substantial holidays and a lot more besides. It’s also about having fun – so we have social committees to make sure that we balance hard work with a bit of relaxation. We’re rightly proud of what we’re doing. And if you’d like to be part of a team that safely delivers to millions of customers every year, we’re sure you’ll like it here too. To continue to deliver year on year growth we are seeking talented, innovative and enthusiastic people to join our dedicated team. The Team The Finance Team in London has three areas of focus, including management accounting, financial accounting and administration of our finance system. The team produces management reports, annual statutory accounts and tax returns, manage Treasury and cash flow and look after our accounts payable and accounts receivable functions. Purpose of the Role  The Senior Financial Accountant will assist in the preparation of the overall period end reporting pack for the portfolio. This includes e.g. detailed variance analysis & reconciliations and report directly to the Group Asset Controller.  They will be responsible for maintaining/providing the Fixed Asset Register, managing the financial position of the portfolio and closely monitoring and accounting for project spend by liaising with Project Managers.  Financial analysis and modelling, next to (re)charging implementation is part of this role. Additionally, the role includes responsibility for the adherence to accounting policies, preparation of tax file and statutory reporting as they relate to the FAR and R&D. Technical Skills/Abilities  Accounting skills  Presentation experience & skills on management level  Advanced Excel skills  Performance driven & dedicated to high standard of work  Build strong relationships throughout organisation  Experience of managing a team  Leadership and motivation qualities  Strong excel skills  ACA/ACCA qualified with 2 years of commercial experience  Ability to work unsupervised  Good written & oral skills  CODA skills and extensive experience in doing accounting in IS functions would also be desirable. Benefits include: 25 days holiday (plus Public and Bank Holidays), life assurance, Gymflex, Season Ticket loan, pension contributions, medical and dental insurance (subject to qualifying periods).