Title: ASSISTANT COMMERCIAL UNDERWRITER  PROGRESS FROM BROKING dscj****
Webindex: 72218580
Company: Clark James Insurance And Financial Services Recruitment
Description: nbsp;Clark James Insurance Recruitment have an exciting new opportunity within an, established and successful Kent based Insurer and Underwriting Agency. Due to expansion this successful and prestigious business are looking to recruit a Commercial Assistant Underwriter for their mid Kent office dealing with a mix of new business, renewals and admin. Responsibilities as follows: middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Contributing towards the acquisition of profitable new business and the retention of profitable Renewal business. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Underwrite, negotiate, and secure business within own authority limits and ensuring first class service at all times. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Providing outstanding underwriting expertise and service to Brokers and ensuring business objectives and company standards are being met. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Proactively building mutually beneficial business relationships with Broker partners and key Insurer relations. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Taking ownership and responsibility of all assigned clients for all new Commercial Business, MTAs, and Renewals and respond within set company guidelines. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Identifying key brokers within panel for business progression and suggest any brokers who are not supporting. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Contributing to weekly operational reviews on up to date situation of all business and implement any remedial action as agreed. We will accept applications from candidates with some level of Insurance underwriting or broking skills if you are keen to progress into underwriting, commercial knowledge would be good but we will happily consider candidates with at least Household or Home and Motor experience. You will be studying towards or keen to pursue the CII qualifications, have a good understanding of how the Insurance market operates as well as excellent communication and relationship skills. Salary is negotiable depending on experience and excellent prospects and training will be available as well as a valuable package of benefits.