Title: Pensions Implementation Manager
Webindex: 67330693
Description: A new challenging job opportunity has arisen for an experienced Pensions professional to utilise their DC pensions skills within a new role focusing on AutoEnrolment for businesses implementing the new pension arrangements. This vacancy will begin on a **** year contract basis and will be reviewed on an ongoing basis as autoenrolment evolves over the years ahead. This job would be ideally suited to someone who has previous experience implementing DC pensions schemes, ideally in a Third party Administration environment. The successful candidate will be managing and taking responsibility for the implementation of workplace pension schemes and transitioning existing accounts across to auto enrolment schemes. The job holder will also be required to support the work requirements to help drive the business forward and maximise the impact of the ****0******** Pension reform. Additionally, they will be organised, capable of working under pressure and able to meet tight deadlines and handle several tasks simultaneously. The following key skills will need to be demonstrated at Interview from applicants interested in ths vacancy: Previous experience in the DC pensions administration and be PMI (Part or Fully Qualified) or hold CF**** 2 qualification as a minimum. the ability to work on multiple tasks at one time the ability to work under pressure and to deadlines empathy and sympathy with customers needs Good communication, interpersonal and presentation skills good IT systems experience and ability to quickly learn and use new software Key Responsibilities of the job are: Manage and take responsibility for the implementation of the workplace pension solution for new and existing clients. Develop and maintain detailed project plans to manage key work streams ensuring that all tasks are identified, critical paths and task dependencies recognised and resource requirements identified. Manage and track individual client implementations against the project plan, reporting status on a regular basis through formal reviews with key external and internal stakeholders. Ensure all elements of the business support are delivered to customers during implementation in an agreed and timely manner. Identify any operational issues as they arise and make recommendations for any required changes. Assist in the delivery of internal business change projects. Support the Auto Enrolment Implementation Manager in the overall delivery of the team operational objectives. PMI (Part or Fully Qualified) or CF1 2