Title: UK Tax Manager
Webindex: 69594473
Company: Kimberly Clark
Description: About Us From Huggies diapers to Kleenex facial tissues, KimberlyClark makes the essentials for a better life. Our **** global employees are changing the world for the better with innovative products that create new categories and push existing ones to a higher level. While building our business, we’re also building careers through firstclass education, engaging experiences and exposure to some of the world’s most recognized brands. If fresh thinking and a passion to win inspire you, come Unleash Your Power at KimberlyClark. Job Description This role supports the European Tax Team and UK Financial Reporting Team and is responsible for ensuring the timely and accurate filing of all UK statutory tax filings and claims as well as cocoordinating the preparation and submission of the UK taxation accounting and corporate reporting requirements. The role requires a good understanding of UK tax laws and exposure to international tax accounting and reporting (US GaaP). To manage and control the UK tax affairs for KimberlyClark group of companies including US tax reporting, UK tax compliance, risk management and support relationship with HMRC (including tax audits). To investigate, recommend and execute tax planning opportunities, working across departments to provide tax advice as necessary. Duties Responsibilities • Prepare, review and present statutory tax reports and filings to senior management, the external auditions and the tax authorities in a timely and accurate matter. • Liaise with the Tax Department to produce robust tax forecasts, which will enable any future tax issues and opportunities to be identified and potentially mitigated or exploited as appropriate. • Manage awareness of changes in UK tax legislation developments and where planning opportunities arise, participate in their analysis and implementation with other members of the International Tax Department and external consultants. Work with external consultants to identify cost saving opportunities within this area. • Work with appropriate business and external advisors to complete the R D Enhanced Deduction Claims and manage the ongoing enquiry into these claims. • Maintain transfer pricing documentation for the UK entities in line with HMRC and OCED guidelines. Make recommendations for change management affecting transfer pricing policies as appropriate. • Manage tax queries and audit issues from external auditors and tax authorities, relative to the UK tax filings. • Review tax sensitive and accounting records of all KimberlyClark entities in the UK, specifically relating to general ledger accounts and other pertinent information. Reconcile as necessary. • Identify and make recommendations that optimize business and financial processes and improve internal control, SOX compliance and Senior Accounting Officer (SAO) in the tax accounting and reporting area. Ensure key controls are identified and embedded in procedure documents that adequately describe the process and control measures. • Support the European Tax manager for other UK/Adhoc tax matters, including liaison with other teams and external consultants as necessary to facilitate work demands when they arise • Manage VAT other indirect tax and audit queries from the business, including HMRC management where necessary providing source of expertise and confidence on advice given etc. The Individual • Strong communication, interpersonal coordination skills • CTA qualified and technically competent of U.K. tax law/legislation, rules and tax effect accounting • Experience of interpreting and clearly articulating complex tax matters • Good VAT knowledge  UK/International goods/trade issues • Influencing senior management • Exposure to US UK GAAP tax accounting • SAP general ledger experience preferred • Global Integrator experience preferred This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UKTaxManager_job****