Title: Accounts Senior/ Semi Senior
Webindex: 71674921
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: Our client is looking for two additions to its Accounts team, offering a varied exposure to a diverse portfolio of clients. A fast paced and growing environment, they are looking for extra staff to help with the growing workload. They are willing to consider candidates at both the part qualified and qualified level. The role will involve accounts preparation, audit exposure, and tax on a client base with a range of sizes and industry types. If you are at the more experienced end of banding you will be given the responsibility to supervise the trainee, allowing you to begin building your managerial experience. Personality wise you must be ambitious, hard working and attentive to fit in in what is a fast paced but light hearted working environment. A competitive study package will also be of We are looking for a candidate with at least 3 years experience in practice. Whatever qualification you have, and whatever level you are at you will be considered as long as you have the 3 years experience. An understanding of Audit and Tax would be helpful, but if they are lacking the company will be willing to train you in these areas. They key is that you are confident that you will be able to come in and quickly help reduce the workload, even if the desire is to continue studying. The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. Well Respected Regional Independent Between **** and **** along with a study package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsSeniorSemiSenior_job****