Title: Commercial Recoveries Relationship Manager
Webindex: 68609822
Company: Blemain Finance
Description: The main purpose of this role is to analyse and assess the Commercial loan book and formulate a strategy for each individual loan, reach agreement on reconciling accounts and build relationships with a view to mitigating risk and loss. Your duties will include: Analysis of defaulted client loans, including security held. Formulating solutions to lending issues and creating managing strategies to mitigate risk and loss. Visiting sites to assess and monitor security. Dealing with Commercial customers via the telephone and face to face. Negotiating and agreeing satisfactory payment plans within agreed mandate levels. Liaising with other parts of the business, including the Commercial Directorate, to agree exit strategies on complex arrears cases. Actively keeping up to date with market conditions. Responsibility for achieving targets and objectives . Monthly and ad hoc reporting . The ideal candidate will: Experience of Commercial Lending and/or Recoveries within the property sector Experience in a client relationship management role Possession of a full driving licence IT literacy competency in MS Office Strong verbal and written communication skills Excellent attention to detail A positive and tenacious attitude An assertive and tactful manner Strong objection handling and problem solving skills Excellent time management skills Ability to build and maintain relationships with clients and professionals alike We offer a range of company benefits, including ****3 days holiday which can be flexed up/down, pension, life assurance, health cash plan, private medical insurance, regular team/individual incentives, season ticket loans, Ride2Work scheme, family friendly policies, childcare vouchers, free access to a local gym and local bar/ restaurant discounts. Career development opportunities are excellent and where appropriate we offer sponsorship of relevant qualifications. Please note that all successful applicants will be subject to a Criminal Records Bureau check, a credit check and a Fraud Prevention database check.