Title: Credit Control Executive
Webindex: 68994695
Company: Enjoy Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: Credit Control Executive Location: West Gloucestershire Salary: ****  **** per annum Minimum qualifications or skills: minimum GCSEs grade AC in Maths and English (or equivalent); own transport highly desirable due to the location of the client Work experience required: previous Credit Control experience essential Our wellestablished, highly successful and continually developing International client has several sites in the UK, one of which is based in West Gloucestershire. They are now recruiting for a Credit Control Executive to join their team. You ll be responsible for the collection and reporting of all outstanding debt for the section allocated. You will frequently liaise with various internal and external departments to resolve, conclude and complete assigned sections. This is a busy role requiring proven Credit Control skills and the ability to manage a diverse workload. Ideal candidates will have demonstrable Credit Control experience, with strong Microsoft Office skills (including Word, Excel and Outlook), strong communication/interpersonal skills and an organised and proactive approach. Interested? Please email your CV now as my client is looking to interview in the very near future. We experience very high response rates to our vacancy advertisements. We do not however feel this is any excuse for not acknowledging your application and as part of our total candidate care initiative we will always endeavour to do so. If you have not heard from us **** working days from the date of your application please contact us for an explanation. EnjoyFinance acts as an employment agency and as an employment business as defined by the Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations **** EnjoyFinance is an equal opportunities employer and offers a free and confidential service to candidates.Enjoy Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy