Title: Regional Sales Manger
Webindex: 71808642
Company: PSD
Description: My client is a very highly respected Brand in the UK offering a market leading pensions and investment platform. The position reports to the Development Director for the South East, you will be responsible for achieving and exceeding sales targets. nbsp; You will be supported by a sales nbsp; associate and will be expected to mentor that associate and help develop their associates sales and relationship management skills. Also the role requires: Development and implementation of segmentation and sales strategies for the region. nbsp; Ensuring sales targets are achieved by establishing strong sales and relationship management protocols, and ensuring that sales and servicing activity is highly focused and productive. Responsible for managing relationships with key accounts within the region and the development of business across the region. Developing strong personal relationships with key individuals at client firms. Applying a structured and proactive approach to account management. Working collaboratively with, and coaching, a sales desk associate who will support your sales activities. Providing feedback and market intelligence to assist in the development and evolution of company products, services and strategies for clients. Your Background: Indepth understanding of the adviser marketplace Demonstrable success selling to advisers, ideally within the London region. Strong technical ability and understanding of the application of trusts and the implications of choosing given solutions In possession of or willing to work towards the highest standard of industry qualifications Understanding of the developing UK platform and wrap market and the impact of the Retail Distribution Review as it affects platforms and advisers Broad grounding in life and pensions as well as the investment market Understanding of the offshore bond market Excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills Solid experience of investment and pensions products Resourceful and a quick learner