Title: Funding Consultant
Webindex: 68677462
Company: Office Angels
Description: Office Angels are proud to be working on behalf of HiltonBaird Financial Solutions who, as an awardwinning, independent commercial finance broker, prides itself on introducing ideal funding solutions to SMEs and corporate businesses, as well as tailored services for its funding and advisor partners, since 1997. Office Angels are currently looking for a Funding Consultant to join the expanding team at HiltonBaird. You will be required to build relationships with businesses of all sizes, identifying their potential funding needs within a vibrant consultative telephone sales environment. Your primary function will be to generate business leads for a brokerage team. This is achieved by making cold / warm calls to prospective clients on the database provided to introduce the business and the array of funding solutions on offer through the company's funding partners. You will have daily and monthly personal and team targets which you would be expected to meet. You must be able to work well under pressure and to set timescales, be able to work as a key member of a team, be selfmotivated, focused, adaptable, an excellent communicator, dynamic and ambitious. In addition, it is imperative that you possess fantastic listening skills and have the ability to adapt your sales approach dependant upon the individual client business requirements. Along with being able to identify the right/best solution for the client needs you must boast the hunger to succeed and the tenacity to gain the targets/results essential to be successful in the role. The role requires a conscientious approach and calls for a high level of professionalism at all times. In return, you can expect an employer who is interested in your personal development, with opportunities to improve your interpersonal and sales skills as well as the chance to embark on the industryrecognised Asset Based Finance Association's training course. To express your interest in this position, please email ben.mclachlanofficeangels.com with your CV and covering letter. Please do not contact HiltonBaird directly as all applications are being processed by Office Angels. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FundingConsultant_job****