Title: Recoveries Analyst
Webindex: 68695218
Company: Debt & Credit Solutions Ltd
Description: Our client based near Maidstone, Kent are looking for a suitably experienced person t o be responsible for the debt sale strategy analytics of their business, providing analytical support and insight for the pricing decisions and debt sale processes and ensuring ongoing optimisation of the debt sale strategy. Debt Sale Analytics: Responsible for all analytical aspects of the debt sales strategy including MI, reconciliation, preparing files for debt sales and analytical support for the pricing decisions. Manage the debt sale account selection process, providing insight as to why the remaining accounts are not available for sale Ensure that debt sale files are appropriately segmented to drive optimal sales prices Own the debt sale pricing model, ensuring that this model is supplying accurate projections on what the expected debt sale value will be Develop the pricing model to ensure that it continues to accurately predict the expected sale prices Provide analysis on the benefits of selling segments of accounts that are not currently sold Collections Recoveries Team Support: Expected to provide thought leadership to the collections and recoveries function. Partner Management: Enhance relationships with the internal and external partners. Additionally, work closely with customer management and collections strategy analysts to ensure that debt sale analytics are linked in with the wider analytical teams. Management Information: Provide key stratifications on each sale file, for inclusion in the presale documentation that is sent to potential purchasers Provide monthly reports on the segmented liquidation rates that the purchasers are witnessing Produce monthly reports on the repurchase rates by purchaser Provide monthly reports on the segmented liquidation rates that our client are witnessing on the nonsold debt Personal Characteristics: High intellectual ability combined with commercial aptitude Ability to influence and guide both peers and subordinates across a range of abilities and aptitude. Ability to listen and communicate with internal and external stakeholders Ability to plan and anticipate Ability to manage change Creativity, energy and personal drive to succeed Ability to work well under pressure Ability to work unsupervised with high level of selfmotivation Experience: Relevant experience within a regulated financial services organization, ideally having spent at least the last 3 years in an analytical role Experience of debt sale and/or purchase and pricing economics Knowledge of credit card sector and products. Have previously held a relevant role within a growth business or have the ability to show potential for a position of this nature. N.B. We are unable to respond to applicants who are unsuccessful in our screening process. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecoveriesAnalyst_job****