Title: Senior Processors
Webindex: 71561135
Description: Working for a large financial organisation in their busy city centre offices we have a number of senior processing roles starting within the next couple of months. We are looking for senior processors with very strong IT skills as you will be working with a number of in house computer systems. You will ideally have worked in finance or banking before and possess a Certificate in Financial Planning **** You will be educated to GCSE, A level or degree level. You will additionally have certificate or qualification in IT, Finance or business.You will be responsible for delivery excellent customer service whilst liaising internally and also with 3rd parties and clients via the telephone and email. You will be working alongside and supporting Independent Financial advisors and expected to manage your own cases, working on them in a professional and efficient manner. You will be dealing with investments, protection and pensions with your cases lasting ****month up to 9 months. You will have excellent relationship building skills enabling you to draw out relevant information from your clients and good eye for detail in order to capture all the key facts. You will be an expert problem solver by thinking outside of the box in order to find solutions.We are looking for individuals who possess the followingVery reliableExcellent time managementExcellent communication skills both verbal and writtenPrevious office experience, preferably within the financial/banking industryAbility to work in a fast paced environmentStrong knowledge of the FSA regulationsVery strong IT skillsLooking for full time permanent workPASS A CREDIT CHECKGCSE AC inc Maths & English, A levels/degreeYour basic salary will be **** there will be a pension on offer or the cash allowance equivalent. Please apply to find out what benefits are included in this package.We are interviewing at the end of February with start dates for the successful candidates on 1st April & 7Th May.The candidate will have some banking/finance experience. They will have excellent numerical & IT skills and the ability to work to deadlines in a busy office environment whilst consistently delivering excellent customer service.Must have excellent numerical & IT skills and accurate attention to detail. Have to ability to work to deadlines whilst following company guidelines and policies.Candidate will have previous banking/finance experience