Title: Paraplanner  Stockport
Webindex: 71293769
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: My client is currently recruiting for and experienced Paraplanner to join their company in Stockport. THE ROLE To support the sales team and giving of advice to private and corporate clients. Working in conjunction with the Consultants: provide analysis, monitoring and reporting, as required, in respect of pensions and investment portfolios, including SIPP drawdown analysis and existing policy analysis. To provide and be responsible for paraplanning for clients needs, including product research, solution design and report writing. To support the consultants in their advisory work, including investigating the clients needs and researching the most suitable products and providers and the production of suitability letters and reports. Liaise with providers and Investment Houses, reacting quickly and communicating movement within different asset classes, new product terms, fund launches to all staff within the business To provide technical guidance to the Business Support Team, assisting with product specific and compliance based queries THE PERSON Qualified to FPC or equivalent and ideally be studying towards a Diploma in Financial Planning (this is desirable, however not essential), this is an excellent opportunity to join an employer that offer ongoing training and development and ongoing progression. Industry software experience would be advantageous; Exchange, 1st Software, Synaptics, Pensions Profiler and asset allocation models. Good communication skills both written and verbal Attention to quality, detail and accuracy and getting it right first time, being results orientated Client focused; friendly and helpful and considerate to all and never shows internally felt anger or frustrations to customers or internal people. Outgoing and likes to have fun and enjoys working with other people, works well in a team environment. For more information please contact Graeme Hyland on (Apply online only) or email Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful