Title: Claims MI Analyst
Webindex: 68801582
Company: Initi8 Recruitment
Description: Claims MI analyst  required for the UK's leading Insurance Company, based **** minutes from Central London. Salary circa ****k plus exceptional benefits and package. We are currently offering an exciting opportunity to join us and contribute to our continued success in the role of a Management Information (MI) Analyst within the Claims Insight Department. The successful candidate will join a dynamic team and will be an integral part of the development of our reporting infrastructure, production and analysis of MI and most crucially providing Business Intelligence to Operational Managers, Heads of Departments, Directors and the Managing Director. You will use both data and your business insight to evaluate business performance then provide analysis to support business improvements. Please be aware that this is not just a role focussing on the production of data. Whilst the role clearly involves this process, it is what the data is telling us, what this means for the business and how we use this information to influence decision making that will be used to measure our success. Requirements What we expect from you:  Strong communication skills both written and oral.  Relationship management skills.  Ability to use Microsoft applications eg Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Access, Excel.  SAS Enterprise Guide (version **** and above or equivalent) experience is desirable but not essential.  Experience of Minitab (or equivalent) is desirable but not essential.  Experience of SAS Base (or equivalent) is desirable but not essential.  Ability to investigate issues and problems and make recommendations for business improvements.  Prepared to be innovative and challenging in your approach to work and have the ability to overcome obstacles by generating new ideas and ways of doing things. What you can expect from us:  A competitive Reward package.  A detailed and individual 4 week induction plan.  A 'buddy' for the period of your induction and beyond if required.  An opportunity to join a high performing and dynamic MI analysis team and develop new skills through a specific Personal Development Plan.  An opportunity to work with a market leading SAS Business Intelligence software package.  A friendly, supportive and progressive team with ambitious objectives and plans. We look forward to receiving your application.