Title: Motor Insurance Complaints Handler
Webindex: 68675351
Company: Gerrard White
Description: Motor Insurance Complaints Handler Location  West Sussex Salary   ****  **** based on experience  Benefits Dynamic and entrepreneurial insurance company with a strong presence in the UK motor insurance are currently seeking to attract talented and efficient Complaints Handler to join the team in West Sussex to ensure customer complaints are treated fairly and in accordance with statutory requirements through to conclusion. The role will primarily focus on ensuring customer complaints are received and treated in a fair and consistent manner. You will be responsible for managing the complaints process by taking ownership of individual cases and resolving satisfactorily and in accordance with FSA / FSC and TCF principles. You will be involved with developing and maintaining statistical and root cause analysis in respect of complaints to aid the business in continually improving performance. Key Responsibilities:  Manage the process relating to customer complaints and be the focal point for all forms and formats of complaints into the business. Ensure the complaints database is updated and that information is accurate.  Ensure all complaints are handled within FSA/ FSC guidelines and timescales.  Take ownership of individual complaints from receipt to conclusion, ensuring that all are handled to the highest possible standard of customer care.  Compile monthly statistics and report on complaints status, identifying trends and potential areas of improvement.  Liaison with the FOS regarding file requests, decisions awarded and subsequent invoice payments.  In liaison with the Operational Standards Manager complete FSA returns as required  Identify training needs and ensure trainers within the business teams are aware and act accordingly.  Provide support if required.  Liaise with compliance to keep updated on changes to regulatory requirements.  Assist with TCF feedback and provide recommendations for improvement.  Ensure procedural consistency is established throughout the business.  Provide input into Induction, Complaints and TCF training. .  Know, understand and apply the principles of TCF, and report any potential area of risk to your line manager. Performance Indicators:  Complaints record maintained accurately.  Complaints handled in accordance with regulatory requirements.  Regular reporting timetable adhered to.  Adherence to FSA, TCF and DPA regulations. Key Skills and Knowledge:  Minimum of 3 years experience, including Motor or Personal Lines Insurance and complaints.  Working knowledge of the FSA FOS regulatory guidelines.  Strong customer service, negotiation and resolution skills.  Demonstrates good organisation and time management skills.  Is self motivated and can work unsupervised and without direct control.  Willingness to develop self and new skills.  Ability to communicate effectively at all levels.  Desire to take ownership of issues and resolve. The company offers, a highly competitive remuneration package, excellent benefits and fantastic opportunities for personal and career development. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MotorInsuranceComplaintsHandler_job****