Title: Senior Income Management Coordinator (Financial Inclusion Social Hou
Webindex: 68996983
Company: Networx Recruitment
Description: Senior Income Officer (Housing) Derby (commutable from Ashbourne, Nottingham, Mansfield and surrounding areas) Circa **** Our client, a Housing Association in Derby, has an exciting opportunity for a Senior Income Officer to join their neighbourhoods department. This is a permanent post and the salary is circa **** The Senior Income Officer will lead the day to day management of the Income Recovery Team you will also represent the organisation at external meetings. Ensuring their customers are at the heart of the organisation you will guarantee services are designed and delivered based on customers needs and expectations to improve and sustain neighbourhoods. With your excellent communication skills you will provide leadership and support to the team, other duties will include managing budgets to ensure expenditure is within set levels providing value for money. Achieving all performance targets as required you will maintain a professional housing knowledge of current legislation and best practice. Our client s ideal candidate will possess an appropriate qualification as well as a good standard education including English, and Maths or equivalent. Proven income management experience including service charge and leasehold management is essential. You will also have an understanding of the current issues affecting social housing and knowledge of housing benefits. Customer involvement and resident engagement skills are crucial for this role along with experience of managing budgets and sound numeracy capabilities. Due to the nature of the role, the Senior Income Officer will be required to own a vehicle and hold a current valid driving license with business and car insurance. You may be required to attend out of hour s emergency calls and meetings/ events during evenings or weekends. Our client is a housing association. Keywords: Senior Income Officer, Income Management, Service Charge & Leasehold Management, Social Housing, Housing Benefits, Resident Engagement, Money Advice, Financial Inclusion, Former Tenant Arrears