Title: PMO Manager
Webindex: 68085703
Company: The Co operative Banking Group
Description: Grow your career in a unique organisation that is growing too. Provide a high quality centralised Project ManagementOffice Deliver governance and reporting capability across the portfolio of change. Lead, motivate and coach a team Establish a single point of contact in Group Customer Operations (GCO) for initiating new change requirements GCO exists within the Cooperative Banking Group to provide a service enhancing, value generating and cost effective single function to all non face to face sales, servicing and processing activities. Join us as a PMO Manager and use your experience to set objectives, priorities and direction within the team to ensure resources are targeted and effective, taking into account commercial impact and analysis on the GCO business by tracking delivery and benefits. You will lead the establishment and delivery of a high quality Programme Office to deliver governance and reporting capability across all areas of the IT portfolio of change. You will lead the delivery of the integrated plan for the portfolio of change. You will establish a single point of contact in GCO for initiating new change requirements across GCO and ensure there is a controlled process for ensuring the right stakeholders are aware of pertinent projects in a timely manner. You will maintain an uptodate knowledge of Programme Office Management requirements and industry best practice, liaising with peer groups within and across the wider GCO organisation, ensuring a commercial focus and efficiencies are delivered. You will also ensure engagement and alignment with local change practices, leveraging best practice and efficiencies where appropriate. To do this successfully you will need to have the following skills and experience:  Industry knowledge of Programme Office governance functions as well as continuous improvement and quality methodologies.  Excellent interpersonal skills – able to persuade and coach staff to adopt new and different working practices.  Excellent communication skills – able to articulate ideas and concepts both verbally and in writing.  Broad understanding of IT environment, specifically IT Project delivery and substantialknowledge of IT project management and/or IT software development Lifecycles We are passionate about equal opportunities and welcome a broad diversity of talent to apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PMOManager_job****