Title: Head of Secured Collections
Webindex: 72245555
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: Lead the transformation, reconfiguration and service integration of Secured Collections into the wider Collections and Recoveries Operation. Successfully integrate the Secured telephony function into the wider telephony Operation. Create the vision to deliver the strategy and framework for world class operational and business service through strong leadership and cultural development. Determine the strategic direction for service improvement, systems, process management and control. Develop and improve strategic alliances with internal and external stakeholders to enhance business strategy and performance. The successful candidate will be able to:  Develop, communicate and lead the strategic development and planning process for Secured Collections, ensuring that the operational strategy is fully aligned to wider strategic direction and goals for the Collections and Recoveries Operation.  Assess process and technology capability to define and lead a world class transformation programme of change and to deliver a world class operating model aligned to customer strategies.  Lead the analysis of the `as is` target operating model to define the `to be` state and ensure structures, activities and practices add value and are aligned to the vision.  Build customer centric strategies which are commercial and create l Our client is a leading UK Retail Bank. Competitive package. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofSecuredCollections_job****