Title: Norwegian speaking Credit Controller
Webindex: 68086423
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: Overview An excellent opportunity for a credit controller to work in this established organisation. Applications from Norwegian language skills only will be considered. About You ONLY FLUENT FINNISH SPEAKERS APPLY With a solid career history you will be working or certainly have previous experience of working within credit control. In addition you will need to have the follows:  Excellent communication skills  Good ability in solving problems  Excellent Leadership skills  Confidence in dealing people at all levels  Decision maker.  Excellent Keyboard skills.  Numeracy.  Team player.  Basic understanding of Outlook, Excel and Word About The Role  Collect and outstanding monies by various methods.  Maintain regular client contact highlighting areas of concern, attending and receiving visits as required.  Provide regular status reports to Credit Manager.  Agree targets  Monitor team to ensure all procedures are being carried out accurately.  Assist with the ‘in house’ training, development and appraisals of staff.  Suggest and participate in developing enhancements to working practices within Credit Control About Our Client This client of Howett Thorpe is well established and has an open plan and friendly team environment Things you should know Pension Healthcare Great Team environment No Parking Must have Norwegian language skills Commutable from Aldershot, Basingstoke, Bordon, Camberley, Farnborough, Farnham, Fleet, Frimley, Godalming, Guildford, Woking, Wokingham, Yateley Howett Thorpe recruit for roles within accounts payable, credit control, payroll also covering accounts assistants, audit, management accounts, financial accounts, analysts, financial controllers, financial directors, corporate finance, tax including all part qualified and qualified vacancies. Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms conditions apply) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NorwegianspeakingCreditController_job****