Title: ****  Business Operations Manager
Webindex: 70691419
Company: Huxley Associates
Description: Principal Accountabilities: The Business Operations Manager – Discretionary Wealth is responsible for the business as usual operational activities performed by their team in order to support the Front Office, business proposition and services. Ensuring the level of service is appropriate to satisfy the Front Office at all times. Monitor, review and identifying areas for improvement and enhancement within the Discretionary Wealth Business Operations. Introduce new processes and controls as appropriate to meet the growth of the Discretionary Wealth business. Work with direct line manager and Head of UK Business Operations to drive cost and performance management of services for the Discretionary Wealth Business. Maintain and build upon external relationships such as those with Williams Lea, Jersey Post, MPH and Stockval in order to improve service level whilst driving costs down. Manage and perform Business Operation functions, which include but are not limited to; Operational Effectiveness & Control Actively manage the team within Business Operations to minimise operational losses and control weaknesses and raise them with the Head of UK Business Operations/Risk/Compliance and or senior management. Ensure any identified Risks are raised appropriately via Risk Heatmap and with senior management. Major Challenges (The challenges inherent in the role that require a continual test of the role holder’s abilities) Improving the efficiency of Discretionary Wealth Business Operations team to enable streamlining, time and headcount savings to be realised. Ensure Business Operations team operates efficiently in order to support the growth of the Discretionary Wealth Business. Developing an integrated service delivery model for Discretionary Wealth from GMO to WTO operational activities for AMEU. Apply ASAP if you are interested. This role needs to be filled immediatly. Sthree UK is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.