Title: Telephone Based Mortgage Advisor
Webindex: 71431936
Company: Fresh Finance Group
Description: About the Role As a Mortgage Protection Advisor at Fresh Finance Group, you will be responsible for advising new and existing customers on mortgage products within the product range over the telephone. Who We Are Looking For We are looking for Motivated and Enthusiastic Individuals who preferably hold CeMAP **** or equivalent qualification. You must have a desire to exceed expectations and a good knowledge of the personal Financial Services industry. Previous experience is preferred but not essential. What We Will Provide An employed position, basic salary plus commission, together with a comprehensive Sales and Development programme and a Mentor to help you to reach your full potential. We offer hot qualified Mortgage Leads and the potential to maximise your commissions through other revenue streams including Will Writing/Debt Management/Pensions Protection Products General Insurance. If you are looking for a new challenge in a positive upbeat environment and you are willing to show the commitment and desire to succeed then Fresh Finance Group is for you The company runs monthly,quarterly and annual incentives for high achievers including luxury holidays abroad. The Directors are keen to reward successful advisors and therefore also offer a quarterly based salary review scheme. About Us Fresh Finance Group Limited established in 2006, is a real company of Specialist Remortgage Brokers and Financial Consultants with our Head Office based in Stoke on Trent, Staffordshire. The Company was started by two local Directors with a winning strategy in place to maximise your potential. Our expert mortgage advisors provide service to our customers all over the UK. We specialise in providing clients with comprehensive remortgage advice from the full range of lenders available. We are a whole of market remortgage broker, which means that we are independent of all lenders, mortgage and remortgage companies. We aim to save our customers money by arranging the most appropriate mortgage in the market place to suit their circumstances. Keywords for this role: Sales; Mortgage Sales Advisor; Financial Sales; CeMAP Mortgage Sales Executive; Remortgage Sales; Mortgage Broker Sales; Protection Advisor; Mortgage Specialist; Midlands; Stoke on Trent based; office based; Staffordshire, Mortgage Adviser, Financial Consultant, Telesales, Telephones based Mortgage Advisor, Mortgage Adviser, Mortgage Advisor This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelephoneBasedMortgageAdvisor_job****