Title: Motor Third Party Intervention Claims Handler
Webindex: 68678580
Company: Gerrard White
Description: Motor Third Party Intervention Claims Handler Location  Kent Salary: ****  ****K  Benefits Leading and dynamic insurance company with a strong presence in the UK motor insurance markets are seeking to attract Motor Third Party Intervention Claims Handler to join an growing and establish team in Kent , due to the growing demands of the business. Your role will be to proactively and effectively handle Third Party Property Damage Motor Claims within the companies Intervention processes, contributing to the control of overall the Claims spend through minimising third party hire and repair costs. This is an excellent opportunity for individuals with experienced and exposure gained an Motor Insurance environment, possessing a solid working knowledge of claims and Intervention processes and benefits. Responsibilities:  Ensure TP intervention claims are proactively managed within the agreed intervention processes.  Control leakage by minimising third party claims and exposure to inflated credit hire claims.  Utilise services of company Intervention supplier network wherever possible on appropriate claims.  Maintain accurate reserves on claims at all times in line with policy and procedures.  Manage a challenging workload to meet productivity and quality standards and to contribute to the delivery of team targets.  Proactively manage personal training and development requirements and support others` personal development as appropriate.  Follow applicable processes, policies and procedures.  Be proactive and creative in your approach to every aspect of your role  Provide guidance and support to others in the team to maximise team effectiveness.  Identify and make recommendations on relevant process changes to ensure continuous improvement.  Identify and refer market trends/behaviours to ensure continuous improvement.  Ensure fraudulent claims and potential large losses are identified and appropriately referred Key Skills:  Working knowledge of Intervention processes and benefits, CACHE, MID,and MIAFTR.  Awareness of motor Fraud indicators.  Awareness of risk factors for large loss/ catastrophic claims.  Understanding of basic liability principles and apportionment  Understanding of RTA / Article **** liability.  Working knowledge of claims validation procedure.  Demonstrate professional and effective written and verbal communication. The company offers a highly competitive remuneration package, excellent benefits and fantastic opportunities for personal and long term career development. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MotorThirdPartyInterventionClaimsHandler_job****