Title: Senior Credit Controller
Webindex: 65900463
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: An experienced Credit Controller is required to work within a large blue chip organisation based in Basingstoke. Reporting into the Credit Control Manager, you will be responsible for the Credit Control function, collecting outstanding debt from B2B clients. You will be working autonomously managing a portfolio of national and international clients. You will be involved in processing sales invoicing, credit notes and direct debits. About You You must have strong credit control skills with experience of reconciling sales ledger accounts and an understanding of the necessary legal steps to recover debts in the County Court. You must be a very strong team player with a pro active and committed work ethos. Your communication skills both written and verbal must be of a very good standard. About The Role  Process sales invoices and credit notes  Issue statements to customers  Reconcile sales ledger accounts on a regular basis thoroughly checking for accuracy  Set up and control direct debt processes  Collect sales ledger debts, ensuring payment and contract terms are met by the Customer.  Maintain and update database with appropriate notes.  Resolve queries with customers and liaise with colleagues, taking a proactive role in ensuring queries are dealt with.  Proceed with the Legal system when necessary for unpaid debts  Be aware of the necessary steps to proceed action to recover debts in the County Court, i.e. issuing claims, obtaining and enforcing judgement etc.  Report on debtors to Credit Control Manager Things you should know Good benefits package Parking available Commutable from Aldershot, Alton, Andover, Bagshot, Basingstoke, Bordon, Camberley, Farnborough, Farnham, Fleet, Frimley, Yateley Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)