Title: Assistant Audit Manager Oil Gas  UK
Webindex: 68013737
Company: Think Global Recruitment
Description: Why work in the UK?Excellent specialist sector experience, globally recognisedExcellent quality of life  multinational culture, regional travel, friendly people, music festivals, nightlife, restaurants, outdoor activities, beautiful scenery and architecture, shopping, popular tourist destination, excellent public transport systems, and much, much moreVery easy to travel the UK and explore Europe in your personal time (trains, direct flights with lowcost carriers, etc) Think Global Recruitment are currently working closely with one of the worlds leading audit and consultancy firms to recruit experienced audit professionals at Assistant Manager level. On offer is an opportunity to expand your career in an engaging and challenging role based in Scotland. You will drive your career forward taking control of a globally recognised client portfolio; this will allow you to build the foundations of a lucrative career within this exciting sector. The Role You will join a firm that puts people at the heart of their business and has a track record of promoting talent and attracting new business. Based in the UK you can expect a high standard of living and a great fast paced lifestyle. As an Assistant Manager you will assist with the management of the audit of key sections or business units of our clients. This will involve audit planning, daytoday management of field teams including review of audit work, liaison with key client staff and the management of the reporting process. Responsibilities will include:Development and coaching of staffEnsuring completion of audits/projects within agreed timescalesBudgeting time allocation to assignments and explaining variances from budgetDrafting accounts in accordance with UK GAAP/IFRS To be considered you must possess:ACA/ACCA or equivalent qualification or experiencePrevious external audit experience (A background in the oil and gas service and/or upstream sectors would be helpful but is not essential.)Commercial awareness of current economic and market trendsDeveloped project management skillsAn analytical approach with a motivated and committed attitudeThe ability to develop strong client relationships Remuneration: You can expect:A competitive and desirable salary and benefits packageFull training and support for senior career development and professional growth If this opportunity appeals to you, or sounds like someone you know, please send an uptodate CV to mailthinkgr.com quoting (EF****) in the subject line. Due to the high volume of applications we receive for each of our vacancies we are unable to reply to individual applications if you do not meet the exact criteria outlined in the Job Description above. For uptodate vacancy and market information follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/ThinkGlobalRec Accountancy Worldwide International Recruitment Forum: Where in the world do you want to work? For more information please visit www.accountancyworldwide.com For other global opportunities please email us with your CV and contact details on mailthinkgr.com. For uptodate vacancy and market information follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/ThinkGlobalRec Accountancy Worldwide International Recruitment Forum: Where in the world do you want to work? For more information please visit www.accountancyworldwide.com