Title: Head of Regulatory Policy
Webindex: 70757891
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client is the industry body providing a strategic focus for the Energy Networks sector  Electricity and Gas transmission and distribution. Economic regulation is the key commercial driver of their members and this post offers the opportunity to influence and shape this vital area at the heart of the regulatory process. We are seeking a suitably experienced, knowledgeable and highly motivated person to join our Policy team managing a complex and interesting programme of work for our client s Electricity member companies. Candidates should have a detailed knowledge of economic regulation and ideally prior experience within the Energy sector, although a proven track record within other regulated industries will be considered. Key responsibilities and accountabilities include:  Provide strategic regulation direction setting; strategic thinking, understanding of regulated companies and how they make money. Also an insight into wider Energy policy issues,  Provide Strategic Overview of developments; an ability to triage, prioritise and analyse complex regulatory information quickly and spot emerging issues,  Good communication skills; particularly summarising complex information, organisation skills and attention to detail (and the ability to manage this in others), the ability to listen and understand,  Influence to achieve objectives and spot the next big issue, at both a detailed and strategic level,  Broad knowledge of regulatory issues so that they are able to confidently pick up on emerging views from the regulator, the ability to articulate complex arguments clearly and succinctly whilst being able to retain a big picture view and to tailor conversations to individuals accordingly,  Representing members at key events including collective stakeholder engagement  wide knowledge of the activities of member companies to help explain our wider role in society etc.  Developing the regulator s positions including detailed drafting; good written communication skills, planning ability and strong governance focus,  Promoting good cohesion behaviours; good team working and interpersonal skills, good negotiation skills,  Management and Administration; delegation and people management, organisation, governance, an understanding of competition law requirements. Candidates must be able to identify and manage key issues concerning regulation. An important aspect of the role will be to develop consensus amongst the Member Companies on specific issues and to represent the member companies in engagement with Government departments as well as Ofgem. There will also be the opportunity to represent the sector at wider UK, European and potentially international events. Ideally the successful candidate will be an Economics graduate or someone with a similar academic background. They will have worked in an economically regulated sector or had day to day experience with the issues they face. They will have a proven track record of building relationships both within their organisation and with external stakeholders. They will be comfortable dealing with highly technical issues and able to work with representatives of our industry at the highest level. If you are interested in applying, please forward your CV to Alec Price at or call on (Apply online only) for an informal discussion. Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency