Title: Retail Bank Modelling Manager
Webindex: 69230142
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: Retail Bank Modelling Manager  ****  ****  Car  Bonus  Benefits  Edinburgh A leading Financial Services provider is currently seeking a Modelling Manager to join their Risk Management team. This is a unique opportunity to establish and further develop your skills at a leading Financial Services provider. This is a permanent opportunity in Edinburgh for an experienced Risk modelling professional. This is a management position and you will be required to effectively communicate with senior management, Business Unit MDs and Executives. Key responsibilities include supporting the development of cross functional analytics and models for enterprise wide implementation, contributing to the development, delivery and maintenance of Risk owned models, providing ad hoc technical expertise on risk model developments and reviews, deputising for Senior Management as and when required. The ideal candidate will be an experienced Risk modeller with experience in a Retail Banking/Financial Services environment. You will be required to develop models for large datasets and will need to be experienced in data extraction and manipulation for the purposes of risk model development. The successful candidate will have proven team management and project management experience and be able to communicate complex techniques and strategy clearly and concisely. Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. Candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive, if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting [contact details removed] We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against any individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.