Title: Relationship Support Manager
Webindex: 69564436
Company: RBS Group
Description: Here at The Royal Bank of Scotland Group Invoice Finance (RBS IF) business, we utilise clients debtor books to turn outstanding invoices into usable capital, advancing up to 90% of the value of invoices within 24 hours, normally on the day that they are raised. Primarily we offer three types of invoice finance: asset based lending, invoice discounting and factoring. Our vision is that by 2015, we ll have significantly increased our advances to UK businesses by leading the market in working capital and assetbased funding solutions as the most innovative and clientfocused provider. Key responsibilities of the Relationship Support Manager role include:Monitoring of account / ledger behaviour and statistics to identify adverse trends.Liaising with Relationship Managers to accurately analyse the profile of Clients and Portfolios.Making recommendations and monitor strategies to be adopted by the RM with early escalation of potential issues.Open and clear communication with Relationship Managers and the Head of Relationship Support Management.Host meetings with RM/Head of Client Relations/Risk and Sector Directors on a regular (monthly) basis.Meeting with clients where the situation demands in conjunction with the Relationship Manager. The Individual To be successful in this role you'll have previous experience in a client facing role within a corporate environment. You will have a financial background and Invoice Finance experience would be advantageous. You'll posses the ability to think strategically and be adept at interpreting and analysing data to inform future plans for the longer term development of the business. And, you'll be able to influence and collaborate at a high level through crossfunctional teams. In return, we offer one of the most innovative and competitive salary packages you ll find in the financial services industry. Whatever your circumstances, you ll find a combination of benefits that come together to fit your lifestyle where you ll have the opportunity to take an extra 30% in addition to your basic salary as a mix of cash and/or benefits which could include healthcare, insurance and a pension plan, to childcare, training courses or more free time to live your life. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken.