Title: Asset Analyst Job In Worcester
Webindex: 68224587
Description: Asset Analyst Job in Worcester Resourcing Group are working exclusively with Sanctuary Group to recruit to two Asset Analysts positions. Sanctuary Group manage almost **** units of accommodation throughout England and Scotland and are actively looking to strengthen their asset management team in their Worcester Head Office. One of the countries largest housing providers, Sanctuary have a multimillion pound turnover (400 million) and staff numbers in excess of **** Sanctuary successfully provides a diverse range of services across their group structure including general rented, retirement living, supported accommodation, student and key worker accommodation and care homes. The successful Asset Analysts will need to provide financial and commercial expertise while supporting the Asset Management directorate to maximise financial capacity, improve understanding of asset performance, and increase the volume and quality of services within the Group. The main objective of these roles is to provide commercial insight, analysis and management information on a timely basis. We would also expect you to assist in the implementation of strategy, to deliver growth plans, and develop gap analysis, in addition to working with the operational and property teams to manage the capital expenditure budget. The job holder is required to operate within the appropriate organisational policies and procedures supporting the production of detailed financial analysis of the Group's portfolio that will help ensure the Group's financial status is understood and strategic action taken. This will include the collation and investigation of financial data stored within financial planning systems, supporting the assessment of the performance of Group assets, and identification of key risks and opportunities arising thereby making sure sound financial decisions are made. Some of the key accountability's are to develop financial systems alongside preparing and refining business/financial processes and financial models to improve business performance and the decision making processes of the Group Executive. The role is crucial to providing information to secure financial savings and improve financial performance, thereby supporting the ongoing financial viability of the Group. To be considered for the position the candidate must have the following skills: Degree/management qualification or relevant professional qualification, or knowledge and ability at an equivalent level ACCA, ACA or CIMA professional qualification or equivalent Proven experience of working in a financial environment Robust knowledge of accounting regulations, legislation and current practice Good negotiation and presentation skills Salary: **** TO **** PER ANNUM (Higher salary would be considered if experience is well suited) Closing date is the 28th January. To apply for this position email your CV or call (Apply online only) to discuss