Title: Continuous Improvement Leader  Edinburgh or London
Webindex: 69805966
Company: RBS
Description: We've an opportunity for a Continuous Improvement Leader to join our Strategy Architecture function within the Business Services division at The Royal Bank of Scotland Group. You'll lead, create and grow influential relationships and own the delivery of crossfunctional customer experience and servicebased costing work streams. This role can be based in either Edinburgh or London. Business Services provides the services that keep RBS running, including Technology Services, Group Operations and Corporate Services. We put money in the ATMs, keep the Bank's technology systems operating, maintain the branch network, protect our customers from fraud, process millions of pounds of payments across the world and provide call centre and online services. We're also developing the new mobile banking technology, working environments for colleagues and strategies to stay ahead of the competition that are shaping the Group's future. Strategy and Architecture help the Group make better, more informed decisions regarding what, where, why, how we operate and who with. We do this through the provision of Strategy, Portfolio Management, Service Management and Architecture Services across the Group. As a Continuous Improvement Leader, you'll own the overall coordination and delivery of customer experience and servicebased costing project planning and resourcing within the division. This includes briefing and mobilising crossdivisional and crossfunctional stakeholders, establishing governance structures and facilitating the development of relevant templates and timelines. You'll run end to end diagnostics and ensure final deliverables are produced and signed off by participants. Additionally, you'll develop a consistent engagement model between service management, other Business Service functions and revenuegenerating business divisions. To be successful as a Continuous Improvement Leader, you'll demonstrate a strong track record in managing organisational change projects, facilitating decisionmaking and ensuring delivery against stretching objectives. You'll need to have significant varied experience in banking operations, management consulting or operations transformation with demonstrable banking product knowledge and awareness. You'll also need to have experience in service delivery and management, business analysis and stakeholder engagement as well as demonstrable experience in leading change management projects. And, it's important that you're a strategic thinker, who can combine vision with application and demonstrate the ability to convert strategy into action. In return, we offer an excellent employee salary and 30% cash and benefit funding programme which can be tailored to suit your individual needs. In addition to financial benefits, we offer a wide selection of exclusive lifestyle offers, development and learning programmes, services and support designed to help you manage and balance your own worklife priorities. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken. If you'd like to discuss this role in confidence please contact David Liddell on **** **** **** Did you know that RBS has won a number of awards as a top employer in the UK in 2012? Best Business Awards 'Best Employer', Business In The Community Top 10 'Ethnic Equality’ ‘Gender’, Working Families 'Top 10 Employer', Workingmums.co.uk Top Employer 'Employee Engagement’, The Times Top 50 ‘Where Women Want to Work’, The Times Top 100 'Graduate Employers’, and The Sunday Times 100 ‘Best Companies to Work For’. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ContinuousImprovementLeaderEdinburghorLondon_job****