Title: Senior R****R Accountant (GFS EMEA)
Webindex: 69212968
Company: AstraZeneca
Description: AstraZeneca is a global, innovationdriven, integrated biopharmaceutical company. We employ over **** people and have a presence in over 100 countries across six continents. Our mission is to make a meaningful difference to patient health through great medicines that bring benefit for patients and add value for our stakeholders and society. The role The successful candidate will join as a member of Global Finance Services (GFS) who are a Finance and Accounting Shared Service Organisation supporting AZ?s Sales and Marketing Companies alongside UK & Sweden Operations, R&D, Supply Chain and Corporate Office. Within GFS there is a culture of innovation and continuous improvement, ensuring delivery of efficient and effective processes, which support the wider Business in delivery of Key Transactional Activities. Service will be provided using a combination of resources from our internal base in Alderley Park and our outsourced service provider based across 4 offshore locations in Delhi, India Cluj & Bucharest, Romania and Lublin, Poland. AZ divides its business into SET areas, by reference to the Senior Executive Team member who leads that Area, for example, R&D or the Global Commercial Organisation (GCO). GFS supports all SET areas in UK and Sweden with General ledger and Subledger services through to reporting into Group Consolidation. For the GCO SET area GFS EMEA provides service for Western and Eastern European Markets, Middle East and North Africa and India. This key role will focus on supporting the two main AZ Hub?s of the UK and Sweden business, providing significant exposure across the Group and an opportunity to make significant impact on key processes. Key Responsibilities: To effectively manage, provide leadership and support the outsourced team and ensure that Group Reporting requirements for the Units supported are delivered. To provide strategic direction and support to outsourced team in delivering improvements & excellence. To proactively manage relationships with key stakeholders and working to provide solutions to complex Issues or improve Performance To coach the internal and outsourced team to provide highly effective, quality Account Management for the Units supported, building and maintain effective virtual teams within GFS. To review, agree and interpret the accounting requirements for the accounting issues / major transactions impacting the accounts. To identify and aggressively promote opportunities to improve and standardise processes in the team and Finance in general To review the work of the outsourced R****R team, including compliance with SOX controls and to work effectively within the wider team to ensure consistency across the processes managed by the team. Education, Qualifications, Skills & Experience Essential: Qualifications ACA, ACCA, CIMA or equivalent Experience Experience of managing a busy Financial reporting team according to IFRS, UK or Local European GAAP according to strict deadlines. Experience of reporting for Group consolidations in a large group or shared service centre using a major ERP system and a consolidation toolkit such as Hyperion. Experience in Supply management on BPO environment. Experience in implementing and leading change programs. Skills Strong technical and analytical accounting skills Significant experience of financial controls Experience of year end accounts preparation and external auditor liaison Good analytical skills to redesign processes and improve operational efficiency Flexible, motivated by challenges, and able to motivate others Desire to progress within AstraZeneca It is expected that there will be a need to travel to GFS Customer locations and to Genpact Operational sites in Europe and India (may involve other locations) where necessary Desirable Familiarity with the Pharmaceutical or FMCG/R&D industries. Lean Six Sigma qualification. External or Internal Audit Background AMCT/Treasury Qualifications