Title: Credit Analyst  Oil Trading
Webindex: 72194640
Company: Insight Professional Solutions Ltd
Description: Are you looking to further your Credit career in the Energy Commodity Trading industry, by joining an expanding, recently established Oil (both Physical and Paper) trading business here in London? Our client, who offer that exciting boutique trading environment are seeking a Credit Analyst to help the company expand and develop into a fully integrated Global trading business. Your main purpose as Credit Analyst will be to provide full support to the Credit Manager who is also responsible for compliance matters. Your responsibilities will include, but may not be limited to:  Counterparty analysis providing a clear summary of the counterparty risks (business/financial) through written and verbal presentations.  Responsible for preparing credit management information, including the production of daily credit reports and monitor daily exposures and credit risk limits  Responsible for ensuring a full set of client documentation is held prior to commencing business relationship (KYC) and manage KYC database  Produce ad hoc portfolio analysis.  Monitor collateral for credit risk mitigation.  Support negotiation of Credit Support Annexes, Netting Agreements, Guarantees and other agreements.  Ensure compliance with credit risk procedures.  Provide credit guidance to the commercial team SKILLS EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:  Educated to degree level (or equivalent); preferably in Economics, Finance or quantitative discipline.  Previous work based experience in credit management within a Commodity Trading House/ Utility/Banking/ Financial Services organisation.  Understanding of the energy markets.  Risk experience of physical oil and oil derivatives trading would be an advantage.  Flexibility and adaptability to work in rapidly changing environment  Proactive approach to problem solving, and ability to identify and set priority actions and handle a high workload.  English essential, German highly beneficial