Title: Gold FX Settlements Team Member
Webindex: 66888169
Company: Force Select
Description: THE CLIENT: My client, a European Central Bank, is now looking to expand its ever growing team. Based in the City of London standing at the centre of the UK s financial system, the Bank is committed to promoting and maintaining monetary and financial stability as its contribution to a healthy economy. THE ROLE: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a reliable, focused, and motivated individual to join the Gold s customers and executing foreign exchange payments on behalf of our customers, as well as the settlement of front office FX and money market trading. The nature of this role also requires working closely with the Bank s Gold Physical Team and this can involve working within the vaults. As you become more confident in the role, you will be required to give presentations on the Bank s gold custody operations. You will therefore be prepared to develop your presentation skills and be confident when presenting to a group. Although not essential, experience in using Microsoft Office packages such as Excel would be an advantage. Previous experience in using SWIFT, Openlink and Matching **** will also be being beneficial, however, we will provide full training THE CANDIDATE: You will have strong organisational and communication skills and a keen eye for detail. An ability to work well under pressure in order to meet daily deadlines is also required. You will be operating in a low volume high value environment where high standards of accuracy and professionalism are key requirements. You will work well as part of a motivated team and will be flexible, supporting each other as required. On occasions, you will be required to work weekends supporting the gold display within the Bank museum and so a willingness to be flexible is required. Although not essential, experience in using Microsoft Office packages such as Excel would be an advantage. Previous experience in using SWIFT, Openlink and Matching **** will also be being beneficial, however, we will provide full training. In summary, the skills/competencies required for this role include: Ability to work well as part of a team Excellent workload management skills Ability to work to deadlines and under pressure Strong interpersonal skills Good level of IT literacy Adaptable to change