Title: Operational Change Manager (London)  ****
Webindex: 68690237
Company: Barclays 
Description: About Barclays Barclays moves, lends, invests and protects money for customers and clients worldwide. With over 300 years of history and expertise in banking, we operate in over 50 countries and employ over **** people. We provide large corporate, government and institutional clients with a full spectrum of solutions to their strategic advisory, financing and risk management needs. Our clients also benefit from access to the breadth of expertise across Barclays. We're one of the largest financial services providers in the world, and are also engaged in retail banking, credit cards, corporate banking, and wealth and investment management. For further information about Barclays, please visit our website www.barclays.com Department Overview This role is part of UK Corporate Operations. With a global footprint, we provide dedicated support to our clients and coverage colleagues through our strategic middle and back office capabilities. UK Corporate Operations is divided in to ****ey specialisms; Client Servicing, Middle Office Lending Operations, Sales Trade Finance Operations, Operational Change Management, Internal Control Global Payments. This role sits within our Operational Change Management division. An embedded change function within Operations, this community lead and drive the Change agenda within Operations. The programme scope is vast and can be aligned to any of the other specialisms within Operations. Main Function Of The Job Supporting Barclays Corporate Infrastructure in shaping the future of Corporate Banking Main Duties Responsibilities  Achieving success through contributing to Corporate Banking (CB) strategic goals for our customers and our people (customer service, productivity, efficiency).  Delivering improvements to key servicing and operational processes using project management, change management and process improvement techniques (e.g. business analysis, Lean).  Delivery will be of redesigned/engineered operational processes to business as usual (BAU) and follow through into postimplementation measurement of success.  Working with different parts of CB as required to contribute to the development of target designs for business end to end processes, across channels, customers and people.  Supporting the CB Operational Change Management (OCM) team in providing project governance responsibilities. Person Requirements  Experience in stakeholder management.  Awareness of key drivers of service excellence and operational efficiency.  Understanding of full project lifecycle.  Ability to demonstrate experience of working for or closely with an IT, Transformation or Change function.  Appreciation of the impact of change on organisations.  Knowledge of Financial Services or other Regulated markets.  Understanding of Prince**** project methodology . This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OperationalChangeManagerLondon0008****980_job****