Title: Risk Analyst  analysis and modelling
Webindex: 68994639
Company: The Curve Group
Description: Who are we? A Financial Services company based in the West Midlands, we have been providing leading edge solutions to wellknown brands throughout the UK, continually providing enhanced solutions that meet the demands of a 21st Century service provider. With over 40 years experience focusing on loyalty, finance and data services throughout the retail, travel and sport sectors, we have gained an enviable reputation, which allows us to support and enhance the services offered to over **** companies with a customer group of 4 million based throughout the UK and Europe. Risk Analyst  analysis and modelling An exciting opportunity has arisen to work for a forward thinking organisation as a Risk Analyst. The purpose of this role is To assist in developing and monitoring the bad debt forecasts for the LaSer UK portfolio by providing information, analysis and technical support. Key Responsibilities: Assist in the development of models to produce the bad debt forecasts and three year plan. Monitor the monthly bad debt results against the forecast. Assist in the development and updating of models to support the twice yearly provision review. Provide analysis which highlights segments of customers that are adverse to the bad debt forecast. Assist in the implementation and monitoring of scorecards. Provide management reports which evaluate the risk profile of the LaSer UK Customer base. Provide MIS which is used to update senior management on the risk status of the portfolio. As requested, liaise with other departments or external organisations e.g. Credit Bureau on any current or future initiatives. Liaise with Operational teams as requested to ensure that policies and procedures are being complied with in an efficient manner. The ideal candidate will have: Graduate in a numerate discipline Excellent analytical and communication skills. High level of selfmotivation. Able to take initiative and work with minimum supervision. High level of accuracy and attention to detail. Strong desire to succeed and exceed goals set. Previous experience in Excel, Word and SAS (or SPSS) desirable. Previous experience in consumer credit Risk Management desirable. KEY INTERFACES Collections Finance Operational Support How to Apply: Please apply via the job board. PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT EMPLOY ANYONE WHO FAILS A CREDIT CHECK OR WHO HAS BEEN DISMISSED FROM A PREVIOUS ROLE