Title: Strategic Accounts Manager – UK, SE Eng – ****  Asset Finance
Webindex: 69169290
Company: New Leaf Search Ltd
Description: Our client is seeking a Strategic Accounts Manager to provide an effective sales function to the team and act in a professional manner in representing the Company as a whole. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Achieve set targets based on; PV (turnover), and Margin (profit). Develop a qualified pipeline of potential business within the first 12 months. Make efficient use of systems available and adhere to the requirements for information to be given in the prescribed format and in the manner requested. At all times progress outstanding customer issues to a resolution. Any other duties as determined from time to time by the Sales Manager responsible. To work in accordance with the Company quality manual and procedures. Maximise opportunities of account development within the identified clients. Maximise all crossselling opportunities within client, partners, suppliers etc. Effective management of time when working remotely from the office. Liaison with the Management organisation and Sales Administration as required. Enable the designated sales administrator support to be effective through the provision of adequate information at appropriate times regarding customer negotiations. Use additional support from other resources within the Company as may be deemed necessary to ensure a successful conclusion to a negotiation. PERSON SPECIFICATION: Prior experience in leasing and asset finance sales. Prior experience in identifying and establishing new client relationships. Experience and exposure of operating leasing and knowledge of related accounting principles. Demonstrate the skill set, experience and necessary gravitas to liaise with senior counterparties at plc level. Understanding of company accounts and an analysis of credit risk (desirable). Experience of IT sales and/or IT finance and experience of complex contractual negotiation is desirable. We are keen to receive applications from candidates with proven relevant experience from the Leasing and Asset Finance industry only. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StrategicAccountsManagerUKSEEng****AssetFinance_job****