Title: Customer Service Team Leader Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 68184730
Company: Modis
Description: Role: Customer Service Team Leader Duration: 12 months  Maternity cover Rate: **** p/h Location: Craigforth Job Dimensions Financial Responsible for leading a team to consistently deliver a high levels of service within an agreed budget NonFinancial Responsible for leading and inspiring a team of 1215 people to deliver service excellence. Developing and nurture relationships with key stakeholder internally and externally. Accountabilities/Responsibilities Create and nurture an open and honest environment that encourages and supports the delivery of excellent customer service. Connect and Inspire with people to encourage continual development and improved capability. Champion change and take personal responsibility for driving change forward. Constructively and continually challenge the way we work, generating new ideas and take them from concept through to delivery. Deliver consistent levels of service today while planning and considering the requirements for the future. Responsible for operational risks and controls to ensure these are compliant with regulatory, legislative and internal requirements. Deliver cost challenges within area. Actively engage with other areas in operations and the business to improve our service proposition and promote 'one team' ethos. Develop and build successful partnerships with key stakeholder, both internally and externally, that add value to our business. Responsible for complaints within team ensuring these are resolved to an acceptable outcome in line FSA guidelines. Lessons are learnt and changes implemented to improve the service. Ensure all team members have clear objectives and Perfomance Development Plans and understand how these align to the UK strategy Manage workplace issues in a timely and legally compliant manner whilst maintaining and a fair and reasonable approach Be able to apply HR policies and practices in order to meet the needs of the business whilst being consciously aware of the customer experience Be aware of your responsibility as a first line manager for the health and safety of your team and be able to deploy that responsibility where appropriate Champion treating customers fairly to ensure the customer is at centre of everything we do. Communicate clearly and influentially, in a way that engages people so they can see how what they do fits into the bigger picture and how they can each make a difference to the success of the company. Display high levels of personal integrity at all times in personal and business interaction. Maintain and update strong knowledge and understanding of the financial services industry and marketplace to add value to the decision making process. Responsible for achieving and maintain competence under N2 guidelines for self and others. Develop and deliver business plan that bridges the gap between local plan and higher customer service business plan. To demonstrate a positive risk, compliance and control culture through the identification, assessment, monitoring and management of risks and issues within the business area, alongside ensuring timely and appropriate resolution of control weaknesses, actions and failures that arise. Knowledge Excellent knowledge of product, procedures and systems within business area Strong knowledge of the financial industry and the market place Strong ability in understanding management information and using this to make considered decisions Comprehensive knowledge of relevant regulatory and mandatory procedures and qualifications Good understanding of business drivers and the key deliverables on the Customer Services Business plan This role has a start date of March, please note any availability will need to reflect this. Closing date for this role is COP 17th January, if this role is of interest please respond with your most recent CV. Modis is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Modis is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.