Title: Internal Auditor  Insurance
Webindex: 68299597
Company: Finance Professionals
Description: ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Through training, as appropriate, gain a thorough understanding of business operations potential risks, and appropriate controls. Perform financial, operational, and compliance internal audit reviews and other special projects. Assist in planning the scope of work for each assigned engagement. Evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls as well as compliance with company policies and procedures of key processes across the organization. Review financial statements and related records for appropriateness of accounting and financial reporting and procedures. Identify control weaknesses, accounting/reporting deficiencies and/or business productivity/efficiency opportunities. Document and review process flow narratives, identify key controls, perform and review testing and document conclusions effectively. Work with management to identify corrective actions for improvement given existing business and control risks and other costbenefit considerations. Discuss findings with various levels of management. Collaborate and assist Internal Audit Management in the administrative duties of the department. Interact with all levels of personnel both within Internal Audit and the business units across the organization. Actively pursue continuing professional education in line with the department's needs and the auditor's career development. CANDIDATE REQUIREMENTS Undergraduate degree in Accounting or Finance or related business fields; **** to 3 years audit experience (internal audit a plus)  compliance, insurance broking, or consulting auditing experience is considered a plus; Adaptable, dynamic, team player with initiative who wants strong career development opportunities; Exceptional analytical and problem solving skills; Interpersonal skills are essential. Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact with all levels of personnel both within Internal Audit and the business units; Active pursuit of professional designations Other than English, language skills a plus. Finance Professionals is part of Hydrogen Group.