Title: Back Office Team LeaderFinancial ServicesCity
Webindex: 72241383
Company: Diamond Resourcing
Description: Role Summary: Responsibilities include developing and maintaining fundamental operational procedures and systems including overall management of Back Office and the **** Back Office team members. Main Purpose of Job: Managing Back Office Team workloads; overseeing and improving quality; managing workloads and staffing levels to agreed service levels and budgets; driving operational efficiencies. Ensuring appropriate escalation sequence for all escalated enquiries and being the final point of escalation for customer complaints. Producing and distributing management information. Main Tasks: To ensure all processes and procedures are fully adhered to and processed within the associated service levels. Manage an appropriate escalation and handling mechanism for customer enquiries via all routes within internal and external SLAs. Be the final point of escalation for customer complaints and minimise compensation payments and escalations to the FOS. Manage recruitment and staffing within workloads and budgets. Motivate team members and recognise achievements, developing team members skills and personal progression. Hold regular team meetings and monthly ****s with members of the Back Office team. Problem solving for difficult customer situations, process failures and system issues. Identify backlogs, incidents and process failures, manage them and recommend and implement steps to address Document and revise processes and procedures to improve efficiency and productivity. Process daily tasks for the functions in the department as necessary. Develop and maintain quality control procedures and monitoring processes for Back Office tasks To ensure all processes are efficient and compliant with scheme regulations and managed to a satisfactory level of risk management. To act as escalation point for those customer enquiries requiring a managers input. Develop and maintain operational reports and management information. Qualification Requirements: Degree preferable. Minimum 2 years relevant team leader or management experience. Relevant people management training required. Experience in a Back Office Operations preferably within the Payment Card or Financial Services Industry (minimum 3 years). Requires experience in at least **** of the following areas: Customer Relations, Customer Services, Quality management, process improvement, Correspondence, Payment Operations, Application Processing, Complaints, Customer Service. Intermediate use of MS Office specifically Excel, Word and Visio. Proven ability to resource, manage and develop internal and external teams with minimal supervision. Evidence of flexibility within previous roles. Understanding of payment schemes, including knowledge of MasterCard and/or Visa rules would be an asset. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BackOfficeTeamLeaderFinancialServicesCity_job****