Title: UK Risk Analyst
Webindex: 68684644
Company: IPS Group
Description: A leading London Insurer is looking for a UK Risk Analyst. The role is an excellent opportunity for a 2nd Jobber wanting to progress their career in Risk Management with a world class Insurer. The successful candidate would join a team of 3 based in London as the UK Risk Analyst and report to the UK Head of Risk. The main purpose of the role will be to support the UK Head of Risk and UK Risk team in the development and execution of the risk programme and risk initiatives for the UK Hub and UK Legal Entities. Role:  Take responsibility for planning and arranging risk assessment updates with the business, enabling the team to keep on track for adequate coverage of the risk and control profile.  Assist in liaising with and challenging the risk and control owners' assessments of their risks and controls on a regular basis.  Assist in the identification and monitoring of actions to strengthen the controls and assist in the identification of operational loss events and emerging risks.  Assist in risk reviews of business operations to confirm risk assessments and control improvements.  Where required, support effective delivery of key business projects by offering oversight of high risk projects from a risk team perspective, bringing insight as to the potential implications of the projects on business processes.  Alongside the group operational risk team, assist in the development and administration of the Group's risk software and reporting tool, providing support to the groupwide risk team.  Support the team in working with the business to identify, update and challenge operational risk scenarios, to act as a validation of the risk and control profile within the risk register updates, to identify any additional control enhancements required and to feed into the capital setting process  Support the team in the assessment and documentation of UK Risk Management Framework and participate in working with the Enterprise Risk Management team in the development of an enhanced risk programme that embeds risk and capital management considerations in operational and strategic management including the ORSA process.  Assist the team in the preparation of Risk Reports to the UK Board and the UK Risk Committee.  Assist in the development and completion of reporting including Key Risk and Control Indicators and other regular deliverables.  Work closely with the Group Internal Audit and UK Compliance teams to consider results of internal audits, compliance reviews and any third party reviews for consideration in risk identification and assessment.  Collaborate work to ensure leverage amongst the Group's various assurance functions Requirements:  Degree and/or Risk Related Qualification (studying towards) or equivalent  Excellent communication skill and a passion to progress in the world of Risk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UKRiskAnalyst_job****