Title: CUSTOMER SERVICES MANAGER / COMPLAINTS MANAGER  FINANCIAL  LONDON
Webindex: 69502547
Company: Agile Talent Management
Description: CUSTOMER SERVICES MANAGER / COMPLAINTS MANAGER  FINANCIAL SERVICES  LONDON  c****k  Bonus Strong Benefits Working for a well established organisation in the Financial Services sector you will manage a team of 10 to **** complaints handlers who will have a range of experience and skills. You ll be working in a particular product or service area (such as banking, insurance or payment protection insurance)  with support from expert senior management and often with specialists in your own team. You ll have targets to achieve  not just in terms of the number of cases and the timescale for resolving them, but also in terms of the quality of your team s work. The job of your team is to get to the heart of what s going on in each case, so that they can make a judgement on what needs to happen. Then their job is to share the outcome with the respective parties in a sensitive and appropriate way. So the heart of your job is to lead your team. You ll need to support and develop your team members, helping them grow the professional skills they need in the specific area they work in  as well as the customer service skills to handle the toughest situations. You ll need to help them identify where they can improve  and provide coaching. And you ll need to bring the team together, so that you get the best out of them as a group, using all their skills  so that together you can deliver a truly excellent service. Experience required:  We need you to have experience of delivering excellent customer service  whether as a manager of a team or just delivering a great service yourself.  We also need to have the confidence that you have the intellectual and problem solving skills to really get to the heart of the cases your team will be dealing with. Although you won t be working on a lot of cases yourself, you need to be able to do the job your team members are doing  and coach your team through their work. This could be demonstrated through a strong academic background or through previous jobs which require problemsolving skills.  We don t necessarily require knowledge of any particular aspect of financial services to do this job  as you ll be supported by experts in the area in question and given a lot of training. However, if you do know an area of financial services well, we d welcome your expertise Good leadership skills:  Ideally we d love you to have had some experience as a manager of a team. But if you don t, we ll need you to have good leadership skills. It s important that your team has full confidence in you and want to follow you.  We need you to have good coaching skills  which means being able to talk people through issues and help them improve  rather than just doing it for them. You ll get the best out of your team if they feel engaged and want to develop. And of course, at times you ll also need to have some tough conversations with people  that comes with being a good manager.  We will want you to be someone who really engages your team in the future of the ombudsman service  helping them get excited both about their own career development and about opportunities for delivering an even better service. We re constantly changing and evolving. And it s your job to interpret what this means for every single team member. Excellent communication skills:  You need to be someone with excellent listening skills  and someone who can ensure that our customers (businesses and consumers), as well as your team, feel they ve really been heard .  You also need to be great at engaging your whole team  holding team meetings, briefing people on what s happening around them, getting them excited about delivering an even better service. A team player who shares knowledge:  We achieve things as a team and not by working alone. So you ll need to be someone who asks when you re not sure, who mucks in to help their colleagues if there is a lot on, and who wants to share knowledge and to learn.  You ll need to be really good at building relationships around the organisation  so that you can solve issues with others, work out how you gain the knowledge and expertise you need for your team to succeed, and make sure that together, across the organisation, we get the best possible results. This is a great role, working for a great company, with superb career prospects and the chance to be part of an exciting team project based in London. Apply now, quoting ATM/CUST/MGR/LONDON.