Title: Interim Commercial Management Accountant (12 Months FTC)
Webindex: 67779502
Company: Global Accounting Network
Description: This large multinational company is looking for a strong, proactive partqualified or newly qualified ACCA/CIMA interim commercial management accountant to support its business unit at the company’s HQ in Berkshire for 12 months. Duties include:  Support the Marketing department by carrying out Profitability analysis.  Continue to monitor the profitability of all Products sold within the range and discuss with management for ways of enhancing the return on investment with HQ guidelines.  Support the department with detailed breakdown of discounts performance by subchannel and type of discounts and full management of month end accounting and accruals for discounts.  Build and develop the product derivatives detailed plans within Budgets/Forecasts by using Oracle Financial Analyzer.  Prepare a monthly Profit and Loss and its discussion with management, explaining major deviations from Budget/Forecast cycles.  Control over the costing of Quarterly campaigns and daily assessment of various bulk deals to ensure that overspends are clearly identified and HQ approval procedures are followed prior to its expenditure.  Reconciliation of month end discount accruals in Balance Sheet with General Ledger and Sales Incentive System justifying the level of accrual.  Liaise with various departments for their investment needs and to plan and monitor the company investment initiatives.  Management of all reporting requirements for various Forecast cycles to HQ.  Timely and accurate delivery of month end accounting for discounts.  Support commercial areas with product/client profitability analysis.  Management and delivery of Budgets/Forecasts in line with HQ timetable.  Presentation of result performance to various cycles i.e. Budget and Forecasts. The ideal candidate will have good academics and have worked for similar blue chip companies (Manufacturing, FMCG or Retail desirable) for long periods of time and have demonstrated clear progression within their current or previous roles. This individual must have strong business partnering skills coupled with commercial awareness. Strong IT skills and have the desire and skill set to improve processes and systems. They must be a strong team player and leader, working closely with the FC and CFO. Hard work, passion and dedication are rewarded within this role, which is looking to interview very soon so applications need to be submitted ASAP.