Title: Technician Broker
Webindex: 68682128
Company: Robert Half   London City
Description: The Company Robert Half Insurance are currently recruiting an Energy Technician to join a leading global insurance broker who will specialist within their downstream energy team. The ideal candidate will preferably have a proven track record of downstream energy insurance. The Role To produce slips, endorsements and other marketing material for brokers in accordance with published market standards and internal guidelines. To step up and maintain client filing. To ensure that all communications are accurately recorded and that all enquiries are dealt with promptlyTo record and deal promptly with any telephone enquiries/other verbal enquiries, exercising own judgement, based upon knowledge and experience, as to when to refer to senior colleagues. To use all appropriate system to record, monitor and process work. To diary and chase key dates e.g subjectivities and warranties. To liasie with for accounting forms as appropriate, To handle overseas broking as appropriate, To conduct a thorough debroke of the file prior to processing and coordinate remedial action as necessary. To provide Processing Instructions in accordance with company guidelines. To check for accuracy all client documentation prior to dispatch unless issued by offshore. To resolve queries (bureau/underwriting/client/account) promptly, To report any material changes to divisional forecast, if appropriate, To report breaches, errors and ommissions, disputes and complaints. To ensure compliance with the company's rules and proceduers and other management instructions Salary Benefits **** to **** depending upon experience Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicianBroker_job****