Title: Senior Finance ManagerParis and London
Webindex: 68061910
Company: Spring Personnel
Description: A top law firm in London is looking for an experienced Senior Finance Manager to join their team. The successful candidate will report to the International Finance Director based in Hong Kong, however they will be responsible for the day to day financial control and smooth running of the finance function within the two NonUK European Offices and the International network of nonowned member firms. In addition to this, this firm operates shared service functions, therefore some parts of the typical operations will be performed by other members of the team/external third parties. All of these relationships need management and leadership to ensure excellent service is provided to the stakeholders. The successful candidate will be based either in Paris or London, and the role will involve travel largely within Europe. Key responsibilities: This role combines commercial business partnering with local operational and statutory requirements including:  Commercial business partnering to the Europe based partners and lawyers to drive improved office and client profitability  Understanding the financial dynamics of international member firms in support of Global strategy and overall global client profitability  Driving a step change in working capital arrangements through improved forecasting, payments profiling and improved commercial terms with clients and efficient cash collection  Reviewing and optimising local finance end to end processes to drive efficiencies and a step change in our service offering to the European offices  The ongoing management and nurture of our stakeholder relationships  Managing the integrity of accounting records, local accounting and the month end process.  Operational responsibility for all areas of finance including billing, accounts payable and intercompany reconciliation  Maintaining strong internal control environment and proactively identify and challenge areas for improvement. Particularly, assess the scope for the migration of certain processes to optimise and leverage the shared service centers.  Management of the yearend audit, including preparation and submission of all local statutory/tax submissions.  Responsibility for TVA submissions.  Responsibility for management of key external relationships with auditors and professional advisors.  Working in conjunction with Human Resources and Partner Services teams on all payroll and partner tax matters.  Being the key contact point for the wider finance team on all European (nonUK) related matters such as budgetary and forecast preparation, monthly performance reviews, overhead variance analysis and other ad hoc projects  In addition to the operational activities, you will be responsible for the training and development of a small finance team of four and making sure that services provided by the wider finance community are fit for purpose for the function. Skills and experience: You will be degree educated, hold a professional accountancy qualification and have prior experience of reporting into an international company headquartered in the UK. Ideally you will have trained in practice or within an established corporate. To be successful in this role you must be able to demonstrate:  Huge drive, passion, energy, enthusiasm and commitment  Fluent in spoken and written English and French (including Business).  Extensive experience operating at and influencing at senior levels, and will have impeccable communication and commercial skills  Track record of independent management of yearend audit process and preparation of local tax, statutory and filing requirements for EU countries including France.  Strong communicator and be able to present ideas and recommendations clearly and confidently.  First class team management and leadership capabilities and experience Prior legal sector experience would be desired although not essential. Spring Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Spring Group plc is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Posting Time This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorFinanceManagerParisandLondon_job****