Title: Product Manager  Savings & Investment
Webindex: 71679391
Company: AMBRIDGE HARRIS ASSOCIATES
Description: Ambridge Harris are recruiting for a Product Manager within Savings and Investments for a leading Financial Services company. Ideally you will be based out of London but if home working is preferred then this can be accommodated. You will have a strong background in Life products and a strong working experience in this type of role. Responsibilities: The role is responsible for designing and delivering a base of regular premium savings and investment products. Monitors and understands the drivers of financial metrics underlying saving investment products. Successfully delivering new regular premium savings and investment products to target customer groups Designs regular premium savings investment products endtoend Provide content for core product literature and to be responsible for the technical accuracy of all regular premium savings and investment product and proposition documentation Responsible for products that currently equate to c120m UK and International Skills and Experience: Understand the financials of Life insurance and in particular the metrics around cash generation and profitability Strong problem solving and analytical abilities  with the ability to solve complex problems, propose alternative solutions, explore new ways Creative thinking  can demonstrate originality evidence of pushing boundaries Teamwork and team fit  ability to work in a core team to 'get the job done', whilst also being able to drive forwards on own where appropriate. Strong knowledge of the international savings and investment marketplace, including: local marketing/ promotional rules and regulations; an understanding of the regular premium savings investment product offerings of international competitors (local and offshore) and unique selling points of each. Experience working in the offshore life market. Ambridge Harris is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Ambridge Harris will not discriminate on unlawful grounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManagerSavingsInvestment_job****