Title: Treasury Product Manager
Webindex: 56086197
Company: CMC Consulting Limited
Description: Our client, a leading Bank, is currently seeking a qualified accountant to join their Treasury Control team. This high profile role sits within an expanding and relatively new team providing plenty of scope for you to make your mark in the business. The successful applicant will benefit from working in a close knit team, who are dedicated to providing support to deliver goals. Training is available to develop high performing individuals. Your responsibilities will include; Retrospective and prospective testing of hedge accounting relationships Analysis of new trades to determine appropriate treatment Investigation into hedge ineffectiveness on new and existing trades Compile daily IFRS profit and loss account Continual improvement of existing IT processes to enhance the efficiency of the team Design and implementation of control reports Ad hoc coaching responsibilities The successful candidate will ideally be a qualified accountant with experience gained in Product Control. The individual should have money markets product knowledge, excellent understanding of the balance sheet and strong analytical skills. The ideal candidate should have strong excel skills including VBA and should be able to provide commentaries, management reports and risk and position analysis. Treasury Product Manager Leading Bank  ****  ****  Bonus  Benefits Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website http://www.cmcconsulting.co.uk We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.