Title: Head of Access to Finance/Head of Investments
Webindex: 68565849
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Head of Access to Finance/Head of Investments Location: Euston, London Are you a credible business expert with experience of helping companies raise funding? Do you have proven experience of managing teams across different regions? Do you have strong commercial acumen? If so then this is the opportunity for you A leading Accountancy firm based in London are recruiting a Head of Access/Head of Investments to manage the Access to Finance delivery teams and contract manage subcontracted delivery in all five regions (being London and Hertfordshire, North, South East, Midlands and South West) and where appropriate deliver investment coaching. As Head of Access to Finance, you will be responsible for being a leading expert in the investment and banking sector and leading a national team to help with the delivering on Business Growth Service's projects, specifically on the Access to Finance Project. Your primary responsibilities will include:  Managing Access to Finance Team Leaders and Account Managers  Oversee all delivery Manage overall delivery performance for all geographic areas of responsibility for A****F  Focus on achievement of targets, concentrating on achieving sales and investment.  Generates leads and meetings from active target lists using relevant communication with key prospects.  To analyse client needs for the Business Coaching for Growth service  Provide regular performance updates to the Business Coaching for Growth Area Director  Advise clients on strategy and steps to become more effective and manage growth  Ensures client satisfaction by maintaining regular contact with clients  To be part of the A****F coaching pool and deliver specialist support to identified client companies. Therefore we are looking for a Business expert with experience of managing teams and advising on a range of business issues associated with periods of high growth and helping companies raise funding, someone who has a proven track record in a target orientated environment with excellent communication and influencing skills and you will ideally be degree level educated in business education, or degree level qualification with a management body or the relevant business experience to match those. The ideal candidate will have a corporate finance background dealing with equity investment targets and access to finance. We are passionate about getting the right people to join our business and want you to share the same passion. All the best with your application