Title: Sales Professionals / Sales Executives / Sales Consultants
Webindex: 68683571
Company: PAID   Part of Credit Protection Association
Description: Sales Professionals / Sales Executives / Sales Consultants Slow payers monopolise profits and starve creditors of muchneeded cash. They also increase the risk of bad debt writeoffs. The survival of many businesses will necessitate more reliable credit information, more tightly managed cashflow and a more prudent approach to protecting their sales ledgers which, for many businesses, typically represents around 40% of their asset bases. The PAID tried and tested system provides all the three essential elements for an effective Total Credit Management approach – we have been in business since **** so we know a thing or two about credit management. The current economic climate means that many customers simply cannot pay their bills, and this puts enormous pressure on many businesses. UK companies need to ensure that they can ride any recession and stay in business. To satisfy this demand we need Sales Professionals of the utmost integrity who possess an exceptional work ethic Certainly previous field sales / direct sales experience or a broad business background is an advantage. Maybe as a Business Development Manager, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Field Sales Representative, Sales Executive, Consultant, Business Manager or similar. However, as training is provided, trainee applicants who can demonstrate a winning attitude will also be considered. After indepth sales and product training, you will work fulltime, by fixed appointment, during weekday office hours only, on your own exclusive LOCAL sales territory selling to managing directors and business owners. You will be toughminded yet charismatic, enthusiastic and prepared to learn fast. So, if you are a selfmotivated professional who can negotiate at director level, please send your cv with covering letter by clicking the 'apply for this job' button below. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesProfessionalsSalesExecutivesSalesConsultants_job****