Title: Supply Chain Risk Manager Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 66918090
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Supply Chain Governance Principle **** Ltd  **** Ltd Scotstoun Initial 6 Month Contract with the view to extend. Purpose of role: Give a Supply Chain department visibility to supply chain risk exposure and status, so that the team can effectively deliver predictable revenue by managing the company's risk profile. Provide visibility and control over the multitude on internal and external supply chain risks, like but not limited to financial, operational, IT, regulatory and reputational risks. Systematically identify measure, prioritise and respond to all supply chain risk and then manage exposures accordingly Top 5 Major Tasks and Activities: Risk Analysis and Risk SelfAssessment: Audit, document and evaluate risk for entire supply chain processes, including: key process, risks, events, key risk indicators; Control Design and Assessments: Define controls to mitigate supply chain risks Loss Track and Key Risk Indicators: Track loss incidents and near misses, record amounts and determine root causes and ownership; Issue Management and Remediation: Manage issues arising out of supplier assessment, audits and loss events and enable systematic investigation plan for issue remediation and risk treatment. Risk Scorecards and Dashboard Reports: Provide visibility into the risk analysis, key risk metrics and risk heatmaps to proactively identify areas in supply chains which need attention Key Outputs/Deliverables: Business Unit Definition of scope of processes and subprocesses for risk management; Risk calculators and risk heatmaps for risk analysis, evaluation and monitoring; Communication of regularity notifications and industry alerts  process impacts; Delivery of Risk scorecards and Dashboard reports; Delivery of financial, process and regulatory audit requirements; Governance training programmes; Development and delivery of a supply chain escalation process. Maintain knowledge and keep abreast of governance/compliance/risk initiatives/updates/developments. To learn more, please call Aishah or email now. With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work.