Title: Customer Account Manager  Ferndown
Webindex: 68708054
Company: Nationwide
Description: Introduction We give you a brighter future, you give our customers a warmer welcome. Basic salary **** to **** (depending on experience), plus benefits and uncapped bonus potential. On target bonus **** This inbranch role is at the sharpend of relationship building. It's all about taking time to understand each customer's individual needs and helping them to make the right choices from our excellent range of products. Succeed and you'll not only help them build a great financial future. You'll also build a great future for yourself. A more challenging role Every day is different at Nationwide. Every customer is different too, which is why it's such an exciting and rewarding place to work. Whether you're welcoming and servicing our customers, following up leads or providing information on our impressive portfolio of products, you'll deliver an outstanding customer experience every step of the way. Our customers won't be the only ones who benefit from your knowledge and expertise. Other team members will look to you for advice and guidance too. And because our package includes a generous bonus scheme that rewards the individual, as well as the team performance, you'll get the recognition you deserve as well. A more talented person Confident, with plenty of drive and sales flair, you'll work with some of the best products in the industry. It requires a genuine interest in people and the ability to quickly build rapport with them. Financial services experience is by no means essential. You could just as easily have developed your sales and customer service skills in another area of retail. Whatever your background, we'll give you all the training you need to succeed. Add a talent for teamwork and we'll teach you the rest. Not to mention provide you with exceptional training and excellent prospects. An employer you're proud of Our mutual status means we're here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it's made us the world's largest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We're always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That's why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it's only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we'll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance and bonus scheme. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerAccountManagerFerndown_job****