Title: Business Process Improvement Lead  Edinburgh or London
Webindex: 69805559
Company: RBS
Description: We’re looking for a Business Process Improvement Lead to help build a new team of internal consultants, driving the development and implementation of strategic improvement and efficiency programmes within our Business Commercial (B C) function, in the Corporate Banking division at The Royal Bank of Scotland Group. This role can either be based in Edinburgh or London. UK Corporate Banking serves UK corporate and commercial customers from SMEs to UK based multinationals, providing them with everyday banking, innovative products and services, and specialist help. We work together with our customers to achieve their financial goals with local and sector expertise and access to the right products across the UK. By applying our product capabilities and intellectual capital, we have built strong relationships with many leading businesses and institutions. The Lean programme plays a vital role in helping drive our strategy to rebuild the RBS Group to a position of standalone strength. Lean is transforming the Group's endtoend processes and supporting infrastructure, simplifying them and ensuring consistency across the Group. Through the application of Lean principles, we will deliver a deep and lasting change, truly focused on our customers' needs. As a Business Process Improvement Lead, you'll work with the senior leadership team to engage and understand their business drivers / issues and then design, develop, plan and lead a programme of improvement solutions / approaches, for example; Lean Six Sigma, RBS 5lens Lean and Kaizen. Additionally, you'll provide leadership, coaching, direction and line management to a team of up to six Business Improvement Managers and Business Improvement Specialists, as well as matrix management of multiple seconded SME’s to deliver declared objectives. Our internal and external customers are based throughout the UK so this role will usually require you to work away from your base location for up to four days per week. To be successful as a Business Process Improvement Lead, you'd need to be certified as a Lean Six Sigma Master Black, or as a minimum a Black Belt with extensive implementation experience. You'll also need to have demonstrable Lean Sigma / Six Sigma delivery experience, ideally from within a financial services, manufacturing or transactional based industry. Naturally, you'll have excellent facilitation and data analysis skills with the ability to drive and motivate teams, including stakeholders, SME’s and Business Managers where you’re able to inform, influence and persuade at a senior level. In return, we offer an excellent employee salary and 30% cash and benefit funding programme which can be tailored to suit your individual needs. In addition to financial benefits, we offer a wide selection of exclusive lifestyle offers, development and learning programmes, services and support designed to help you manage and balance your own worklife priorities. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken. If you'd like to discuss this role in confidence please contact David Liddell on **** **** **** Did you know that RBS has won a number of awards as a top employer in the UK in 2012? Best Business Awards 'Best Employer', Business In The Community Top 10 'Ethnic Equality’ ‘Gender’, Working Families 'Top 10 Employer', Workingmums.co.uk Top Employer 'Employee Engagement’, The Times Top 50 ‘Where Women Want to Work’, The Times Top 100 'Graduate Employers’, and The Sunday Times 100 ‘Best Companies to Work For’. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessProcessImprovementLeadEdinburghorLondon_job****