Title: Senior Middle Office/Product Controller  Systematic Hedge Fund
Webindex: 71830153
Company: Huxley Associates
Description: My client is a global multistrategy hedge fund with more than **** employees worldwide. They are looking to hire someone to take ownership of their middle office processes in London. You will be responsible for monitoring the intraday pricing activity of all fixed income instruments including interest rate, FX and commodity products (both cash and derivatives), though some knowledge of credit products would be highly advantageous. Principal Responsibilities: Pricing responsible for monitoring the intraday pricing activity of all fixed income instruments within the firm. In conjunction with risk and fixed income technology, establish procedures and methods for the pricing of instruments within the firm for both realtime and end of day. Responsible for publishing and signing off on the firms official end of day marks per instrument. Trade capture responsible for ensuring that all trade are being captured in the firms system on a trade date basis. This includes ensuring that all electronic executions are flowing into the portfolio managers systems/account correctly as well as the focus on manually booked traders, ensuring that all pertinent information is captured correctly and trades are booked and confirmed on trade date. With respect to new securities, the department will be responsible for ensuring that all other departments have signed off on the instrument before the trade can be executed. They will also be responsible for the setup of the instrument and ensuring that the appropriate pricing methodology is being employed. The department will be responsible for signing off at the end of the day that all trades have been captured and passed to the back office for processing. Trade Date Reconciliation and PNL Monitoring responsible for intraday reconciliation of positions and pnl monitoring. The primary focus is to ensure the firms end of day positions reflect accurately the firms risk. The focus is on interacting with the traders to ensure that the pnl and positions within their portfolios accurately reflect what they think it should look like intraday. There should be no discrepancies between the portfolio managers and the firms positions at the end of the day. Primary Interface the middle office function will be the primary interface for the Fixed Income portfolio managers. As a single place that the portfolio managers can go to resolve pricing, position, technology, risk and security related issues. The Middle Office will coordinate with the various departments to resolve all issues for the portfolio managers and coordinate the resolution of those issues. PNL Explanation a long term objective is for the Middle Office function to provide Trade Date and Trade Date**** PNL explain functionality to both senior management and the portfolio managers. Qualifications/Skills Required:  35 years experience  Strong Excel and SQL skills  Knowledge of Bloomberg and Reuters is required  Knowledge of Murex is a plus  Detail oriented; Demonstrates thoroughness and strong ownership of work  Good team player with a strong willingness to participate and help others  Able to prioritise in a fast moving, high pressure, constantly changing environment; Good sense of urgency  Strong communication skills  Quick learner This is a fantastic opportunity for an individual looking to work in a varied role at a successful hedge fund renowned for its cutting edge approach to Finance. Working on a number of different projects you can make an instant impact as the sole middle offfice analyst in London. Furthermore, my client offers exceptional benefits and a highly competitive compensation package. If you are keen on this opportunity, please respond to this advert with an up to date copy of your CV. Alternatively should you have any further questions please feel free to call me on **** To find out more about Huxley Associates please visit www.huxley.com