Title: Senior Compliance Analyst
Webindex: 65195773
Company: JOBG8
Description: Senior Compliance Analyst  London based  Outstanding benefits A truly global investment management company based in smart London offices are looking for a Senior Compliance Analyst to support with UK, European and Middle Eastern regulatory compliance requirements. This is a 'Big Role' one where you can make a real difference to the group as a whole on European Union and International compliance matters. You will be will be responsible for liaising with Distribution teams as well as the various support teams (product, marketing, legal, compliance, operations and finance) on compliance issues. Main Roles and Responsibilities:  Provides generalist compliance support  Ensure the efficient marketing review process is completed in a timely manner  To provide advice on all relevant regulatory matters and of Financial Promotions  To provide advice on all relevant regulatory matters across all areas of UK and European Distribution and work closely with Marketing and Sales on any compliance issues that may arise.  Assist reviews and provides analyses on investment management risk in relation to UCITS IV requirements  Communicates potential compliance risks and issues to management and recommends corrective actions  Reviews and monitors fund and client account activity to detect any potential compliance problems.  Review Anti Money Laundering requirements as required Qualifications and Skills:  Strong generalist knowledge across all areas of compliance  financial promotions, Distribution arrangements, operational risk, AML, policy and regulations, investment monitoring.  Experience in the mutual fund/asset management/financial services industry (a must)  Strong working knowledge of FSA and DFSA or other major asset management regulatory regimes.  Knowledge of UCITS, MiFID, cross border fund distribution/marketing, AML or their equivalent in another major jurisdiction  Strong knowledge of applicable UK and European regulations  Ability to work with little supervision  Strong verbal and written communication skills  Language skills an advantage  Advanced computer skills, including Microsoft Word and Excel If you are ready to step up, put your experience to the test and make your mark then we would be pleased to hear from you. In return you will be working for a company famed for a unique culture and relationship with its staff. TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.