Title: Accounting Manager  VAT & TAX returns, Reconciliation  Hampshire
Webindex: 69590455
Company: DataSource Computer Employment
Description: Accounting Manager, VAT TAX returns, Reconciliation  Hampshire We currently have a new permanent requirement for an Accounting Manager . The role is based in Hampshire and offers an excellent salary of up to up to **** GBP. For this role candidates must be willing/eligible to undergo the SC Clearance process. Job Description The Accounting Manager, reporting to the Finance Business Operations Senior Manager, will be responsible for a range of accounting, tax, audits and services tasks. This role will include being the company's expert point of contact in all aspects of financial accounting. Demonstrating a high level of professionalism, accountability, responsibility and attention to detail the ideal candidate will have a proven record of timely, accurate and complete submissions to statutory authorities and other internal and external governance bodies. Leading a team of 3 finance professionals the Accounting Manager's responsibilities will include: Statutory accounting returns Corporation Tax returns VAT returns Balance Sheet management and reconciliation Trial balance and monthly reporting Internal and external audit Internal controls and compliance (SOX) audit Reconciliation of US to UK GAAP Travel, expense and misc procurement cards and accounting Accounts payable/receivable Insurance and other quarterly/annual returns Skills and Experience Required Skills Strong background in general accounting and financial planning/management. Hold a professional accounting qualification. Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel, experienced in MS Office. Good analytical skills. Track record of successful performance in relevant assignments Pricing of proposals for new business Establishing, reporting and driving improvement in EACs and the financial performance of contracts. Set up of contract codes, and WBS structures. Invoicing. Contract close outs upon completion. Raising/approving Journals. Cash and balance sheet forecasting and management. Programme reporting in accordance with established business rhythms  weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual. Desired Skills Pricing experience. Knowledge of Programme Finance and/or Programme Control. Mentoring and training skills/experience (essentially in support of Projects and Financial Team continued skillset improvement). Experience (2 Years ) of a recognised suite of financial tools. Typical Minimum Education Experience: Ideally require a Bachelors degree from an accredited college. Will also consider individuals with equivalent experience/combined education. Considered career or journey level. Benefits include Working permanently for this company entitles you to a number of good benefits Good pension scheme Private medical health insurance 25 days holiday (with the option to buy more) Sickness and accident plan and life assurance RECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we'd like to recognise your recommendations with a 'thank you' of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you **** You will be required to hold a minimum of SC security clearance. If you do not hold an active SC or DV clearance please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying by referring to our website. Please forward your CV to apply by email to discuss this role further. We would be delighted to hear from you (c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2011.