Title: Global Tax Analyst
Webindex: 71675142
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: This is a fantastic opportunity to join a P.E. backed, rapidly growing business as a Global Tax Analyst. The role has arisen due to exponential growth and you will be joining to aid the global business to become as tax efficient as possible. As such your role will consist of mostly advisory responsibilities to ensure an optimised global tax position both from a P L and Cash Flow perspective. You will also have the opportunity to get involved in transfer pricing matters, and assisting and advising the wider finance function on tax matters. In essence your role will involve analyzing the data and advising the wider business with tax efficiency as the ultimate goal. We are looking for an ACA/CA/CTA qualified candidate who is looking for a role in industry. If you are coming straight from practice you must have a good grounding and experience in UK advisory work on the corporate side, and similar experience on the personal side is also useful. Applications from candidates in industry with previous experience in these areas are also welcomed. The key is personality and aspirations; they really need someone who has attention to detail and enjoys to get immersed in the data but is also able to relay that information to wider business whether that be the finance function or nonfinance business lines. My client is really looking for the highest calibre in the market that offers potential for the future wh A P.E backed MultiNational Business that is growing exponentially. **** to ****  benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GlobalTaxAnalyst_job****