Title: Front Office Recruiter
Webindex: 68677098
Company: Hays
Description: The role will primarily be to manage the Recruitment process  ensuring that vacancies within the Bank are filled promptly and with suitable candidates. Taking responsibility for ensuring that the Bank's methods of attracting, selecting and recruiting candidates remain competitive. The successful candidate will have prior recruitment experience within banking including interviewing and direct sourcing. Duties will include: To assist through close liaison with the Business Partners and Recruitment Coordinator, the operational requirement to fill vacancies with suitable candidates across all areas of the Bank at all levels. To manage the entire recruitment process to include: conducting competency based interviews, making a selection on candidates, managing offers and on boarding. Train and coach Line Managers in recruitment methods, through both onetoone coaching and general guidance. Manage relationships with Recruitment Agents and Search firms. Work Experience Required Previous experience of managing Recruitment at all levels, including Senior Management to have included Front Office. Must be competent at interviewing. Previous recruitment experience in a Bank or similar Financial Institution. excellent working knowledge of Employment Law pertaining to Recruitment. Sound working knowledge of HR databases. Personal Traits Ability to work on own and prioritise without direction Flexible, positive, patient and tenacious attitude Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), with the ability to build credible relationships quickly at all levels Accurate with excellent attention to detail Able to initiate action and influence others. Essential: Experience of Front Office recruitment within Financial Services. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrontOfficeRecruiter_job****