Title: Norwegian E commerce Payment Support in Belfast
Webindex: 72411456
Company: mgi recruitment
Description: The Client is a recognized leader in providing platforms, people and services to support highvalue interactions at every stage of the customer lifecycle. Our culture is reflected in our people and their attitude to build the skills required for the job. Our people are challenged to exceed the parameters of their day to day job by helping us and our clients exceed customer expectations. Our dress code is relaxed and we value the respect of others. Position: • High level of professionalism and customer service skills • Responsible for resolving customer queries via email and telephone. • Maintain and promote a positive attitude whilst meeting productivity goals. Requirement: • Fluency in written and spoken English & either Danish/Norwegian/Swedish/Dutch • Customer Focus  612 months excellent customer service experience or one of the following areas:, Fraud Investigation, Card Issuing and or merchant acquiring Credit Card, Transaction Processing, GL Reconciliation, Account Processing, Chargeback Processing, Debit Card Reconciliation, Account Processing, Chargeback Processing, Debit Card, ACH • Specialist Expertise  Proficiency with MS Office, Internet, strong working knowledge of PC based internet and software applications. The ability to learn and adapt to new software technologies. • Responsibility for Results  Ability to work in a customer focused, targetdriven environment and experience in communication with external customers (email & phone) • Working with others  Demonstrates experience of working in a team based environment supporting the team in achieving the highest quality standards and takes an active role in generating team morale Proven problem solving skills and experience in delivering practical solutions. • Effective Communication  Conveys information concisely and effectively. Excellent communication skills both verbal and written. • Problem Solving  Demonstrated initiative and a well developed sense of urgency and follow through. • Planning & Organising  Ability to multitask, plan and organize. • Must have passed probation in current role. If you feel that you are suitable for this job position, please send your CV to my email: marcdmgirecruitment.com or contact me for further details for this position on: **** Alternatively if this isn't the job for you check out our website for more available positions at http://mgirecruitment.com or try our facebook page http://www.facebook.com/mgirecruitment Best of luck and hope to hear from you soon