Title: Sales Support Coordinator (Financial Services)
Webindex: 69574388
Company: The Oakland Partnership Limited
Description: Sales Support Coordinator (Financial Services) South West London To **** plus bonus and benefits Our client is a specialist provider of financing facilities to Blue Chip companies. They are the Leasing and Asset Finance subsidiary of a major banking and financial services group and currently have an opportunity for a bright, articulate, ambitious and well educated administrator to join them to support the day to day new business and customer services requirements. The role is to be based at their offices in South West London, which are well serviced by rail, underground and bus. You will be working autonomously as part of a small team where your responsibilities will be very varied and will include providing assistance in the production of financial lease documentation, ensuring all transactions are accurate and complete, creating contract proposals and maintaining the database and assisting with customer billing. You will also be a point of contact for customers on the telephone in support of external sales and will work closely with the accounts team to ensure all invoices are validated and paid promptly. The position will also offer the occasional opportunity to travel to another divisional office, for which your expenses will be paid. Initially, this will be for training purposes and subsequently be for ongoing liaison with remotely based counterparts. When applying for this position you should be able to spend one or two days a month staying away from home. The position offers an excellent opportunity for career progression and would suit a confident, mature, articulate and customer service minded individual, who has an eye for detail and communicates well with customers and colleagues. It is also essential that you have good numeracy skills. To be considered for this role it is essential that you have experience gained within the UK Banking or Financial Services Industry. Experience from the Leasing industry would be advantageous.