Title: Operations Finance Business Partner
Webindex: 68676378
Company: Norbert Dentressangle
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen within Norbert Dentressangle Transport Services for a Network Finance Business Partner to cover the North of England. The purpose of the role is to provide financial support to the network operations. Key elements of the role is to ensure financial planning, financial controls and results monitoring is fully embedded in the organisation. This role will be field based with a main location of either Manchester or Nottingham. Norbert Dentressangle is a success story. We owe this, above all, to the excellence of our employees. Ever since it was first established, our company has enabled all those wishing to evolve professionally to express their talents, innovate and grow as people. This also helps our organisation to develop. Norbert Dentressangle enables everyone to plan their own career and realise their current and future ambitions within the company. Main accountabilities to include but not be limited to: Support the Central Financial Accounting teams to manage the preparation of weekly / monthly reporting of accounts ensuring: Accuracy, Timeliness and Relevance Work closely with the RGM and Financial Planning and Reporting Controller in order to develop and improve current reporting procedures both financial and KPIs Improve credibility and understanding of site performance on a weekly and monthly basis Attendance at monthly/weekly review of Depot results Produce monthly performance presentations for the results reviews Involved in any tactical new business/re tenders Drafting Capital investment proposals Budget/ forecast preparation with site managers for review Attendance at all Site meetings as required to support the region Understanding the Interdepot model and site impact, effectively communicating this to the operations to aid correct decision making Support a continuous improvement methodology to ensure cost efficiencies are continuously identified and to ensure the cost profile provides the required profit for the region, particularly supporting initiatives to deliver more variable cost structures Ensure sites comply with all financial processes and procedures as determined by the company Coach, support and encourage the learning and development of staff within the sites as required regarding financial awareness Support all relevant systems Implementation The successful candidate will have: Previous experience in a similar role Fully qualified accountant ACCA, ACMA, ACA Excellent and proven communication skills with the ability to interpret financial data to Operations Sound decision making and business partnering. Excellent attention to detail Ability to coach / develop staff Norbert Dentressangle is an international player in Logistics, Transport and Freight Forwarding, with **** employees operating across 500 sites in 20 countries. We have a compelling vision for the future and need exceptional talent to achieve this  which is where you come in This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OperationsFinanceBusinessPartner_job****