Title: Client Relationship Manager  Croydon Surrey
Webindex: 66699561
Company: Priority Travel Group
Description: The Priority Travel Group is the owner of a number of global travel and lifestyle companies primarily marketed direct to consumers as subscription clubs and in the B2B market sold wholesale mainly in the Bank and Credit Card sectors. The key brands are Priority Pass, LOUNGE CLUB , Lounge Access along with other brands. Additionally, we are active in developing new products and services both to enhance the main brands and to take to market in their own right. About the Role We are currently looking for a number of Account Managers to build, develop and maintain the relationship with our B2B financial services clients on a regional and global level. We have a number of Account Management roles available covering commercial and business development through to more operational activity. As the clients main contact, you will be responsible for all operational aspects of account management including data analysis, reporting, billing, process mapping and producing executive summaries. You will also be responsible for the retention and growth of these accounts through regular client contact, to include face to face meetings, email and telephone. About You You will have experience of and understand the complexities of managing large, multinational, blue chip organisations and have exceptional stakeholder management and negotiation skills. More than that, you will be a real people person and able to influence both internally and externally in order to ensure you deliver an exceptional service to our clients. Knowledge, skills and experienceStrong operational account management experience.Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to deliver presentations to senior level contacts.Strong commercial awareness and solid understanding of competitive environments.Experienced in developing relationships with customers to ensure their needs are fully understood and the relevant bespoke services are offered and presented in a compelling way.Experienced in contractual negotiations across countries within EMEA region.Expert in building relationships with senior staff and directors in blue chip organisations.High level of numeracy, computer literacy (MS Office) and Salesforce or similar sales management software.Highly organised and selfdisciplined approach to working.Ability to work on own initiative or as part of a team.Fluent in English. DESIRABLE:Fluent in a European Language Experience in one or more of the following sectors:Credit card enhancementLoyalty Programme Enhancements