Title: Management Accountant with SAP International Business
Webindex: 68996492
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: Highly commercial, qualified (ACCA / CIMA) Management Accountant is required immediately to join a busy, successful international business based in Surrey. Candidates should be switched on, self motivated and highly IT literate with strong SAP and Excel skills. About you Qualified ACCA/ CIMA Management Accountant is required to join a large, international, blue chip business. Candidates should have a strong management accounting and analysis experience gained within a large, international blue chip business. The role requires someone with strong systems skills including experience of SAP and a high level of Excel. Experience of HFM would be highly regarded. You should be self motivated and happy to undertake a busy, hands on position without extensive supervision. You should have confident communication skills and be happy liaising with various internal stakeholders as needed. You will be immediately available to start your next position. About the role This is an immediate requirement for a highly commercial, experienced Management Accountant to join an exciting, busy, international blue chip business on an interim basis. The role requires analysis, reporting and strong communication skills with a focus on deadlines and accuracy. The job will start in January 2013. The role will join a busy team and will involve:  Responsibility for producing and maintaining the management accounts  Month end, budgeting, forecasting and analysis  Collating data to be used for quarterly forecasting and annual budget purposes  Extensive liaison with internal parties  Providing monthly and quarterly updates to internal accounting functions  Compiling monthly management reports and interrogating these in order to assist the manager in reviewing income statement performance and balance sheet movements  Producing quarterly board reports  Monthly balance sheet reconciliations The job will interview and start quickly. Things you should know  Temporary job vacancy  Candidates must be available to start a new job immediately  Candidates must be fully qualified and have previous experience of SAP Commutable from Aldershot, Alton, Ascot, Bagshot, Basingstoke, Bordon, Camberley, Chertsey, Cobham, Epsom, Esher, Farnborough, Farnham, Fleet, Frimley, Godalming, Guildford, Hook, Lightwater, Walton, West Byfleet, Weybridge, Woking, Yateley Howett Thorpe recruit for roles within accounts payable, credit control, payroll also covering accounts assistants, audit, management accounts, financial accounts, analysts, financial controllers, financial directors, corporate finance, tax including all part qualified and qualified vacancies. Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)