Title: Credit Control Team Senior
Webindex: 68679139
Company: Debt & Credit Solutions Ltd
Description: Excellent opportunity to join an established and stable company based in Northampton. My client is seeking a Credit Control Team Senior. The successful candidate will have management experience within a Collections environment, be a strong communicator and be capable of obtaining the best results from their team. You will have strong people skills along with the ability to mentor and lead. Main duties and responsibilities.  Deliver departmental and team objectives by effective team management.  Monthly performance reviews. Regular quality checks on team members’ work, followed up with coaching and feedback to continuously improve quality and performance. Setting objectives and communicate them to the team to ensure team and department KPIs are met. Regular team meetings, ensuring that agreed actions are completed within fixed timescales. Monitoring daily progress against targets with an action plan for proposed resolution when targets are not being achieved. Monitor team and departmental processes and procedures, reviewing changes and making recommendations for improvements. Involvement in recruitment of new team members when required. Responsible for resolution of escalated issues through customer contact. Complaint management, ensuring complaints are responded to professionally and within agreed timescales. Project work. Act as Senior Advisor and process expert for the team and share technical knowledge through structured and informal methods. Review call monitoring reports, identify trends and make appropriate recommendations. Person specification.  Experience of managing and motivating a team.  Ability to fully integrate with, motivate and manage staff. This role involves mentoring and development of a small team.  Experience of setting targets and measuring performance within a target driven customerfocussed environment.  Confident communicator at all levels.  Ability to communicate with team in a clear and easily understandable style.  Ability to translate customer requirements into working procedures.  Potential to assess the results of training and report on its effectiveness.  Ability to work calmly and effectively whilst working to deadlines.  Actively request, and respond positively to, feedback and take an active interest in personal development.  Sound knowledge of all Office programmes.  At least two years’ experience within a telephone collections environment, ideally debt recovery for SME or consumer collections.  ICM or CSA qualification or accreditation is preferred.  Understanding of legislation, regulation and best practice within collections environment.  Experience of call coaching collection employees using an automated dialler manual dialling.  Proactive and innovative approach.  Ability to make timely and rational decisions based on relevant information and experience.  Demonstrate a constructive and collaborative relationship with colleagues; readily sharing information and knowledge when appropriate.  Flexible approach to working and the ability to cope with frequently changing environments.  Strong time management skills. Working hours: 37.5 hours per week, flexible within 8am 9pm Monday to Friday, 8am1pm Saturdays. One late night per week. NB: We are unable to respond to applicants who are unsuccessful in our screening process. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CreditControlTeamSenior_job****