Title: Financial Accountant / Commercial Finance Manager  Real Estate
Webindex: 67098177
Company: Trident
Description: Financial Accountant / Commercial Finance Manager – Real Estate – Our Client – Is a highly successful and fast expanding niche property investor, developer and asset manager who have created a new requirement for a commercial Finance Manager / Management Accountant with the key objectives of the incumbent being to operate the core financial systems for the group of companies, responsibility for the delivery of timely and accurate management reporting, compliance with funding obligations, equity and debt draw downs, as well supporting the Financial Controller with regular and adhoc reporting and tasks. The Role  Core responsibilities will be:  The maintenance, integrity and development of the investment cash flow model and forecasting.  Perform scenario planning and stress testing, including understanding all inputs and provide advice on risk.  Provide financial analysis and development of financial models to support business and investor reporting requirements.  Undertake analysis to understand and drive financial performance improvement.  Liaise directly and develop relationships with funding banks in order to communicate scheme details accurately.  Responsible for preparing funding information, facility monitoring and reviewing legal documentation.  Assisting with the implementing external financing and hedging, including refinancing of development facilities.  Responsible for monitoring drawdowns during the utilisation period for development and investment activity.  Monitoring and reporting financial covenant, performing the treasury function across the structures and liaising with banks.  Working capital management, including short term funding requirements, capital calls, draw downs, distributions, payment approvals and maintaining banking mandates.  Provide timely and accurate management information and investor reporting, including compliance with reporting timetable.  Ensure that cash flow forecast is updated promptly each month and prepare variance analysis and commentary. Ensure actions are taken to maximise cash flows.  Responsible for the reconciliation of development appraisal models and balance sheet.  Assisting with transactional related work, including acquisition and disposals. The Person: You will hold a recognised UK accountancy qualification and possess strong analytical and Excel skills with financial modelling and cashflow experience within a Property environment (ideally international). You will also have an eye for detail and possess the ability to organise, manage and prioritise tasks and time efficiently and have a ‘can do’ and ‘hands on’ approach. Please visit our website (www.tridentint.com ) to view all our vacancies. Follow us on Twitter at (www.twitter.com/Tridentint) or connect with us on LinkedIn at (www.linkedin.com/company/tridentinternationalassociates?trkhb_tab_compy_id_****) or like us on Facebook (www.facebook.com/pages/TridentInternationalAssociates/ [contact details removed] Please note that due to volume we cannot get back to everyone, however every application is looked at and considered and will be held on Trident International’s database for review. If you have not heard back from us within **** working days you should assume your initial application has been unsuccessful, however if suitable roles arise in the future we will make every effort to contact you. m