Title: Claims Assessor
Webindex: 67639756
Company: Focus Select
Description: This is an excellent opportunity to work as a Claims Assessor for an insurance company located within East Sussex. Your duties and responsibilities will include: Responsible for assessing and settling high volume individual and group technical claims from beginning to end within agreed authority and service levels Such claims will arise from accident, life, income protection, and critical illness, insurance products You will be responsible for Identifying and investigating potential nondisclosure and fraudulent claims Liaising with underwriters and external service providers to ensure all information is obtained to assist in the assessment and management of claims. Ensure all complaints are dealt with in accordance with all compliance, FSA, TCF and legal requirements. Liaising with compliance, marketing and sales departments when necessary. Maintaining a good working relationship with Reinsurers in order to maximise recovery from reinsurance contracts. Providing support and assistance to other claims offices throughout the region. Preparation and distribution of Management Information and other reports on a regular and timely basis. Responsible for reviewing and maintaining all claims procedures, manuals and systems. Participation on project work as and when required. Skills and competencies required: Experience needed in managing customer relationships on Group scheme Confidence in communicating claim decisions via the telephone and in writing Able to apply empathy and understanding as well as being resilient Demonstrates a sense of urgency to achieve results and expresses thoughts and ideas clearly. Possess a thorough understanding of the concepts of insurance and policy wordings Ability to work efficiently with excellent attention to detail Highly numerate, methodical and analytical Ability to investigate problems and resolve them quickly and accurately Good team player, with the ability to work on own initiative Accurate and able to demonstrate a high level of organisation Works well under pressure and to tight deadlines Ability to multitask and prioritise workload and achieve deliverables Selfmotivated, enthusiastic with a can do attitude Adaptable, with a willingness to learn, and think outside the box A thorough understanding of Microsoft Packages including Word, Access, Excel and Outlook. Candidates must have an understanding of how formulas work in Excel and be able to create a spreadsheetBackground Candidates MUST have considerable experience and exposure in handling group/individual claims, including income protection, critical illness, accident GCSE calibre C grade and above in Math s and English or equivalent, although A Level / Degree calibre or equivalent preferred. Studying towards insurance qualifications or equivalent very advantageous