Title: AVP Product Control
Webindex: 67098193
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: Our client, a leading Bank, is currently seeking a qualified accountant to join their Treasury Control team. This high profile role sits within an expanding and relatively new team providing plenty of scope for you to make your mark in the business. The successful applicant will benefit from working in a close knit team, who are dedicated to providing support to deliver goals. Training is available to develop high performing individuals. Your responsibilities will include; Key point of contact for their Front Office desk To grow the business, by assisting in and developing the departments key functions of reporting, to improve efficiency, accuracy, comprehension and review Support, develop and integrate new products into Group reporting and MI suite ensuring any issues are escalated to senior management Retrospective and prospective testing of hedge accounting relationships to ensure compliance with IAS**** Analyse complex debt structures and evaluate for the desk Underpin all Audit and Sox requirements ensuring compliance with all current directives to fulfil the sections obligations Provide support to IT system integration projects, UAT testing etc The successful candidate will ideally be a qualified accountant with experience gained in Product Control. The individual should have money markets product knowledge, excellent understanding of the balance sheet and strong analytical and excel skills. The ability to work and communicate well in a small team is a distinct advantage. AVP Product Control Leading Bank  ****  ****  Bonus  Benefits We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive, if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting [contact details removed] Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against any individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.