Title: Sales Manager Wealth Management
Webindex: 72445695
Company: City placements
Description: Wealth Management Sales Manager: City Placements Ltd has been appointed by a highly respected City of London Advisory and Wealth Management firm, in the search for an experienced and high calibre Wealth Management Sales Manager. Due to strong growth and exceptional growth prospects amongst the professional HNW segment, this rare opportunity is likely to attract experienced, knowledgeable and qualified professionals with a demonstrable track record in UK Financial Services in the post ‘RDR’ world. The client is aware and receptive to applicants outside of the Financial Service arena as the appeal of the role will transcend many sectors. The company holds an Independent status (WMP) and is directly licensed to the FSA, advice driven, office and fee based. You will be fully supported by a team of administrators, paraplanners and subject to strict compliance oversight. First Software (Adviser Office) and a Wrap Platform are used. The Sales Manager will report directly to the Managing Director. Duties, Responsibilities and Requirements: Devise and execute a Business Plan Manage, motivate and oversee a growing team of Financial Planners, Chartered Wealth Managers Deliver on company sale targets, performance and achieving annual revenue, whilst adhering to the company’s business standards and regulatory requirements A key aspect of the role will be to business develop new clients amongst the massive affluent and HNW segment of the wealth pyramid, while growing existing professional connections You must possess the ability to procure and identify new business opportunities You will be required to provide technical oversight and sales guidance Gravitas in dealing with discerning clients Promote and protect the firm brand image Conduct staff appraisals, mentor and coach Management reporting coupled with excellent communication skills (written/oral) Minimum experience 5 years This is a longterm career opportunity on a full time, salaried and employed basis. Candidates applying from within the UK Financial Service sector do not necessarily need to have their own clients. Applicants with an existing and transferable client base will be considered on merit. Those non Financial Service applicants who are interested in working in a challenging, competitive and rewarding environment are urged to apply. There will be no restraints to your personal and professional development, save only in your own ability. Interested candidates should forward their CV without delay to Paul Lawrence at City Placements Ltd at paul.lawrencecityplacements.co.uk or call directly on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerWealthManagement_job****