Title: German speaking Underwriting Account Manager
Webindex: 68679628
Company: Language Matters
Description: A global insurance company is currently looking for a German speaking Underwriting Account Manager to manage an international portfolio and quote prices and terms for international clients whilst monitoring and forecasting scheme performances. The German speaking Underwriting Account Manager has excellent numerical skills and is a competent user of Microsoft Excel as it is required to draft accurate financial reports. The role will entail presenting these insights and structures to senior members of staff. Profile Fluent German and English Solid and proven experience within Commercial Underwriting and/or commercial finance Excellent numerical skills and ideally a degree in numeracy such Mathematics or equivalent Must have the ability to report accurately and think logically Responsible for organising and prioritising your own work so that you meet deadlines whilst providing high quality output. You will need to be a selfstarter who can find a way around problems, build great relationships with key players in other departments and manage competing demands If you thrive on challenge and variety, can deal with pressure, and can work efficiently and accurately with financial data, you will be the ideal candidate. NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. To apply, please send your CV in Word format to Frank Etman, CVs in any other formats will not be accepted. We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanspeakingUnderwritingAccountManager_job****