Title: Senior Research Analyst
Webindex: 64548260
Company: Hi Calibre Personnel Ltd
Description: Senior Research Analyst Salary ********K base depending on exp plus car allowance and bonus To work within the CR team, delivering bespoke research to clients. Driving client value by delivering effectively on daytoday project management, reporting and analysis; working closely with other members of the team, other departments, support functions, suppliers and clients. Primary research experience is essential to be successful in this role. To contribute to the overall achievement of CR financial targets and strategic objectives. Independently lead project management on multiple projects, escalating as appropriate Manage daytoday client contact and requests unaided Negotiate competitive costs and manage third parties to deliver to brief Write questionnaires (with senior support as required) Drive time/cost efficiencies on projects Create project pricing (with support from seniors) Build and maintain positive external supplier relationships Oversee fieldwork Accountable for final quality of inputs (e.g. tables, charting), designing relevant quality checks. Prepare/present key findings (with support from seniors) Follow best practice procedures and recommend improvements Proactively develops own skill set and knowledge Deliver internal training (e.g. on BPPs. operational processes) Provides support to senior team on non project specific tasks (e.g. proposals, internal requests). Lead as appropriate. Help further integrate Consumer Research with the rest of the company. Coach and support junior members of the team Support business development and contribute to proposal writing/ capabilities presentations Demonstrated ability to focus on the implications and actions resulting from research data. Strong interpersonal and presentation skills Strong team working Ability to delegate and brief in tasks effectively Enthusiastic and proactive personality with good problem solving skills Strong time management / project management skills. Proven track record of delivering projects on time and to budget Good understanding of client needs Able to manage and interpret data in light of client business objectives Good analysis skills and insight generation Good grounding in custom research principles, methodologies, statistical techniques Good knowledge of FMCG research and a keen interest in this area Basic business understanding (e.g. comfortable with terminology: revenue, profit, loss, margin) Good PowerPoint and Excel skills Numerate Degree level education Experience of international/multicountry projects and advantage Primary research experience is essential to be successful in this role.