Title: Assistant Lending Manager
Webindex: 72690051
Company: Nationwide
Description: Introduction An exciting opportunity has arisen for an Assistant Lending Managers role in Specialised Support as part of the Debt Restructure and Work Outs North and Midlands team, based in Manchester. The successful candidate will be expected to proactively and efficiently manage the operations of a portfolio of Commercial Property Finance loan facilities, together with providing support to Senior Lending Managers and Lending Managers to deliver the Specialised Support business plan. A more challenging role The Debt Restructure and Work Outs team are primarily responsible for all commercial loans that are in distress and require a restructure or workout solution that stabilises the loan and secures the Society income that reflects the overall risk of the restructure. The successful candidate will need to have excellent written and verbal communication skills, a good understanding of loan documentation, credit experience in Commercial Lending, strong negotiation skills, be able to analyse a wide variety of data effectively, have a pragmatic can do attitude and the ability to deliver within tight timescales.  Assist with the review and evaluation of existing lending through preparation of borrower research, financial modelling, risk rating, credit analysis, loan documentation and report writing.  Provide administrative support and assistance to the Specialised Support team, attend borrower meetings, engage with and instruct professional advisers.  Lead existing less complex transactions manage borrower relationships and undertake all internal and external due diligence and monitoring.  Provide effective risk management control by undertaking annual credit reviews, collection and monitoring of information to confirm covenant compliance and collection and monitoring of arrears.  Develop customer relationships and assist in developing strategies aligned to achieving the Specialised Support business plan and team Key Performance Indicators.  Undertake Divisional project work to improve operational systems.  Deliver up to date and accurate management information to assist in monitoring unit s performance.  Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements by effective management of FSA requirements and Money Laundering legislation.  Undertake negotiations with borrowers to ensure the Society s requirements in respect of Loss Mitigation and Income Generation are achieved.  Ensure priorities are managed so that key objectives are achieved on time.  Excellent interpersonal skills evidencing a track record of building internal and external business stakeholder relationships. A more talented person In addition to being self motivated with a willingness to develop, the following attributes are desirable:  2 years Credit, Lending and sector experience.  Be able to demonstrate experience in preparing credit reports and making suitable recommendations.  Ability to understand Financial Models, Cash flow and Profit and Loss.  Experience in standard loan documentation.  Excellent Negotiation Skills.  An ability to work under pressure in order to meet tight deadlines.  A sound understanding of the wider commercial market, the Regulatory and Legal framework  Portfolio management experience  Understanding of Property Valuation principles, cashflow and lending principles  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Analytical and numerical skills The successful candidate will need to demonstrate a highly motivated and flexible approach with a commitment to delivering fantastic customer service at all times. This is an exciting position offering the successful candidate the opportunity to join an enthusiastic and friendly team in an evolving, vibrant environment with excellent personal development opportunities. We are looking for applicants who are team players with a positive attitude and a commitment to achieving business results. An employer you re proud of Our mutual status means we re here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it s made us the world s biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We re always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That s why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it s only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we ll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme.