Title: Incident Manager
Webindex: 69145246
Company: Recruitment Zone Ltd
Description: My client requires an Incident Manager for a 9 month contract based in Cardiff with a daily rate up to **** The purpose of the role: As part of Credit Cards Back book migration a dedicated experienced Incident Manager is required with both the experience of the Credit Cards Business and Migrations. The successful candidate will be required to Manage the endtoend Incident. To Define and maintain the incident management process and insure that the Credit Cards business are fully engaged. To develop relationships with key stakeholders across the bank with 3rd parties that will facilitate in successful resolution of incidents. In particular working closely with Group IT service delivery. Be responsible for escalating to Business Risk or relationship manager any material events and reporting any potential or actual financial losses whilst having a full awareness of the Conduct Risk appetite. To Manage root cause analysis. To support project warranty period, manage projecttoproduction and advise project team of the incident management process. Credit Card Enquiry Management  Helpdesk type support. Reprint Continuous Improvement Identification. To produce and distribute regular MI, analysing current volumes by severity, age of incident and key issues. Skills and experience required: Strong Analytical Skills  structure approach to problem solving. Change Management. Excellent Organisational skills. Excellent clear Written/Oral Communication. Take ownership for their work  'Can do' attitude. Manages own workload. Must understand the Cards Incident/Problem/Defect management principles, approach, life cycle, deliverables and sign off. Fully competent with systems used to manage and support Incident Management processes. Competent with MS Office applications  Relevant to perform role. This role closes on Tuesday the 22nd of January at 5pm. Please send your CV ASAP Recruitment Zone acting as an employment business in regard to this advert.