Title: Equity Release / Financial Advisors / Mortgage & Estate Planners
Webindex: 69171851
Company: hunt4staff.com
Description:  Equity Release / Financial Advisors / Pensions Advisors / Mortgage Estate Planners – Various locations across the Midlands North of England  Clients Provided Our client is one of the UK’s leading lifestyle specialists and part of the UK’s second largest financial services network. Due to considerable growth (underpinned by excellent business relationships continuously replenishing a large client bank of awaiting appointments) they are seeking to expand their sales team throughout the Midlands North of England. Specialities include equity release, mortgage estate planning, pensions, as well as general financial planning advice. All candidates should be at least part qualified in one of these specialist fields where individuals wish, training on the equity release side is available. Individuals within the following locations are of particular interest: Birmingham, Coventry, Liverpool, Wirral, Chester, Preston, Warrington, Bolton, Manchester, Crewe, Stafford, Blackpool Stokeon –Trent. Working as an Equity Release Specialist / Financial Advisor / Pensions Advisor / Mortgage Estate Planner you will provide excellent levels of advice customer care to a wide range of clients. No previous experience is necessary in Equity Release full training will provided for those who wish to utilise the large client bank available for this service, however, you will need to demonstrate dedication, drive enthusiasm with a willingness to undertake any further training as required for the post. Benefits: NO cold calling – all appointments are prebooked qualified leads this is in addition to your own lead generation. Full administrative back up is provided, with assistance to ensure industry compliance. Extensive training will be given including, where necessary, industry recognised qualifications. For those who wish to branch out, full training on Equity Release is available. This is also available for those who wish to “top up” their main speciality with another income stream. In house referral system Requirements: Previous experience working within the financial services or pensions sector. You must be fully qualified or part qualified (near to completion). Have high levels of selfmotivation and the ability to work on your own initiative. Full driving licence is essential. Salary and Reward Package: Both employed selfemployed contracts are available. It is envisaged that individuals can easily earn a realistic OTE of **** to **** with no upper limits for those who wish to exploit this exciting opportunity. Hunt4Staff is operating as a recruitment advertising partner. As such, every application will be passed directly to our client. As a candidate, you can be confident your application will reach the recruiting decision maker. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EquityReleaseFinancialAdvisorsMortgageEstatePlanners_job****