Title: Mortgage Advisor – CeMap Qualified
Webindex: 71847967
Company: Your Mortgage Decisions
Description: We are a directly authorised, nationwide mortgage brokerage with both the resources and backing to provide exceptional support and qualified appointments to our field force of mortgage brokers. With a strong track record in providing quality advice to our clients we have been able to see a sustained growth through even the most difficult of market conditions. Our team of advisors who work from qualified appointments made on their behalf by the company enjoy first rate back up and support which sees average earnings in excess of **** across the sales force. Due to expansion they we are now seeking to appoint an experienced successful broker in the above area to complement our existing team. This is a self employed role, so experience of working self employed or the mentality to do so is essential. Working from home you will receive **** qualified seen fact finds per week with clients who have been prescreened, including placeability testing to strict criteria to ensure that you have the best possible opportunity of securing business. On average the present team is converting one in 2 first appointments in to a sale. Currently the average advisor is earning in excess of ****pa in their first year with the company. You will receive ongoing training plus development and support coupled with admin back up service which is second to none. In addition you will be provided with a mentor whose role will be to support and guide you through the first few months with the company ensuring that the business you write gets on the books as quickly as possible. Whole of market lending and state of the art point of sales technology will ensure that the OTE of **** is realistic and achievable. To be considered you must hold the Cemap (or equivalent) qualification and have at least 12 months successful mortgage broking experience which you can prove. Experience within a fee charging environment is desirable but not essential however the willingness to learn and take on board new ideas is key. This is a genuine opportunity and to be considered you must have a can do mentality together with a genuine desire to achieve a significant income even in these difficult times. For further details and a confidential discussion about this opportunity please contact us today. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MortgageAdvisorCeMapQualified_job****