Title: Accounts Assistant / Administration Assistant (Part time)
Webindex: 68098704
Company: Easyweb Recruitment
Description: Accounts Assistant / Administration Assistant (Part time) Our client is servicing a client list which includes most of the significant bluechip organisations in the food supply chain, from manufacturing to retail, and including number of related service organisations. It is fast growing, has doubled in size over the last 3 years, and has plans for further expansion. The company provides market intelligence regarding food and nonfood commodities and ingredients to their clients in the UK, Europe and beyond, and is regarded by them as a key strategic partner. Position: Accounts and Administration Assistant Location: High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire Salary: **** pro rata Hours: 20 hours per week across 5 days ROLE: The Accounts Assistant / Administration Assistant will provide accounting support for regular tasks and administrative office support. You'll project a professional company image inperson and during phone communication. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) To process purchase ledger invoices. b) Reconcile expense claims. c) Keep the subscription to data sources database up to date. d) Assist with the sales ledger and credit control. e) Provide general support to the accounts function. f) Assume receptionist duties: greet visitors and refer them to appropriate staff members, answer phone, route calls, and take messages. g) Distribute incoming mail, and prepare and post outgoing mail. h) Order office supplies and monitor inventory. i) Take on responsibility for faxing, photocopying, filing and printing of company collateral. j) Support the Office Manager when required. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Educated to 'A' Level standard with grade 'C' or above in Maths and English at GCSE. b) Previous experience in an accounts administration role and office administration. c) Proficient with Microsoft office  Word, PowerPoint and Excel. d) Attention to detail and a good level of written English are essential. e) This role requires a candidate with good verbal communication skills who can communicate at all levels with a professional telephone manner and when welcoming visitors to the office. f) The ideal candidate will be a good team player and be able to use their initiative, multitask and keep to deadlines. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Knowledge of QuickBooks would be an advantage. You may have experience of the following: Office Junior, Sales Support Administrator, Accounts Assistant, Sales Administration, Purchase Ledger Assistant, Office Manager, Finance Assistant, Bookkeeper, Accounts Payable, Sales Ledger, Receptionist, Personal Assistant, PA, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK's leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsAssistantAdministrationAssistantParttime_job****