Title: Do you have pensions experience?
Webindex: 72242643
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: An experienced Pension Administrator is required to join an expanding team within an international and highly reputable financial services company. The role, based in Dorking, will involve taking ownership, responsibility and accountability for a portfolio of group schemes whilst coordinating the effective processing and calculations of pension policies. Duties will include:  Developing a large network of internal contracts e.g. compliance, technical team  Assist in project work when required whilst challenging procedures and identifying process improvements  Undertake the processing of complex and ad hoc administration tasks including scheme level fund switches and fund closures  Ensuring that all KPI targets for the portfolios are consistently exceeded  Compiling data and creating reports  Ensure customer records are kept up to date and accurate  Overcome dissatisfactions and complaints. Candidate MUST have:  **** GCSE's (or equivalent) grade C or above, including Maths and English  Previous work experience in a similar pension administrator role with a solid knowledge of UK Pensions legislation  Have a full understanding of how retirements, admin and sales impact each other  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Willingness to work towards FA**** or CF**** qualification  Extremely organised and resourceful with strong IT skills  Ability to work to tight deadlines. This is an amazing opportunity for an experienced Pension Administrator to join an innovative and expanding, financial services company based in Dorking. This will be a diverse and challenging role and you will become an integral part of the company's success. As a result, you will be rewarded for your efforts with a performance related bonus and outstanding onsite facilities. The office is based within a **** minute walk of both Deepdene train station and Dorking Main train station. Our Dorking office has an outstanding range of leisure facilities on site including a Club House, bar, squash courts, tennis courts, multipurpose sports hall, football and cricket pitches, croquet lawn, multigym, snooker, nine hole pitch and putt and a small putting green. The sports and social facilities also provide discounts for various local shops and services. The company will also provide you with an excellent benefits package including a very competitive pension scheme and 23 days paid holiday, including bank holidays. Carlisle Managed Solutions is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Doyouhavepensionsexperience_job****