Title: Customer Insight and Value Generation Manager
Webindex: 69996473
Company: Professional Recruitment
Description: Our client, a very well established Financial Services provider is looking to appoint an experienced Customer Insight and Generation Value Manager who will be responsible for leveraging data and insight using advanced analytics to identify opportunities in order to generate profit and increase customer satisfaction. Principle responsibilities will include: Provide detailed insight, analysis and solutions to business questions across all products. Creatively answer as many questions as possible from existing knowledge and internal data sources, taking in to account internal data and budgetary challenges, constraints and limits. Design and develop business monitoring tools that enable, and provide input into the process of, identifying target groups of customers distributors. Responsible for the continuous development of the Customer Value Management insight and value generation capability. Decide the best method of achieving the required business outcome and be able to use a wide range of analytical tools and techniques, including process mapping, reengineering, gap analysis, statistical database analysis. Produce clear and effective documentation of both a detailed and descriptive nature, using graphical and statistical information in an intelligent way to define business cases, feasibility assessments and business studies. Accountable for the proactive leveraging of all forms of data across all channels to generate profit streams and improve customer experience, providing comprehensive analysis that informs strategy. Successful candidates will possess strong analytical and modelling skills and must have proven experience within the Customer Value Management arena. Ideally you will be degree qualified in a scientific field such as physics or mathematics and be used to working with large volumes of data. You will have the ability to identify trends, patterns and errors and have very good attention to detail whilst understanding the business implications of analysis and being comfortable with making recommendations. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerInsightandValueGenerationManager_job****