Title: Head Of IT Development & Applications Support  Banking
Webindex: 68678160
Company: Robert Half Technology
Description: H****>The Company Robert Half Technology is seeking a Head of IT Development Support for a leading UK bank in Peterborough. Having grown strongly over the last 23 years, this represents a real opportunity for a Senior Development Manager to parachute into this newly created role and make a real mark in leading the build out of the systems development and applications support division as the organisations begins to insource applications build support and expand in the new product lines. The Role Reporting to the CIO, the Head of IT Development Support will be accountable for the technical quality of applications design  including data usage  inhouse development and the support and quality management of applications testing, including third party solutions. The Head of Development Support will lead the core analysis function and an expert team of Business Analysts, ensuring that applications meet business requirements. In addition, the role spans leading a team of developers spanning the build of applications for Digital Mobile Banking (including social media), Mortgages, Temenos T**** (banking), CRM, SharePoint and Microsoft Data Warehousing tools. The successful candidate will also manage inhouse development, support, core quality control/QA and test functions. The bank's ultimate aim is to create a centre of excellence that will be admired and respected industrywide and this role will be pivotal in achieving that. The role is challenging and to succeed in it the Head of IT Development will need to have proven endtoend experience of delivering multiple programmes / technology development streams simultaneously. Fully aware of costs and how to manage them efficiently your first class stakeholder management capabilities. The Head of IT Development Support will need to be an inspirational leader, a motivational manager and an insightful talent developer. Resilient under pressure the successful Senior Development Manager will have the confidence to stand his/her ground to suggest alternative solutions as well as being consultative in approach. The bank is a complex business with multiple product line and so the need to bring design flair to translate enterprise architectures into deliverable requirements that can be used and optimised by total solutions across Technology, Operations and wider business areas will be key. The company's core operations span: transaction banking (payments), savings operations, commercial finance, commercial lending, commercial retail mortgages through to treasury, finance and other back office operations. Predominantly a digital mobile player in the retail banking space, the organisation has serous ambitions to expand in multichannel branch banking in future. Experience of as many of these domains as possible within financial services will be essential to translating this into businessaligned solutions for the business. The business has operations distributed around England and will require regular but not onerous travel to other locations to meet with key senior management. Salary Benefits **** ****  car allowance ****  bonus  banking benefits Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadOfITDevelopmentApplicationsSupportBanking_job****