Title: Account Manager (Digital Marketing) Harrogate
Webindex: 72490409
Company: Invigorate Recruitment
Description: Invigorate Recruitment are assisting our local client in their search for an experienced Account Manager to join a marketing organisation. The successful candidate will be responsible for account managing key clients&**** online marketing campaigns and ensuring results are delivered. The ideal candidate will be someone who will integrate seamlessly into the existing team, and &quothit the ground running&quot with a hunger and enthusiasm to develop their skills and experience. The Account Manager Role: Responsibility for proactively managing a portfolio of client&****s online marketing campaigns from a technical perspective with focus on deadlines and results, whilst maintaining a commercial and strategic overview of each campaign. Interpreting and translating clients&**** needs and requirement into creative campaigns designed to deliver results. Developing and managing strong client relationships. Proactively managing clients&39 expectations and promoting a clear communications programme. Preparing meeting presentations/documentation and attending client meetings. Managing resources to ensure all work is completed on time to the required standard. Monitoring campaign performance, analysing/interpreting data, drawing conclusions from findings and making recommendations. Compiling internal and external reports and documentation. Adhering to, and delivering on SLAs and communication plans. Creating troubleshooting action plans and liaising with various internal departments and clients to ensure they are implemented. Adapting campaigns to reflect search engines and algorithms updates and changes as well as to new developments within the online marketing industry. Keeping abreast of the latest thinking and participating the teams R&D. Liaison with the sales account managers to ensure a collaborative and united client management approach. &nbsp Required Skills and Experience: Have proven experience in successfully managing multiple SEO campaigns and achieving results. Have excellent analytical skills, the ability to interpret data and trends along with meticulous attention to detail. Have fantastic communication skills and an ability to create rapport at all levels. Have an ability to write well thoughtout, comprehensive commentary, reports and communication. Be able to facilitate productive, positive client meetings, face to face and on the telephone. Have the ability to think creatively around problems, interpret clients requirements and translate them into an action plans. The gravitas, communication and presentation skills to participate in meetings with attendees in senior company positions. Be organised and methodical with the ability to juggle priorities. Be an advanced user of Excel or other spreadsheet packages. Have a technical understanding of website architecture. Any knowledge of website design/ development and associated languages would be advantageous although not essential. Have some experience n building websites, building link networks or running blogs. Please Apply Now