Title: Loan Sales Advisor
Webindex: 62310354
Description: Loan Sales Advisor pound;**** Basic  pound;**** ****TE Our Client has years of combined experience in the loans and financial solutions market. Having held senior positions within National Loan Brokerages, High Street Banks, nonstandard lending companies and one of the UK's leading debt management companies, they are able to offer guarantor, secured and secured loans to consumers with a broad range of financial circumstances. Currently undergoing exciting growth plans for 2012 there has never been a better time to join them. Our Client is now seeking to appoint an experienced Loan Sales Underwriter / Customer Account Manager The main duties of this role include:  Proactively manage own pipeline and request and chase customers and 3rd parties for missing items through an effective programme of telephone and written communication.  Proactively provide accurate case updates to each customer within agreed SLA's through consistent and accurately updating the Workplace Diary system.  Ensure all cases are fully reviewed and an Underwriting Rationale applied to each application prior to funding.  Accurately underwriting all applications against current lending criteria and processing guides.  Ensure all FSA/CCL authorities are in place and valid at relevant stages in the process.  Ensure all checks are carried out on all cases prior to funding.  Ensure income and outgoings are calculated correctly with 100% accuracy.  Ensure all data protection phone checks are carried out before discussing any application details with the customer / broker.  Provide consistently effective customer service.  Ensure the customers understand all aspect of the procedures. The ideal candidate will be:  Experienced in loan underwriting  Have previously worked in a fast paced telephone based environment  Experienced in MS Excel and Word They offer talented people fantastic opportunities to progress their career. To find out more please apply with your current CV.