Title: Customer Data Manager
Webindex: 68675525
Company: Hudson
Description: My client is currently seeking an experienced and knowledgeable Customer Data Manager to join their growing team in Birmingham. The ideal candidate will have a background in a similar, analytical role ideally from the financial services industry. They will also have worked extensively with SPSS, SAS or SQL previously. ROLE: Responsible for the delivery of all strategic and operational activity that requires resource from the database team. Provision of robust accurate input from our databases to enable analysis, development and strategic planning Responsible for the ongoing development and maintenance of a database marketing infrastructure enabling multichannel customer relationship management. Provide intelligent marketing in terms of data as a result of profiling our customers and applying propensity modelling techniques. Drive ongoing segmentation of our customer base and be an integral part of creating a data driven marketing department ensuring a contact strategy that delivers right message, right time, right channel, throughout the customer lifetime. Deliver a comprehensive and meaningful insight into our customer bases to all parts of the business. Responsible for realigning segment allocation on an annual basis. Monitor the impact of the contact strategy on our customer base and inform the business of trends and future scope. WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR: Excellent communication skills with ability to influence at a high level with internal stakeholders Excellent attention to detail with a data driven, analytical attitude Strong knowledge of databases and software, specifically SPSS/SAS/SQL An organised and flexible approach to work Proven experience in managing database marketing activity plus people management experience Financial services and marketing background both desirable Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerDataManager_job****