Title: Senior Risk Model Development Manager
Webindex: 67768283
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Senior Risk Model Development Manager Location: London Salary: ****  Car, London Allowance, Bonus amp; Benefits A rare opportunity to join a UK Retail Bank as a Senior Manager in their Risk Modelling team Accountabilities  Leading a team of modellers to develop a significant proportion of the models needed for the Stress Testing Engine. This will include: formulation of modelling approach; writing model code (SAS); reviewing, writing amp; presentation of technical documents; interfacing with the model implementation team; accountability for delivery to plan of your workstream.  Support the development, delivery and maintenance of enterprisewide risk models and crossfunctional analytics (e.g. Portfolio models, Stress Testing models, Credit Cycle models).  Provide a centre of excellence in data mining, analytics and advanced model development.  Provide adhoc technical expertise on risk model developments and reviews.  Present risk modelling papers internally to an audience of modellers / analysts. Candidate Profile  Ability to provide technical insight and strategic options to Heads of Model Development, Analytics and R amp;D, and other stakeholders on analytics and advanced modelling techniques  Ability to provide support and advice on the management of analytics and advanced modelling issues  An understanding of industrywide modelling practices and trends  Good stakeholder and relationship management skills  Good oral, written and presentational communication skills (of technical matters) to Senior Management  Educated to degree level in a mathematical discipline and supplemented with a higher degree (e.g. PhD, MSc) or professional qualification  Strong quantitative and risk modelling skills ideally within Financial Services  A working knowledge of risk modelling related regulations.  Knowledge of how risk models fit in with business processes and policies  Highly proficient in statistical tools (SAS, R etc.) and spreadsheets (Excel) and knowledge of programming is desirable. Please send your CV to infoaspiredata.co.uk or call Phillip Hartley on **** **** ****