Title: Financial Controller  ****mth contract (with poss perm)
Webindex: 71393736
Company: MRK Associates Ltd
Description: Based near Enfield, North London, our manufacturing client is looking for a qualified accountant to join them as Financial Controller on a six month contract. Due to a large contract up for retender in October, this position could turn permanent if this contract if renewed. This job would suit an ACA, ACCA or CIMA qualified accountant to be responsible for managing and coordinating the finance operations of the Company. Reporting to the Finance Director, the role will ensure the integrity of financial and legal data, ensure that the Company meets statutory and reporting requirements whilst driving all management reporting and commercial finance for the business. The company is an added value manufacturer using the most technologically advanced methods to ensure minimisation of costs and maximisation of revenues can be achieved. This role will strive to improve all areas of the business in line with this mindset. The job is leading a team of 5 consisting of an assistant financial controller, a management accountant and **** transactions focused accounts clerks. The successful individual will be available at short notice and will have a progressive career in running a finance function. Strong controls experience along with a strong track record in commercial finance and decision support to influence a business is essential. Previous modelling and profitability analysis of contracts would be beneficial. Experience of working with a client base in the Public Sector (specifically councils) would be beneficial. Duties will include: Team Management •Directly manage and coordinate key individuals and their teams to achieve targets accurately and efficiently Financial accounting •Ensure the integrity of financial data at department and company level. •Prepare and finalise annual statutory accounts. •Liaise with Auditors on resolving accounting and tax issues. •Ensure compliance with all statutory regulations for VAT, tax etc. •Plan, control and manage the annual statutory audit process. Client accounting •Ensure preparation of all reconciliations for contractual matters including detailed compensation and rebates. •Participate in negotiation of commercial terms with clients. •Liaise regularly with clients to resolve accounting matters. •Assist clients with group accounting requirements. Management Reporting •Ensure that budgets, forecasts and business plans for the company are prepared / updated in a timely manner. •Ensure accurate preparation, updating and monitoring of KPIs, production reports and other relevant analyses. •Preparation development and communication of management accounting reports. •Prepare input required for monthly board report and quarterly shareholder reports. •Ensure that detailed variances are analysed, explained and audited at company and cost centre level and that these are effectively communicated and remedial action is investigated / implemented. Business Modelling •Prepare business models that inform decisionmaking. •Analyse and document the profitability of each of the company’s various contracts and operations. •Analyse projected margins from proposed new activities/contracts, working closely with commercial and operations personnel. •Assist in profitably developing the commercial operations of the business. •Involvement in numerous ad hoc finance projects •Investigate and implement commercial opportunities Processes •Ensure that accounting policies are correctly applied and reflect best accounting practice. •Continuously Improve and implement financial policies and procedures •Regularly review and document internal controls and risks within the company. •Manage the monthly and year end accounting timetable / process. •Work with Head of IT to address finance systems issues. Relationship Management •Maintain a close working relationship with senior nonfinancial managers and assist in the commercial side of the business. •Maintain excellent relationships with other stakeholders such as banks and shareholder. This is an interesting and challenging varied financial controller position running a diligent team in a business currently undertaking some change. For an talented individual looking for an immediate start, this is a great opportunity. For more information about this role or any Financial Controller jobs in Hertfordshire/ North London, please contact me in confidence. Every application will receive a response as this is the recognised working practice at MRK Associates.