Title: Deputy Head of FE programmes
Webindex: 68097020
Company: Adecco Group
Description: Our client based in Canterbury Town Centre is looking for an experienced Programme Manager, ideally with an Education background to take up a newly proposed role at its offices in Kent. Working directly for the Head of FE Programmes (Further Education) the suitable candidate will be tasked with managing a small team (****) of Managers and analysts to ensure that the programmes and courses / modules / qualifications issued by our client adhere to all compliance and regulatory requirements of the governing bodies they support. You will need to have a strong background in Management and compliance, with an understanding of Further Education, either in a Management or Financial sense and be able to show evidence of this. As well as managing the above the selected candidate will need to be able to liaise with alternative related products, services and activities within the business. One of the key parts to this role will be to oversee the Quality Assurance element of the business in relation to the design, development, delivery, assessment and awarding of the of the products being made available. You will need to have the foresight to monitor educational trends as well as advise QDM's on potential future educational requirements, stand as liaison to external bodies (including Ofqual) to ensure statements of compliance are adhered too. You will also need to act as chair / secretary to relevant committee's as and when required and make presentations to stakeholders and external bodies if necessary. This is a highly prestigious role with a client offering a ****k p/a salary and a fantastic benefits package including Private Family Healthcare (after probation) and an ****x salary life insurance policy capped private pension scheme with a healthy company contribution. Interviews are being held on Jan 21st at the facility in Canterbury and please be aware, only candidates able to demonstrate the specific skills and requirements for this role will be contacted back directly. Adecco are an equal opportunities employer and acting as an agency for this role. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeputyHeadofFEprogrammes_job****