Title: Asbestos Credit Controller  London
Webindex: 69536171
Company: Future Select
Description: Our client is a fast expanding asbestos company providing various services such like asbestos surveys/removals and training to a portfolio of clients nationally. Presently, they are looking for a selfmotivated and astute Asbestos Credit Controller to join their busy office in London. Ideally, they are looking for a professional who has previous experience working within this role and within the asbestos industry, although they would consider candidates from other industries. The Duties Will Encompass: Arranging credit ratings with banks and making decisions as to offer credits or not. Chasing outstanding payments  dealing with internal and external queries with regards to payments and ensuring that the customers/clients pay within time limit and also negotiating the repayment plans. Taking legal action if necessary, that is if customers stop payment or are late in paying and in case it leads to bankruptcy, you will be required to recover the money. Managing the team/staff and at the same time reviewing the company's debt recovery procedures. Getting involved with some administrative and accounting duties. Overall, you will have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, excellent telephone manner and have the ability to liaise with clients/customers. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a successful company that offers competitive salary and along with other benefits. Future Select specialize in recruiting staff in the Asbestos Industry. We currently have over a **** clients that are looking for candidates that have from 3 months experience to people with over 20 years in the industry. We have vacancies for Assistant Asbestos Surveyors, Basic Asbestos Surveyor, Lead Asbestos Surveyors, Asbestos Analysts, Asbestos Project Managers, Asbestos Junior Consultants, Asbestos Senior Consultants, Asbestos Laboratory Technicians, Asbestos Removal Contracts Managers, to Asbestos Director level positions. Salaries ranging ****k.We are recruiting for Asbestos clients in all regions throughout the UK. We are inundated with applications, will endeavour to get back in touch, however if you have applied to Future Select and you have not heard from us after a week, on this occasion, you will not have been successful. Your details will be saved on our system and you will be contacted in the future if a vacancy matches your skills. asbestos credit controller credit control payments credits clients customers queries debt recovery administrative accounting banks staff london