Title: Head of Financial Systems
Webindex: 67098839
Company: Hudson Global Resources Regions Ltd
Description: The Role As the Head of Finance Systems Support you will own and manage the financial systems, including Oracle eBusiness Suite, Hyperion Financial Management and OBIEE on a daily basis. It will also involve providing financial systems expert knowledge to the project team and to ensure that project work meets the agreed financial system design principles. Key Accountabilities  Manage the Oracle Financials, Hyperion Financial Management and OBIEE reporting applications and associated interfaces being the point of contact for financial systems.  Provide input into all financial system related project work including Financial Accounting Hub and Revenue Management and Billing implementations.  Analysis of finance systems, processes and procedures, recommending changes where appropriate and promoting best practice across Finance.  Identification and delivery of a range of agreed finance system improvements, working closely with system users, technology and system suppliers or associated consultants.  Manage the process to drive out manual processes through automation, implementing system and process changes based on these requirements.  Provide input in the form of design specifications into system developments.  Integrate new parts of the business moving onto the common Finance system platform.  Manage the Financial Systems Support department and provide excellent helpdesk, support/problemsolving and advisory service to users of the financial systems.  Responsibility for the development and distribution of financial systems training materials and to deliver end user training to new and existing finance system users.  To oversee the maintenance of all standing data within financial systems and the maintenance of the associated office records, assisting where necessary.  Manage the relationships for Finance Systems with third party vendors, and both internal and external service providers.  To monitor system performance levels within finance.  Produce user acceptance testing documentation and ensuring data integrity of all UAT tests before live implementation of any Finance System changes. Skills & Experience  Detailed knowledge of analysing and configuring Oracle Financials application, preferably R****  Understanding of HFM and OBIEE  Strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to communicate at all levels in a complex organisation and a commitment to provide a customerorientated service.  Knowledge and experience of accounting principles, accounting practice and financial business processes in a large organisation with a devolved approach to financial and accounting management.  Very strong business and systems analysis skills and a proactive approach to problemsolving. Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.