Title: Desk Based Advisor
Webindex: 68995529
Company: Search Consultancy
Description: Desk Based Advisor **** per annum Hove, East Sussex I am currently looking to recruit for a Desk Based Advisor role for an award winning and established IFA located in Hove, East Sussex. My client is one of the top 75 IFA s in the UK as voted by Monywise and also has been part of Citywise for new model Advisers for the past 3 years. My client has over **** Advisers currently working for the business and employees over **** people. They have 2 offices, their Head Office based in Hove where this particular position is based from and also an office in London. Due to expansion my client is looking to recruit a Financial Advisor into a Desk Based Advisor role. This is a new function within the business and has been created off the back of a segmentation process (of teams) across the business. You would be provided with a client bank/list to work through and it would be your job to qualify these clients and find clients that can be provide with a higher level of service by the business. You will be provided with support/training to do this and also parraplanning and admin support. My client is looking for somebody that has got experience of working as an Financial Advisor however would consider somebody that is a Parraplanner at this time and looking to progress into an Advisor position. They would consider somebody coming from a banking background or IFA. What is essential is somebody that is dynamic and has the drive to be successful in this role. For this role it is essential that somebody is fully RDR compliant and hold their SPS. My client is looking to award a base salary of circa.**** per annum and a bonus on top. As this is a new role being created in the business the bonus scheme has not been confirmed however it would be based on the levels of business that you right. There will be some sort of validation on the base salary awarded and a percentage bonus of the written business you produce. This is a great opportunity for somebody to progress in an IFA position and have a career within a IFA business. My client is looking to offer a true career and progression for the person who comes into this role so is looking for somebody that is looking for somebody that is hungry to be successful. If you would like to apply for this role then please look to send your CV through to