Title: Financial Controller  Head Office Companies
Webindex: 69198368
Company: MacKenzie King
Description: A Global Business Services organisation has a new opportunity within Head Office Finance for a Financial Controller to join the global finance function. This is a crucial hire during a period of rapid change and requires someone with a very handson and positive attitude. You will be a Qualified ACA or ACCA Accountant. Primary responsibilities will include:  Responsible for the accounting for the Head Office companies, including Holding companies and Management companies. This will involve monthly review of performance, monitoring of forecast and investigating unusual trends with senior Management across the Group.  Managing the UK Head Office accounting team.  Process mapping and design to ensure efficient and effective processes are transitioned across to the Group's outsourced provider.  Manage the systems transfer onto the new global platform for the Head Office entities including set up, data migration and testing and process design and review.  Accurate and timely payment of settlements across the Head Office companies including working with Group Treasury on processing of settlements from the Treasury entities.  Manage the receipt and payment of intercompany interest (calculated by Group Treasury) on balances due from / to the Head Office entities  Ongoing liaison with Tax, Treasury and Group Finance in relation to the UK Head Office companies, including legal entity restructuring, distributable dividend analysis, foreign exchange accounting and intercompany reconciliation.  Preparation / review of UK statutory accounts for relevant entities and liaison with auditors on these entities.  Preparation, issuance and pursuit of settlement of the Group wide recharge arrangements including management and insurance charges. This is a very high profile role with significant career prospects. You will be a high calibre individual who is an outstanding communicator able to demonstrate significant achievement in your career to date. For a full job spec please apply attaching your cv in the first instance.