Title: UK Corporate Mobile Solutions Specialist
Webindex: 71848428
Company: CRS
Description: Overall Job Purpose To support the growth of global cash management revenues by: Driving product management key target segment agenda Supporting cash origination in developing and delivering solutions for clients Providing expert product level capability knowledge to the cash and coverage business Identifying product development opportunities Accelerating implementation of business wins Key Accountabilities: Working with proposition and product management team to identify and drive plans for targeting key market segments to deliver specific income and volume objectives. Identifying key product capabilities to enable success in key target segment agenda. Supporting Cash Origination in developing and delivering solutions for clients. 45% Working with cash origination to identify client level solutions across product areas. Working with clients to identify their complex needs and requirements during tender process, to support that tender process and ensure that the most appropriate and compelling solutions are sold to clients. Working with key existing clients to identify process improvements to increase client efficiency and enhance client transactions relationship with Barclays. Coordinate client workshops to facilitate Barclays thought leadership. Working directly with Sales on client deals, providing consultation on special pricing and deal structures Identifying industry trends and development impacting clients and Barclays products. Providing expert product level capability knowledge to the cash and coverage business. Identifying product development opportunities. Working with clients to identify client specific product development opportunities. Working with cash origination to identify market, sector or general product development opportunities. Identifying process improvements / changes to increase Barclays product delivery effectiveness. Construct business case to support proposed business development based on interaction with product management. Enhancing existing products and developing new products working with a large number of individuals across the Barclays Group; specifically those in Sales, Operations, Legal and other delivery areas, including mark eting communications, Training, Public Relations third party suppliers. Ensuring that speed to income is achieved as quickly as possible whilst retaining client priorities / timescales and required controls. The ideal candidate must be a strong leader who is innovative and results driven with highly effective communication/ influence skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UKCorporateMobileSolutionsSpecialist_job****