Title: Senior Commercial Product Manager,
Webindex: 71679494
Company: CRS
Description: The overall purpose of the role is to:  Manage and facilitate the New Product Approval Processes to ensure all due diligence is completed prior to any new product.This includes all product areas sold in CMB e.g. Paymentsand Cash Management, Global Markets, Cards, Trade and Receivables Finance, and Insurance and Investment, etc  Coordinate and complete the ongoing reviews of the existing CMB Product Suite liaising with all Product Managers who provide a product to UK CMB customers.The reviews ensure all products sold in UK CMB remain fit for purpose, meet the Banks’ strategy, and the business is aware of any risks associated with that product.  Work closely with the Global and European CMB to design and drive product governance strategy for CMB and act as a Global leader for future developments.  Lead the development of Conduct Risk frameworks within CMB UK to maintain a robust sales and suitability monitoring process. The ideal candidate for this role will have:  Relevant product knowledge of Commercial Banking products.  Experience working in relevant environment/s, e.g. Product Management, Project Management, Leadership Delivery.  Proven experience of leading the delivery of an excellent customer service and proactively looking for innovative ways to improve the service delivered to customers.  A track record of delivering significant change which improves business effectiveness in sustainable ways.  Set and achieved challenging short, medium and long term goals which exceeded the standards in their field.  A flexible and adaptable management style with experience of developing yourself and others.  Excellent spoken and written communication skills with experience of adapting your style and approach to the audience and message to be delivered.  A track record of making complex business decisions with authority, even in times of ambiguity, considering the potential long term risks and implications.  A successful track record of delivering complex projects and/or programmes, utilising appropriate techniques and tools to ensure and measure success. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorCommercialProductManager_job****