Title: Development Trading Underwriter
Webindex: 71647620
Company: Lawes Insurance Recruitment
Description: Role: Development Trading Underwriter Location: Essex Our client a large Insurance Company is seeking a Development Trading Underwriter to become part of their team in Essex. We have a fantastic opportunity for Trading Underwriters within our client s Essex branch. You ll be aligned to a panel of brokers to trade Property, Liability and Motor (including Coach/Mini Bus) business or a specialist underwriter with just coach/minibus exposure would also be of interest. You ll negotiate with aligned brokers on renewals and quotations and service their policies so you ll be confident at trading and negotiation. The role is varied in that a portion of this will be carried out in brokers offices as well as in branch. Relationship building with the broker will therefore be key to success. Your purpose will be to achieve income and profit objectives by supporting the technical management of the Branch account and by delivering an efficient case underwriting service for brokers. Responsibilities: Deal with New Business enquiries and renewals by producing terms and converting/retaining acceptable business. Conduct regular case reviews to ensure that technical procedures and standards are always followed. Enhance their standing and presence locally by establishing and maintaining strong personal relationships with key directors and staff at the Region s most important brokers. Maintain personal knowledge of relevant technical issues. Support the personal development of the underwriting staff in the Branch by delivering technical guidance. Undertake referral cases above the authority levels of underwriters Contribute to the technical knowledge of the Company by feeding back technical and commercial market intelligence to the Regional Manager. Requirements Trading Underwriter and possess or demonstrate significant progress towards achieving Level 3 underwriting authority in either classes. Coach/Minibus Exposure A Coach/Minibus Development Trading Underwriter Consideration will also be given if you are not an Underwriter but do have Commercial lines experience and deal with Brokers. This would be a development role and full training will be provided. In addition you will desirably hold a CII Certificate or progress towards and have a good working technical and product knowledge of Commercial Insurance Underwriting (Property, Liability and/or Fleet) Salary: **** If you have the relevant experience please do not hesitate to contact us on **** **** **** or email us at londonlawesgroup.co.uk Please Note: Due to the sheer volume of applications we receive, we will only contact successful applications. Therefore if you have not heard from us within **** working days please deem your application as unsuccessful. Don t miss out on new opportunities, visit our website www.lawesgroup.co.uk