Title: Senior Manager  AML and Client Relationship
Webindex: 69787447
Company: Argyll Scott International Limited
Description: My client is a well known asset manager currently looking for someone with strong client onboarding and AML knowledge to join a successful growing PWM team. The Role: Front office support; to the Investment/Private Banking Team in the development and management of client relationships, working as an integral member of the team and reporting to at least two directors. New client onboarding; be a subject matter expert (the goto person) on CDD/AML requirements for private individual/companies/trusts. Ensure you drive the completion of all documents in accordance with the group s procedures and all regulatory requirements at the time. Interact with the client, the custodian and any other stakeholder to achieve this. Ensure that you liaise and have a good working relationship with the Jersey office in this regard. Client relationships; make yourself known to the current client base and nurture new relationships through the delivery of excellent client service. Be familiar with their requirements and be able to deal with their day to day queries in a timely, accurate and efficient manner. Client Maintenance; for new accounts ensure that you drive and own the completion of all documentation. For existing clients ensure annual reviews are undertaken in accordance with group s compliance procedures and regulatory and/or audit requirement. Custodian/s; manage the transfer of new business assets from incumbent custodians to the new account. Focus specifically on both building a relationship with the custodian and any associated administrative/operational tasks during any transfer or new client. Stakeholder Management; be able to manage stakeholder expectations  both internal and external. Have the ability to build strong working relationships with you internal colleagues Governance and Control; where procedures are in place ensure that these have at minimum a half yearly review to ensure current. Where procedure s need to be written have to ability to do this in accordance with the groups policy, taking into account any associated risks that need to be considered and mitigated and any controls that need to be implemented. Follow current group s procedures diligently. Management Information and Reporting; Ability to create, review, analyse and implement where required. Personal Development; take ownership of your own development, liaise with your line manager to agree requirement s. You will have an annual appraisal with your reporting line/s with half yearly reviews. The candidate: AML and CDD experience Client onboarding experience Very strong client relationship management experience A minimum of ****/3 years experience in a similar role with a Investment Management Company, Legal Firm, Trust Company If you believe you fit the above criteria, please send your CV to rsmithargyllscott.com