Title: Payroll Accounts/Administrator  No Experience Necessary  up to ****K
Webindex: 69587050
Company: Clarke Limited
Description: Are you still looking for employment, looking for a career change or just about to leave university or college? Do you have a flair for numbers and business? Then a career as a Payroll Accountant could be for you If you’re longing to launch yourself into an exciting and rewarding career of Accountancy and Finance, and possess the drive and determination to be the very best, then this opportunity could be just the answer. As the UK’s leading payroll training provider, we are now recruiting for 2012 intakes and invite applications from highly motivated individuals with a proven track record of success. We provide you with the fastest route to being a Payroll Accountant thanks to guaranteed interviews with top employers and secondtonone career support. We offer some of the UK’s leading Payroll Accountant training facilities, distraction free learning and the opportunity to work alongside some of the most prestigious firms in the country. Train Now, Pay Later: We offer qualified candidates 100% funding through our Career Loan Scheme, so you can start straight away and then pay for your training once your career as a Payroll Accountant has started If successful, you will be offered an exclusive place on our Payroll training scheme where you’ll gain a professional recognised and accredited qualification. You will also enjoy professional career development and mentoring from our experienced tutors and Payroll Accountant professionals, so you can enter the industry will all the qualifications and experience required. Our next intake is nearing capacity and places are limited and strictly application only. No previous experience or qualifications are necessary. Please note this is a UK wide training scheme. CVs need to be sent to our recruitment partner, Simply Payroll Jobs in the first instance. Clarke Careers is working on behalf of this organisation (the Client) and acting as their CV filtering service. You application, if deemed appropriate, will be forwarded directly to the client. By applying for this role, you authorise us to submit your details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PayrollAccountsAdministratorNoExperienceNecessaryupto****K_job****