Title: Financial Accountant Immediate Start
Webindex: 69930888
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: ACA, ACCA or CIMA qualified Financial Accountant is required to join a Surrey based blue chip business immediately on a **** month fixed term basis. About You You will be an ACCA, ACA or CIMA qualified Financial Accountant. You will have solid, recent financial accounting experience gained within a complex, listed business. You will be immediately available and happy to commit to a six month fixed term contract. You will have experience of SAP or Oracle and will have strong Excel skills. You will be happy to undertake a role based in the Surrey area but which will involve some European travel. About The Role This role will join the business on a six month fixed term contract basis. It will interview this week and start quickly. This is a project focussed position which will assist the company with various P&L and Balance Sheet duties. The role will be Surrey based but will involve up to 2****% travel to a site in Europe. About Our Client This company are a busy, complex, international business. Things you should know **** month fixed term contract Commutable from Addlestone, Aldershot, Camberley, Cobham, Esher, Farnborough, Farnham, Fleet, Frimley, Godalming, Guildford, Lightwater, West Byfleet, Woking Howett Thorpe recruit for roles within accounts payable, credit control, payroll also covering accounts assistants, audit, management accounts, financial accounts, analysts, financial controllers, financial directors, corporate finance, tax including all part qualified and qualified vacancies. Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within 5 working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)