Title: MI Analyst  Financial Services
Webindex: 71189108
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: A Protection Support Analyst / MI Analyst is required to undertake an exciting new role in London for a marketing leading financial services organisation. The role holder will be responsible for supporting the protection product managers in designing and delivering new products as well as ensuring heritage products meet the financial requirements of FPI and customer expectations. This includes products marketed in Hong Kong, Singapore and the UAE. Responsibilities:  Supports the protection product manager in the delivery of new protection products to target customer groups as identified by the Global Expat/Domestic Affluent proposition managers.  Inputs in to the design of protection products endtoend so that they meet defined objectives (financial and customer). Drafts product specs and suggests platform/delivery criteria.  Supports the heritage protection product manager in conducting product reviews and delivering remedial action.  Provides detailed MI to input in to both heritage and new product reviews. Analyses and understands impact of data.  Provides draft content for core product literature. Reviews the technical accuracy of all protection product and proposition documentation (excludes policy conditions).  Provides product comparisons for protection products. Knowledge, Skills and Behaviours:  Has a basic understanding of the financials of life insurance.  Strong analytical skills, ability to understand, analyse and interpret data essential.  Ideally educated to Degree level (or equivalent)  Organised and able to prioritise own workload.  Can suggest new ideas and not afraid to push boundaries.  Has the ability to work in a core team to 'get the job done', whilst also being able to drive forwards on own where appropriate.  Strong attention to detail.  Confidence, credible and able to effectively put points across.Carlisle Managed Solutions is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MIAnalystFinancialServices_job****