Title: Manager  Motor Products
Webindex: 71142124
Description: This is a very exciting opportunity to lead the strategic development of one of the motor products for our client across both our Commercial and Retail business divisions. This is a market facing role which requires the leader to build external links with Motor Manufacturers, Service Providers and insurance intermediaries. The successful candidate will become the specifics product expert within our clients UK business, and represent the UK in wider Group. The role will involve driving change across the business, ensuring that the products are appropriately prioritised within the business IT and business change, and that appropriate resources and support are achieved. The successful candidate will be required to develop and deliver a two or three year strategic plan for the UK business across Retail and Commercial lines, inclusive of new market segments. This will need to include opportunities within new market segments that may become more attractive given the capabilities of the specific problem. The role will include acting as the public relations spokesperson for the product, ensuring that the business's promoted positively through the media. Who we re looking for A very strong communicator with excellent and demonstrable stakeholder management and influencing skills. Strong underwriting and pricing experience, across both the Retail and Commercial (Fleet/motor trade) sectors. The ability to be creative with data in order to develop pricing and rating. A strong degree of commerciality, with experience in portfolio management roles including responsibility for budget management and P L results. The ability to drive change, manage projects and negotiate contracts. Experience in development of customer propositions. About our client Our client is one of the largest insurers and financial services companies in the world What s on offer A challenging role with business critical responsibilities. A competitive salary and excellent benefits.