Title: Regional Commercial Accountant
Webindex: 68708347
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: The role will be responsible forthe financial reporting and provision of commercial support to a region of this business comprising of6 sites. Specific aspects of the role are as follows:  Prepare the management accounts for all sites within the region in a timely and accurate manner.  Develop the margin reporting systems as well as a rebate and price support structure.  Provide in depth analysis on a range of areas and understand the drivers behind site performance.  Act as a genuine business partner and support the individual Site Directors in understanding the story behind financial performance as well as making recommendations to aid in key decision making.  Play an integral role in systems development and the improvement of processes and pr  A fully qualified accountant (ACA/ACCA/CIMA)  Previous experience within a financerole which supports the business in an operation and commercial manner.  A strong track record in process improvement.  A willingness to do some infrequent travel to various parts of the UK. My client is a stable distribution business in the West Yorkshire area with good prospects for growth in the short, medium and long term future. To help support this growth they require a Regional Commercial Accountant to provide greater visibility on cost and help the Site Directors in maximising profits. ****  ****  car. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalCommercialAccountant_job****