Title: Senior Business Development Manager  Glasgow  Up to ****K
Webindex: 67779217
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Senior Business Development Manager Glasgow  Up to ****  Package One of the UK s leading insurers are looking to add an experienced Commercial Insurance Sales professional to their Glasgow office with the aim of developing relationships with a network of regional insurance brokers targeting SME and mid market business. The Role Your primary responsibility with be developing solid business relationships with key stakeholders within your panel of local/regional brokers to maximise business opportunities as well as ensure retention and profit growth. Your aim will be to work closely with both the broker and the internal underwriting team to identify and ultimately win profitable business. You will be responsible for managing the growth of your panel of Brokers; monitoring figures on a weekly and monthly basis to ensure that financial plans are achieved in terms of retention, profit and volume. You will develop your key client accounts and build strong business relationships in order to identify untapped potential within your panel of brokers. By supporting the Area Business Development Manager you will ensure that other internal teams (Underwriting, Claims, Sales and Service) support business development to its full potential by ensuring that all strategies are implemented effectively. The Person For your application to be considered you must have a solid, proven background in Commercial Insurance sales roles, preferably in the SME/Mid market. You will have outstanding negotiation skills and have proof of managing and maintaining strong business relationships. You will have good working knowledge of the Commercial Insurance market and competitor activity. Insurance qualification would be preferred. The Benefits Basic salary of up to **** plus benefits package worth 20%. The Company Our client provides a range of Commercial Insurances and has an excellent reputation throughout the UK. They have been in the business for over 100 years and are focused on expansion so this is an excellent time to join their team. The company offer excellent benefits, training and career progression is available to all employees wishing to work towards promotion. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.