Title: Risk Pricing Manager Emblem/Linear Modelling
Webindex: 70164895
Company: Prospect Recruitment Ltd
Description: Risk Pricing Manager Emblem/Linear Modelling Negotiable dependant on experience c****  ****  Benefits Surrey Outstanding opportunity for high calibre, Risk Pricing Manager to join this innovative and successful Personal Lines Insurance Company. You will lead a small team of Analysts that continually improve the understandability of claims and fess cost drivers, and ensure that quoted prices and account profitability assessment appropriately reflect the risk cost. You will direct and oversee analysis, develop strategy, manage and develop the skills of your Analysts, buod successful business relationships, and consider the impact on customers of pricing actions. The areas of activity covered are multivariate claims and fees cost modelling, production of risk indices, forming robust year reserving opinions, interpreting emerging loss ratio MI and influencing prioritisation of rating engine build to maximise value from risk pricing models. A good numerate degree, supported by well developed statistical and spreadsheet modelling skills, strong interpersonal capabilities and the personality to succeed in an informal, but thoroughly dynamic environment, are all essential attributes. Typically an experienced underwriter, Pricing Manager and/or qualified actuary. A good knowledge of Excel, VB, SAS and/or other analytical tools and experience of EMBLEM pricing software and Linear Modelling required. In return, the person appointed can expect a highly professional, friendly and informal working environment offering significant individual development potential, with opportunity entirely reflected by talent. Contact Teresa Cheeseman for further information or send your CV for a confidential discussion Should this role not be the right one for you, we specialise in Operational Research, Marketing and Statistical Analysis & Modelling recruitment, so take a look at our website to for further career opportunities Alternatively, you can refer a friend or colleague by taking part in our fantastic referral scheme If you have a friend or colleague who would be interested in this role, please refer them to us. For each relevant candidate that you introduce to us (there is no limit) and we place, you will be entitled to our generous referral payment scheme. Regrettably, due to the high number of applications to our advertisements only those who we feel are suitable for this vacancy, or suitable for alternative relevant opportunities, will be contacted