Title: Programme ManagerCash ChannelsBankLondon****k
Webindex: 71410179
Company: Rullion IT Plus
Description: A world renowned global bank is searching for a successful and delivery focused Programme Manager to deploy a new strategic cash management channel on behalf of their Global clients. As the Programme Manager, you will hold ultimate accountability for the successful roll out of a global cash management channel; this bank has invested generously to update their current cash management channels. You will be responsible for the successful migration from the current to the new system; you will listen to client feedback, implementing change as appropriate, address proposition gaps and complete global roll outs. You will have unparalleled expertise within Programme Management gained through extensive exposure in the Financial Services (Investment or Corporate Banking is highly advantageous), delivering complex programmes. You will engage with key stakeholders, ensuring project implementation is flawless. You will be considered for this business critical role, due to your: Wealth of Programme Management experience gained within the Financial Services Extensive Investment or Corporate Banking is essential Led and delivered large, complex cash management programmes highly advantageous Led full end to end programme delivery This is an excellent opportunity for a strong, delivery focused Programme Manager who is looking to continue honing their skills within Programme Delivery on global scale. This internationally successful global bank are renowned in the market for their commitment to change, dedicating multimillions to advance their cash management initiative, to further set themselves apart from the competition. You will have the opportunity to work on the largest and most exciting cash management change programmes in the financial market. You will utilise your extensive Programme Delivery experience within the Financial Services to lead and shape this major change programme, building a delivery team and influencing senior stake holders. In return, you will be based in London and offered a salary between **** (depending on experience) plus an unrivalled package. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.