Title: Client Services Support
Webindex: 68693262
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Client Services Support Bath Salary up to ****k (dependent on experience) This is an integral function within the Client Services Team and you will be the initial contact point for IFAs and their clients. The role encompasses both regular telephone and facetoface contact with advisers; supporting Sales by building and maintaining strong working relationships and delivering superior, marketleading customer service. Responsibilities  Manage high volumes of telephone calls from Financial Advisors and clients.  Ensure technical referrals are dealt with in line with service standards and regulations.  Investigate and resolve complex queries/issues within service standards ensuring ownership through to completion.  Produce Management Information reports.  Assist with issues on any potential cases by obtaining outstanding information.  Assist with coaching of new starters and less experienced staff.  Provide support and training to the department.  Participating in call quality assessments on team members.  Ensure personal statistics are up to date and accurate.  Opportunities may arise to get involved in technical projects related to area.  Complete all tasks in line with service standards, procedures and compliance guidelines.  Own relationships with Financial Advisors and clients. Skills and Experience  Previous experience within the financial services industry, particularly client servicing, with specific telephone handling exposure.  Pensions knowledge is essential  Outstanding communication skills, both verbal and written.  Strong interpersonal skills.  Proven commitment to Client Services.  Excellent problem solving capabilities.  Ability to work well individually and as part of a team.  Able to work calmly to tight deadlines in a high pressure environment. If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClientServicesSupport_job****