Title: Cash Allocation Clerk
Webindex: 68709354
Company: Hays
Description: Cash Allocation Clerk job in Bradford. We are currently working with Univar to recruit a number of key jobs within Accounts Receivable. We are specifically looking to find any candidates with recent accounts receivable experience who are confident with computerised accounting packages, ideally SAP. Univar is a leading global chemical distributor. The company provides technical expertise in application development, excellence in logistics support and outstanding customer service to help its partners frow their business. Offering customers the broadest range of products from leading producers across Europe, the Middle East and Africa as well as the United States and Canada, Univar has the knowledge and capability to improve execution efficiency, as well as reduce the costs and complexity of their customers' and suppliers' supply chains. The successful candidate will form part of a newly created team after the centralisation of this function from across Europe. The purpose of this role is to be responsible for the following key duties: Monitor Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable bank statement registrations Run automatic cash allocation to Accounts Receivable open items Review automatic cash allocations and complete cash allocation manually Physically receive, deposit and post manual customer payments to the customer account based on info received from local entities Follow up on payments received that cannot be applied to individual customer accounts, contracts and invoices Offering a varied, challenging and interesting role within a friendly, enthusiastic team, this is a great opportunity to join this market leading organisation. Applicants must be confident, articulate and be eager to learn new systems and processes. The salary, benefits and long term career opportunities are superb and I would recommend anyone interested in the position to apply immediately to avoid disappointment. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CashAllocationClerk_job****