Title: Lead Modeller  Credit Risk
Webindex: 72674224
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Lead Modeller  Credit Risk Location: Leeds Salary: to  ****  bonus benefits Responsibilities of the role.  To develop Credit Risk models and to support a wider range of statistical modelling.  To support the development and maintenance of an IRB modelling approach for Basel II retail Credit Risk (PD, EAD, LGD).  To enhance modelling capabilities.  To develop the knowledge and understanding of modelling within the business.  To lead production of intra month forecasts taking into account trends seen over the course of the month.  To drive medium and long term forecasting models whilst engaging all stakeholders in other business areas and ensure functional impacts are incorporated accurately and transparently.  To lead production of variance analyses that clearly show variance vs forecast and leverage this to enhance forecasting process.  To formulate key assumptions and drivers of impairment and present to stakeholders from Analyst to Senior Management.  To explore new modeling approaches (clustering, segmentation, strategic analytics approaches etc) that would enable more robust forecast. Skills Required Essential  Strong SAS skills  with ability to manipulate large data sets, automate monthly SAS processes and debug SAS code with minimal steer.  Strong Excel skills  with ability to work with multiple work sheets, pivots etc.  Highly numerate / statistical knowledge  able to work with numbers and make error free calculations.  Effectively communicate detail and technical concepts in plain English.  Stakeholder management  Interface with various departments effectively to ensure project delivery.  Able to design and deliver new management information and analysis that supports and enhances forecasts and forecasting processes.  Enjoys working in cross functional and virtual teams. Preferred  Credit Risk analytical experience on consumer retail portfolios.  MSc in numerate discipline.  Base SAS certification. Experience  At least 3 years experience within Risk, Financial industry or in a sector with exposure to relative statistical modelling.  Analytical experience on Basel modelling (PD, EAD, LGD, Economical capital requirements etc).  UK banking experience.  Indepth knowledge and understanding of statistical aspects (especially these which are used in Credit RiskBasel modelling): LogisticLinear Regression, Scorecard development; GINI coefficient; KS statistics; Reject inference techniques; Data sampling; Data mining; Markov chains; and time series modelling approaches.  Excellent analytical skills and a strong attention to detail.  A degree qualification in a relevant discipline, e.g. Maths/Statistics, Economics.  A relevant and closely related professional qualification. Please send your CV to infoaspiredata.co.uk or call Sophie Creswell on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadModellerCreditRisk_job****