Title: CVA Market Risk Analyst
Webindex: 67098329
Company: Hydrogen UK Limited
Description: This role is for the Market Risk reporting for the Traded Credit business, covering Flow Credit, Structured Credit and Securitised Products. It also covers Basel III CVA Risk Reporting (which leverages off existing MRE production processes).  Responsible for the daily Time Series (TS), VaR, Regulatory Reporting and Positions Validation processes for both Market Risk and CVA.  Investigate production issues, ensuring that concerns raised are efficiently communicated and resolutions are planned and effectively coordinated and actioned.  Maintain the Specific Risk Model (SRE), ensuring Specific Risk is accurate/complete and that we continue to meet our regulatory requirements. Develop and implement new and existing business initiatives and investigate potential issues surrounding the daily time series, VaR and positions within the Credit asset class. New and existing business initiatives are fundamentally project based, therefore on occasions the need to have skills to actively participate in projects sequentially or in parallel with others is of the utmost importance. To have sufficient competence within the various product ranges and to add value to discussions with the line manager, Risk Manager, Front Office and other external groups within Product Control or the wider banking environment.  To deliver cost efficient research and development when priorities are changed and limited information is available.  To complement and enhance the working patterns of the market risk engineering team with focus on the development and consolidation of current methodologies developed within market risk. Main Duties  To undertake daily Time Series BAU and Project work and to assist in the development of new and existing methodologies in the creation of historical time series. For example constructing or using existing statistical and/or time series models for synthetically creating data.  Production and validation of daily VaR for the Global Credit business and CVA Project work to develop/enhance new/existing initiatives  Maintaining VaR and NonVaR limits on trading portfolios.  To undertake daily SRE BAU and adhoc requests. This includes setting up corporate issuers to risk using Specific Risk methodology, investigating and correcting daily SRE risk failures and producing Regulatory Control reporting.  To undertake daily position reporting activities and Project work to develop/modify reports in line with new methodology/business changes.  Responsibility for daily time series, VaR and Position Reporting issues, ensuring that problems are overcome by means of effective dialogue with internal and external team members.  To work as an effective member of the team, contributing to the needs that may arise on an adhoc basis without loss of generality to current projects or work processes. Person Requirements Essential High quality degree with some quantitative subjects Experience in a top tier institution exposed to Market Risk, delivery of projects, and/or Product Analysis.  Expertise with Excel VBA skills / Microsoft Access / Project / SQL / Word  Talent for assimilating large quantities of data and presenting in a logical format.  Excellent problem solving ability  Quantitative analysis and research skills  Attention to detail  Working knowledge of systems and IT related environment  Financial products knowledge  Prior risk exposure  Team player, Ambitious/focused  The need for innovation and creative thinking The successful candidate will demonstrate persistence, diligence and the capacity to accept and drive change. I would expect them to come from either a Risk or Business/Financial/Product Control environment. A team player with good upward and downward communication skills is also essential. A person with the drive to learn, create ideas and use their own initiative when faced with complexities.Finance Professionals is part of Hydrogen Group.