Title: Pensions and Share Based Payments Accountant
Webindex: 72245273
Company: Manpower   North West
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen to join a world leading global organisation, our client Unilever are currently looking for a Pensions and Share Based Payments Accountant based at Unilever's prestigious facility in Leatherhead, Surrey. This is a full time role, which could go permanent for the right applicant. This role is paying up to **** pro rata depending on experience. The pensions and share based payments accountant has the day to day responsibility for running the accounting, reporting and control processes for share based payments and pensions in all UK and Ireland companies. This includes the accounting and reporting for the UEST (Jersey Trust.) This is an area where a good understanding of relatively complex accounting transactions is required and it is expected that this person will apply that knowledge to improve the control and accounting processes in this space. Document and maintain documentation of all pensions and share based payments processes Identify and, where possible, implement improvements to the control environment Make sure all Sarbox controls are in place and operating for the Pensions processes Responsible for the accounting, journal entry, management information, intergroup charges and forecasting of all UK and Ireland Share Schemes. Understand the sharebased payments processes for the UK share schemes and liaise with the Prepare the disclosure note for sharebased payments in all UK and Ireland companies. Calculate NI payable on sharebased payments and amortisation of VPAis and prepare accruals and charge outs. An excellent opportunity has arisen to join a world leading global organisation, our client Unilever are currently looking for a Pensions and Share Based Payments Accountant based at Unilever's prestigious facility in Leatherhead, Surrey. This is a full time role, which could go permanent for the right applicant. This role is paying up to **** pro rata depending on experience. The pensions and share based payments accountant has the day to day responsibility for running the accounting, reporting and control processes for share based payments and pensions in all UK and Ireland companies. This includes the accounting and reporting for the UEST (Jersey Trust.) This is an area where a good understanding of relatively complex accounting transactions is required and it is expected that this person will apply that knowledge to improve the control and accounting processes in this space. Document and maintain documentation of all pensions and share based payments processes Identify and, where possible, implement improvements to the control environment Make sure all Sarbox controls are in place and operating for the Pensions processes Responsible for the accounting, journal entry, management information, intergroup charges and forecasting of all UK and Ireland Share Schemes. Understand the sharebased payments processes for the UK share schemes and liaise with the Prepare the disclosure note for sharebased payments in all UK and Ireland companies. Calculate NI payable on sharebased payments and amortisation of VPAis and prepare accruals and charge outs. Required Partqualified accountant studying for ACCA or CIMA Experience of general ledger accounting and general ledger reconciliations Strong penchant for technical/financial accounting Strong Excel skills Good verbal and written communication skills Desirable Educated to degree level CODA and Business Objects SAP ERP and BCS/BW We regret that due to the high volume of applications, we are unable to respond to each individual applicant. You will be contacted only if you have been shortlisted. Should you not hear from us within **** working days from your date of application, please assume you have been unsuccessful. Please keep checking the Manpower website for our latest vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PensionsandShareBasedPaymentsAccountant_job****