Title: Online Product, Pricing and Aggregrator Analyst
Webindex: 68684697
Company: Adecco Group
Description: We are looking for an Online Product, Pricing and Aggregrator Analyst to work in our Southend office. The role requires the successful candidate to research, review and support implementation of products and pricing in order to ensure growth and profit for the Company. There is strong focus on aggregator pricing and analysis and contribute to the development and growth of the aggregator and direct line of business. Duties to include but are not limited to: Analyse revenue streams, margins, sector trends, market products and competitors pricing to assess the attractiveness and profitability of the Company's product set. Recommend price changes and take the initiative in identifying and resolving issues around pricing and margin. Understand and track development of the aggregator channel in line with changing customer needs and behaviours and make appropriate commercial recommendations for changes or new innovations. Assist with developing and maintaining strong synergies with all partners and clients. Manipulate and present statistics in a variety of formats to provide business cases for the aid of decision making. Support with identifying key areas for growth and profit maximisation. To perform other duties as required, including adhoc analysis on methods to optimise price through market and pricing strategies. To coordinate with IT development teams when required in order to successfully implement changes to products and pricing. To support with the Aggregator Development Manager's work in their absence as required. In order to be considered for the role you will have the following skills: Previous experience of cost, margin, revenue and aggregator analysis. Previous experience of working in the Travel and/or Insurance Industry. Previous experience of natural search analysis. Intermediate to Advanced Excel Skills with the ability to manipulate data using formulae. Good statistical skills to analyse trends. Normal working hours are 8.30am  5.00pm Monday to Friday, although some flexibility is required as the requirements/needs of the business change for example the ability to work under time pressure and at unsociable hours where necessary. Adecco are an equal opportunities employerAdecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OnlineProductPricingandAggregratorAnalyst_job****