Title: compliance and training supervisor
Webindex: 72451768
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: A well established Financial Services Company has an exciting new role for a Compliance and Training Supervisor to join their organisation. The Role The main purpose of this will be to assist the compliance manager with the day to day running of the compliance department, specifically dealing with the Risk based monitoring programme and helping to oversee the Training and Competence scheme. Main Duties will include:Keep uptodate with regulatory developments.Advise senior management in a timely manner of FSA related and other regulatory issues.Ensure that the firm can respond in a timely basis to requests for information from FSA.Assist in making all appropriate notifications to the FSA.Comply at all times with the Compliance and Training and Competence procedures of the firm.' The Person The right candidate will have previous experience of working within a Risk or Compliance role for a financial services firm, ideally with some progression towards diploma (FPC's a minimum requirement). The Benefits This is an excellent opportunity for the right candidate to join an established firm who due to expansion and growth are looking to bulk up their Compliance and Risk function. You will be rewarded with an excellent salary within a company who offer good benefits and an excellent work/life balance. CSH**** Compliance and Training Supervisor is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include employee benefits, compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from one of our consultants you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/complianceandtrainingsupervisor_job****