Title: SAP Finance Specialist
Webindex: 72245717
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: This position is a genuine bridge between the Finance and IT functions of this international organisation. Supporting the SAP team and providing specialist systems knowledge to ensure Finance runs as efficiently as possible is the major remit behind this role. The successful candidate will work as part of the finance team, reporting into the SAP Finance Team Lead supporting finance processes, interfaces, data and the global finance community. Other responsibilities will include: You will be expected to guide and train regional teams in the adoption and implementation of the agreed best practice processes and procedures on a global basis.  Work as part of a successful team to deliver the configuration and development of the required SAP system functionality and the implementation of The successful candidate for the SAP Finance Specialist role will have:  Experience in business process reengineering / change management and project management, ideally in a multinational company environment.  SAP FI and CO configuration skills and experience in a systems development role. Ideally experience will cover FI (AR, AP, AM, GL) and CO (CCA, PA, OM, PCA).  A good understanding of the integration of Finance modules with other SAP modules e.g. SD, SM, and MM is required.  Strong interpersonal skills are a necessity. My client is a respected, global manufacturing business with offices in West Sussex. To **** plus bens DOE Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAPFinanceSpecialist_job****