Title: Senior Communications Consultant (12 month contract)
Webindex: 69772418
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen at this leading pensions consultancy for a Communications Consultant to develop and present on new pensions and benefits communication strategies for clients. You will be creating and maintaining a professional service to all potential, new and existing clients and in developing the business of the firm. You will manage a portfolio of larger and/or more complex clients, including attendance at meetings, coordinating the services provided to the client and developing those services. Deliver expert advice engaging innovative solutions and strategic thinking As a senior member of the team you will offer advice and guidance to colleagues where necessary, identify training needs of the practice and assist in coaching and developing staff. The successful candidate will need to be able to demonstrate strong communication skills gained within the pensions industry including in a clientfacing capacity. Strong interpersonal and communication skills are also essential We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.