Title: Graduate Entry Level Role Job  City of London
Webindex: 66343660
Description: Graduate Entry Level Role at a leading UK organisation  competitive salary and excellent training scheme A fantastic opportunity for all graduates looking for an entry level role in one of the most dynamic and fastest growing organisations in the UK. Full training scheme provided with excellent career progression. Salary: ****  excellent benefits Location: Canary Wharf Our client is an expert in settling complaints between consumers and businesses. The role: To work as part of a team to assess and resolve disputes between consumers and businesses fairly, efficiently and in accordance with our clients business aims, objectives and values. Liaising with all parties both over the phone and in writing Collating all the required information accurately and precisely Being involved in the decision making process and being able to communicate this effectively Dealing with sensitive issues in a professional manner Providing excellent customer service Your experience: Qualified to degree level (minimum ****) with experience in providing excellent customer service from a variety of customer facing roles including retail, entertainment and marketing. Highly professional attitude to providing a quality service Excellent communication skills  both written and oral Ability to work in a team environment Ability to analyse large amounts of information paying careful attention to detail Strong organisation skills The role provides an excellent training scheme. Individuals will be part of a 9 week training period where you will be supported by mentors, managers and trainers. This is a fantastic opportunity to join an innovative and exciting business who can offer further development and responsibility within the duration of this position. If you are interested in this position, please email a copy of your current CV along with a letter outlining your reasons for applying to catherine.grocockrandstadfp.com. Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****