Title: Programme Finance Support
Webindex: 68996523
Company: Exxell Group
Description: Job title: Programme Finance Support Location: Biringham Salary: **** Per day Brief Vacancy Description Act as a partner to the Route Asset Management Organisation and their team with the management of all finance, commercial and business issues. Understand and challenge existing business and working practices and strive for continuous improvement at all levels. This post will report to the Programme Finance Manager. Detailed External Job Description Applicants must be conscientious with meticulous attention to detail. Candidates should also have good communication skills, work well as part of a dedicated team committed to performing at a high standard, have good verbal and numerical skills, and ability to manage time and activities to meet deadlines. The role includes, but is not exclusive to: Liaising with and supporting key stakeholders (providing consistent guidance and support) Validating and assuring the quality of investment submissions received. Supporting production of periodic investment panel packs and reporting. Supporting production and management of corporate records. Record Investment Panel minutes and actions for wider distribution. Provide financial and commercial support to RAM organisation with respect to all relevant activities to maintain financial integrity. Act as a link between budget holders and centralised accounting team in relation to the integrity of all financial data captured at source, management information produced and reported. Use this information to assist in improving management information Essential To be able to handle complex excel spreadsheets Student/part membership (or equivalent) of the relevant professional body or possession of sufficient experience to fulfil the requirements of the role without membership of the relevant professional body Desirable Experience of Oracle based systems Relevant experience within finance disciplines of external organisations We can only consider candidates who are on no more than one weeks notice period. Please only apply if you have the relevant experience and if you feel you are suitable for the role