Title: Finance Advisor
Webindex: 71756070
Company: YTKO
Description: Contract: Fixed term contract ending on 31st December 2014. Generic role of post: You’ll support both the underrepresented client groups served by our Outset programme and existing businesses who need information and help with accessing finance for their business, through the Outset Programme. You’ll deliver a rolling programme of many information events, provide 1:1 coaching with individual businesses to help them prepare their business plans and cashflow forecasts, introduce them to appropriate sources of finance, and provide postinvestment support to provide the first set of management accounts. Specific duties: • Responsible for planning, creating and managing a wide variety of innovative and awarenessraising activities to engage with existing businesses, working closely with the Marketing Manager. • Work with the team to deliver the Outset content, services and support in an integrated and seamless way. • Working in partnership with major or local partners, community organisations and stakeholders, and the private sector business infrastructure, particularly banks and accountants, with whom you will foster, develop and maintain excellent working relationships and mutual referrals. • Developing excellent working relationships with all sources of finance within the area and region, including CDFI, grants, debt and equity, and leveraging their involvement in the programme. • Planning and delivery of interactive1:many information workshops. • Delivery of 1:1 support and advice with respect to business and financial planning to help clients become more ‘finance ready’. • Facilitate introductions to lenders, supporting as necessary. • Provide ongoing support postfunding to help client with creation of first set of management accounts for lenders. • Responsible for capturing all appropriate client data and activities required by the Programme Manager, and support him/her in preparing accurate and informed claims and progress reports. • Deliver excellent client service at all times to clients, partners and funders. • To support the Programme Manager in working to make the project a Flagship for funders and the clients. • Proactively work to add or leverage additional value to and participation in the project, particularly through encouraging appropriately skilled and qualified individuals to help provide additional support Closing date: Wednesday 13th February 2013 If you wish to apply for this post, please download and complete the application form for the job. This should then be emailed to