Title: COMMERCIAL INSURANCE ACCOUNT HANDLER  HERTFORDSHIRE/NORTH LONDON
Webindex: 71138818
Company: Clark James Insurance And Financial Services Recruitment
Description: nbsp;Clark James Insurance Recruitment have a number of fantastic new opportunities to join an upwardly mobile, expanding and successful Insurance Brokers working in their busy Commercial Department as an account handler/broker and based in the south Hertfordshire / North London area. This is a very good size company who can offer excellent job security, so important in todays climate. As the company are looking to expand the team they will accept cvs for candidates with a year or two of Commercial broking experience as well as much more experienced brokers at a senior level, there is a good level of flexibility in terms of salary. You will be working in a modern and comfortable office with a really friendly and tight knit team who are fully focussed and loyal to the business. A good personality is important as this is a really enjoyable place to work with great morale. In this position you will be looking after an existing book of Commercial Business with a mixture of loyal SME clients taking care of enquiries, new business sales, midterm adjustments and renewals with a view of retaining a high number of customers by providing an excellent service to them. The business is truly customer focussed so developing relationships and keeping clients happy will be a strong point for you. The ideal candidate will have experience of a variety of Commercial Products or perhaps household Insurance and keen to learn the Commercial side and be looking for the right career move with a business who will reward and recognise hard work and commitment Clark James will fully support you should your application be progressed to an interview and will help you in every way to succeed with this. We have an excellent relationship with this particular client which will enable your CV to reach the top of the pile should you have the right experience. Salary is negotiable plus benefits and bonuses.