Title: PERM OR TEMP COMPLIANCE MANAGER – STRONG AML PRIVATE BANKING EXPERIENCE REQ’D
Webindex: 66699333
Company: Compliance Recruitment Solutions
Description: Our client, an International bank, is looking for a Compliance Manager to join as a number **** in their Private Banking division. Duties will include; bull; nbsp;Provide a proactive advisory service to management and staff in relation to Private Bank compliance issues. bull; nbsp;Ongoing review and adaptation of sales processes and procedures. bull; nbsp;Proactively nurture a strong compliance culture within the business. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Advise the Business on Customer Due Diligence issues to mitigate Financial Crime risks. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Promote compliance as a positive contribution to the success of the Bank. bull; nbsp;Maintain and review the Control Book to evidence implementation of applicable rules. bull; nbsp;Promote, review and assist the Business in ensuring compliance with the Group Code of Conduct. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Promote, review and assist the Business in ensuring compliance with the FSA rsquo;s TCF Principles. bull; nbsp;Ensure that all Financial Promotions are compliant with appropriate standards and codes. bull; nbsp;Ensure that all new/renewed Private Bank products are compliant with regulations/guidelines You should have solid compliance experience in private banking or wealth management with particularly strong knowledge of AML processes and procedures, whether gained in an inhouse Compliance department, a Consultancy or the Regulator. For further information or a confidential no obligation discussion, please feel free to call Chris Clarke on **** **** **** or send your details to him at chriscompliancerecruitment.com nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Compliance Recruitment Solutions Limited (CRS) are acting as an employment agency in relation to this role. nbsp; The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove that they are legally entitled to work in the UK. Through application, all candidates signify their acceptance of the above information and confirm that the information they provide is true and accurate to the best of their knowledge. nbsp;