Title: Head of Internal Controls
Webindex: 68493213
Company: Marks Sattin
Description: Exciting opportunity has arisen to join a internationally renowned FTSE 100 business for a highly talented Head of Internal Controls. With assurance and controls a major factor in the success of this business, you will have the opportunity to lead a niche, operationally focused team and liaise with senior level stakeholders. The role is ultimately accountable for improving the organization's controls environment. Critical to your success in the role will be ensuring a consistent approach to internal control by the global functions. In particular, the organization requires an individual who can demonstrate how they have developed, tested and implemented a diverse range of internal controls frameworks ideally with another large listed organization. This role will be responsible for continually improving and challenging the existing environment and as such will need someone who truly has a deep understanding of the full end to end controls environment. The successful incumbent will act as the interface between finance teams and the Head of Control to produce annual compliance plans, providing feedback, support and advice as required. You will have the opportunity to provide internal control support over financial reporting and guidance at all levels across the group. Liaising with senior functional heads requires an excellent communicator and an individual who is adept at managing multiple ongoing projects. It is expected that you will have a recognised accounting qualification (ACA/ACCA/ACMA) and have the ability to articulate complex control issues in a compelling manner that influences at all levels across the business. Post qualified experience and an understanding of SarbanesOxley is a pre requisite. In return, you will recieve an excellent base salary of up to ****  Car Allowance  Bonus and Benefits. For more information and the opportunity, to apply please don’t hesitate to get in touch quoting LGR ****