Title: EMEA Financial Accountant
Webindex: 72195907
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: McGinnis Loy Associates are proud to be working with a US Business Services company who are looking to recruit a talented Finalist/Newly Qualified EMEA Financial Accountant (Nordics) for their European team based here in Berkshire. Reporting to the EMEA Finance Manager, duties include: Producing US GAAP accounts for **** Nordic entities on a monthly basis Preparing accounts with commentary of unusual trends in the results. Producing quarterly statutory accounts with reconciliation to USGAAP, ensuring all filing is achieved on time Liaising with external country accounting firms to ensure consistency of financial submissions Preparing information to enable tax advisors to calculate Corporation tax, reconciling and preparing VAT returns Provide detailed balance sheet reconciliations for each entity, and monitor cash flow to ensure cash levels are maintained in line with corporate policy. Post all cash payments and receipts from online bank details. To be considered for the role, you should ideally be a Finalist or Newly Qualified Accountant (CIMA, ACCA or ACA) with proven technical European accounting skills and strong relationshipbuilding skills with external advisers / accountants. Fluency in one of the Nordic languages would be a distinct advantage, but is not a prerequisite for the role. Experience working within a corporate financial services or related finance house with FSA reporting skills would be very beneficial, with the ability to work in a handson and small UK team environment. On offer is a base salary to **** and holidays, company pension and healthcare. To apply for the position or for more information, please contact Leslie Fearn of McGinnis Loy Associates on N/A or email your CV to lfearn N/A For other opportunities in Finance / Accounting or HR Services within the Thames Valley region, please visit our website. McGinnis Loy Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy, in accordance with the Employment Agencies Act.