Title: E, C amp; I Maintenance Technician  c****k
Webindex: 72169211
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: E, C & I Maintenance Technician  to ****k Day Shift Cleveland The Job Opportunity This is an excellent job opportunity for an experienced Maintenance Technician to work in an exciting and challenging role, for a global engineering company, within the Cleveland area. This day shift role offers a Bonus scheme and overtime is available. Skills: Main Duties Responsible for maintaining electrical equipment and facilities and assisting with plant improvements as necessary. Planned preventative & reactive maintenance (PPM) Electric control and instrument maintenance and repair Ensuring all relevant replacement parts and stock are maintained. Multitasking and working efficiently to minimize plant downtime. Qualifications: Qualifications and Experience Required: Experience working at heights and in confined spaces. Experience with hydraulic and PLC controlled machinery Additionally, you must be adaptable, IT literate and have excellent communication skill ExecEngineers welcome applications from candidates of all ages. However, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Due to the high volume of applications we receive, unfortunately, we are unable to provide individual feedback on applications. We may also keep your details on file and contact you in the future regarding relevant career opportunities. PROFILE OF EXEC ENGINEERS RECRUITMENT ExecEngineers Ltd recruit for a plethora of permanent, temporary and interim jobs in the Technical Engineering & Manufacturing industries. Our key strengths lie within the Automotive, Aerospace, Chemical / Process, Pharmaceutical, Energy, Oil & Gas, Electronics, Software, Food & Drink, F.M.C.G and Marine markets. We place a broad spectrum of professionals from areas as diverse as design, purchasing, planning, maintenance, production, operations, management, supply chain, software development and hardware engineering. Follow us on Twitter execengineers Keywords: electrical control instrument maintenance