Title: Finance Manager  Interim  London & Paris
Webindex: 68696546
Company: Jobs@Pertemps   London City
Description: International firm is seeking an Interim Senior Finance Manager to be responsible for the day to day financial control and smooth running of the finance function within their two NonUK European offices. The Senior Finance Manager will be based in both Paris and London and the role will involve travel largely within Europe. This role combines commercial business partnering with local operational and statutory requirements including: ' Commercial business partnering to the Europe based partners and lawyers to drive improved office and client profitability member firms in support of Global strategy and overall global client profitability ' Driving a step change in working capital arrangements through improved forecasting, payments profiling and improved commercial terms with clients and efficient cash collection ' Reviewing and optimising local finance end to end processes to drive efficiencies and a step change in our service offering to the European offices ' The ongoing management and nurture of our stakeholder relationships ' Managing the integrity of accounting records, local accounting and the month end process. ' Operational responsibility for all areas of finance including billing, accounts payable and intercompany reconciliation ' Maintaining strong internal control environment and proactively identify and challenge areas for improvement. Particularly, assess the scope for the migration of certain processes to optimise and leverage the shared service centres. ' Management of the yearend audit, including preparation and submission of all local statutory/tax submissions. ' Responsibility for TVA submissions. ' Working in conjunction with Human Resources and Partner Services teams on all payroll and partner tax matters. ' Being the key contact point for the wider finance team on all European (nonUK) related matters such as budgetary and forecast preparation, monthly performance reviews, overhead variance analysis and other ad hoc projects The Senior Finance Manger will be degree educated, hold a professional accountancy qualification and have prior experience of reporting into an international company headquartered in the UK. Ideally trained in practice or within an established corporate.The Senior Finance Manager will also be fluent in spoken / written and business English and French. ONLY SHORT LISTED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONTACTED This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceManagerInterimLondonParis_job****