Title: Interim Recruitment Manager (13 months FTC), Banking
Webindex: 68689940
Company: Carr Lyons.
Description: Our client an expanding international bank, have an exciting opportunity for a Recruitment Manager to join them on a contract basis to cover maternity leave  initial contract term **** months, starting in February. As the Recruitment Manager you will manage an expanding team of 3 including experienced recruiters, there are some fantastic projects in the pipeline including the creation of a graduate recruitment programme. This is an excellent opportunity to join a firm that will offer you breadth of exposure, excellent projects in order to exercise creativity and deliver a real impact. Role duties:  To work closely with HR Business Partners, to ensure vacancies are filled with suitable candidates across all areas of the Bank at all levels and that recruitment activities meet the needs of the bank. Ensuring that the volume or opportunities are managed and delegated.  To manage the Bank's recruitment process from starttofinish  including the attraction of suitable candidates, selection methods, managing offers and on boarding.  Have overall responsibility for the Bank's online recruitment system  ensure it is correctly configured for HR, Business and Agency use. Work with HRIS and the external supplier to make changes and improvements as required.  Coordinate adhoc recruitment activities to support key strategic growth  Graduate recruitment, team hires and other programmes  Train and coach Line Managers in Recruitment methods through both onetoone coaching and through delivering training courses such as 'Interviewing Skills'.  Manage relationships and contracts with Recruitment Agents and Search firms.  Manage the Approved Supplier List (ASL)  ensure the ASL is performing, challenge nonperforming agencies, keep uptodate with the recruitment market to ensure the bank remains competitive and attractive to candidates.  Continue to develop the Recruitment proposition by playing a key part in the continuous improvement of Recruitment operations, processes, policies and team dynamics. Using appropriate forums to communicate and develop operational Recruitment requirements, and coach and guide Line Manager's access to the Recruitment service and how we work.  Explore other methods of attracting and recruiting candidates  job boards, direct hires, employee referral scheme, the banks jobs website etc.  Deliver regular management information and reports relating to recruitment activity  Create and manage a Graduate Recruitment Programme, from design to implementation and management. The successful candidate will have strong operational recruitment background ideally gained from within banking or otherwise financial services. This will include experience managing a PSL, Erecruitment systems and delivering improvement projects. Ideally you will have line management experience, though this is not essential, you will have the capability and demonstrate the ability to coach, mentor develop a team. You will need to be able to start in the by mid  late February, and commit to the full 13 month contract. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InterimRecruitmentManager13monthsFTCBanking_job****