Title: Pensions Systems Account Manager
Webindex: 69072360
Company: Alexander Lloyd
Description: A recognised leader in the UK Pensions industry is currently recruiting for an experienced Pensions Systems Account Manager to join its busy, Crawleybased team. Within this role, the incumbent s main responsibility will be to manage and develop a large portfolio of client accounts; ensuring that clients receive the agreed levels of service and that the contractual and financial arrangements between the two companies are being operated effectively and profitably. In addition, other key aspects of the role will include: o Support the definition, analysis and documentation of current and future technical business requirements o To develop and maintain the Access applications that are utilised within the department. o To assist in the bespoke development of robust, scalable and maintainable business applications in line with the requirements of the client o Prepare develop management information and financial reporting data as requested using programming tools. o To develop Excel/VBA calculation spreadsheets. o Communicate effectively with colleagues, third parties and senior managers at all points of the project lifecycle to ensure that systems and processes are developed to expected quality and schedule. o To be aware of and comply with requirements of regulatory and legal authorities and internal risk management frameworks and the need to treat customers fairly at all times. To be successful within this role, applicants will require the following experience: o Experience in working in a Technical IT environment within the Pensions industry. o An excellent understanding of Maths (Alevel standard), with strong analytical and problem solving ability. o Knowledge of Defined Benefit Pension schemes would be advantageous. o Ability to develop and manipulate data using Excel spreadsheets. o Ability to communicate clearly and concisely, both verbally and in writing, in a way that s appropriate to the audience. o Able to act as liaison between business and technical teams in respect of defining requirements, assisting testing and implementations. o Ability to focus on delivery and to work within deadlines and targets. In return, this role offers a competitive salary and a benefits package that includes a stakeholder Pension Scheme, an annual discretionary bonus, 23 days holiday and a fantastic flexible benefits scheme (including PHI and holiday upgrades and childcare vouchers). PTM1301185 Pensions Systems Account Manager is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, Advisors, Employee Benefits, Compliance, Pensions, Group Risk, Paraplanners, Sales Support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest.