Title: Tax Advisor  full or part time
Webindex: 68696686
Company: Alexander Kaye Recruitment Ltd
Description: Tax Advisor ****  Benefits Full or part time Our client is a leading company which offers good prospects and benefits. Plus a great team environment. They are seeking tax professionals with good interpersonal skills with a wealth of tax knowledge to join their advisory team. This is a role which is slightly different from norm but promises a wide variety of work and interaction with clients. You will be preferably knowledgeable on both corporation and personal tax. CTA/ATT helpful not essential. Key words: Leicester/Hinckley/Nuneaton/Tax assistant/Corporation Tax/Tax advisory/Roles in Practice. Please note we have other taxation roles in Nottingham/Derby/Loughborough and Leicester. So you’re looking for something new? Well you’ve certainly taken a big step in the right direction Whether you’re looking for the ideal job in accountancy / finance, or are a firm looking to recruit a high calibre new candidate, there’s noone better qualified than Alexander Kaye Recruitment to produce the successful result you’re looking for. And if you think that sounds confident, we’ve good reason to be. We’re immersed in your world; 22 years of experience gives us a deep understanding of exactly who and what you are looking for. By specialising in recruitment for accountancy, tax, auditing and a full range of financial positions, we have a deep understanding of your requirements. From AAT Trainees and SemiSenior Accountants to Salaried Partners for practices large and small. From Ledger Clerks to Financial Controllers and Finance Directors for SMEs to blue chip companies. Alexander Kaye Recruitment has the insight to provide the perfect match. We’d love the opportunity to help you in your search. Applying on our website is a great place to start, but only when we talk will you truly appreciate the qualities that enable Alexander Kaye Recruitment to deliver exactly what you are looking for. Areas we cover: Nottingham, Derby,Lincoln, Leicester, Burton, Mansfield, Loughborough, Birmingham www.alexanderkaye.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TaxAdvisorfullorparttime_job****