Title: Office Based Business Development Manager (****k OTE)
Webindex: 66342882
Company: Octopus Investments
Description: The Company Octopus Investments is an investment company with a difference: we have built a reputation for creating innovative and successful investment products to meet the needs of our investors. It is this approach, combined with excellent service and award winning product performance, which has made Octopus one of the fastest growing fund management companies in the UK. We invest in the worlds of venture capital, sport, media and renewable energy and we provide an energetic and vibrant working environment. The Team Octopus Investments is based in central London and currently has over **** staff. We are looking for talented sales professionals to join our established and growing telephone based sales team. The Role We are looking for highly motivated, articulate, commercial sales people with a passion for delivering exceptional customer service. Working closely with a fieldbased BDM you will have the brief to manage and develop existing relationships as well as uncover new business and grow market share. You will quickly gain an understanding of our products and learn how to work with our clients to identify opportunities to grow their business. This is a key role in the business where close cooperation with our investment managers, marketing department and clients is required to provide effective solutions. What we re looking for  Exceptional sales skills from any industry  A drive and commitment to exceed our customers service expectations  An inquisitive nature and the intelligence to understand our products inside and out What we have to offerRewards: An uncapped bonus structure that follows realistic financial targets Development: We are committed to invest in the development of our employees and offer regular guidance, training and the opportunity to gain relevant qualificationsExcitement: Working at Octopus Investments is a fast paced, high energy experienceTeam ethos: Over the past 10 years the people of Octopus Investments have built a brand that is continually enriched by the talent, integrity and team work at every level of the firmStability: Octopus is one of the few businesses that have continued to progress and expand despite the turbulent economic environment. Experiencing rapid growth in funds under management, Octopus has doubled in size since **** If this position sounds of interest and you are keen to apply please send a copy of your CV to ktayloroctopusinvestments.comalong with a short document (of no more than **** words) giving us your thoughts on what you feel are the three most important attributes required to be a successful sales person at Octopus Investments.