Title: Senior Pensions Technician
Webindex: 72115226
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: An excellent opportunity for an experience Pensions Administrator to join this growing division of a FTSE 100. This department is responsible for administering and progressing pension schemes through Wind Up, FAS transfer or the PPF Assessment period. Each team within the department is responsible for a portfolio of schemes. The following work is undertaken:  Update pension scheme member records  Provide high levels of customer service, communicating meaningful and relevant information/reports to scheme members, trustees, employers, financial advisers, lawyers, investment managers and suppliers  Liaise with other departments/agencies to ensure compliance with the legal and regulatory aspects of pensions administration  Calculate benefits and prepare projections and statements in line with scheme documentation to ensure the scheme is operated effectively  Use software to transfer and manipulate data from a variety of sources  Carry out a wide range of daytoday scheme administration  To achieve and maintain full accreditation in line with set quality model/standards  Act as a team mentor, being the first point of contact for technical query resolution and where appropriate, to arrange/provide appropriate training interventions.  To provide proactive technical support to the team/department  this should include identifying and driving initiatives to prevent quality issues from arising and taking full responsibility for the resolution of emerging quality issues (where these are unavoidable) in line with client/business requirements and best practice methodologies. Good knowledge and experience of defined benefit schemes is essential. In addition, knowledge of Wind Ups and in particular, the PPF assessment period, is preferred. Where windups experience is not present, it is essential that candidates have checking/mentoring experience as well as having being involved in data cleansing projects (GMP Reconciliations, Data Cleansing, Benefits Audits, etc) Excellent long term career development potential. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us