Title: Billing Supervisor
Webindex: 72457425
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: To support the Revenue Manager and assist the practice group to manage their working capital efficiently, reducing the level of work in progress, and ensuring compliance with the Firm's billing processes and policies. The role involves extensive Partner, Lawyer and PA contact within the Group. Management of Work in Progress Regular review of WIP balances with Partners and Lawyers for billing and housekeeping purposes (including circulation of regular reports). Perform regular review of WIP and report problematic files to the Revenue Manager and Business Manager. Attend regular meetings with Partners in the Group to ensure WIP is effectively managed and Group budgets are met. Gather accurate billing forecasts where this Detailed working knowledge of the Solicitors Accounts Rules and VAT compliance. Excellent communication skills (both written and oral), particularly at Partner level. Proactive involvement in WIP management and an understanding of the need for good Working Capital Management. Conscientious, methodical and excellent attention to detail. High level of knowledge of systems/ IT literacy including knowledge of Aderant and Carpe Diem (or other similar practice management and time recording system) as well as excellent Word and Excel skills. Sound Time Management skills and ability to work under pressure and to meet deadlines. High standards of professionalism and in particular, confidential A full service international law firm with offices throughout Europe, Asia and America. By focussing on developing specific expertise in market sectors the firm has become known for delivering work with the highest intelligent and market information. The role is paying between **** and **** Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BillingSupervisor_job****