Title: Sales Ledger and Reconciliation Clerk
Webindex: 71686253
Company: PaymentSense
Description: We have an exciting opportunity for a Sales Ledger and Reconciliation Clerk to join our business based in London paying up to **** PaymentSense is a rapidly expanding sales organisation providing Chip Pin services to small businesses. In the last 2 years we have gone from start up to the largest business of our type in the industry, and we re not finished there. Driven by a fantastic product, the latest technology and outstanding people, we ve developed a business and a culture which matches the huge ambition of the business. We are a Credit Debit Card Processor serving SME market. We have a strong financial backing founded by successful UK Entrepreneurs. We are a recession proof business in a rapidly growing market. Our headquarters is based in London, we have a intense but fun work culture. We have an exciting opportunity for a Sales Ledger and Reconciliation Clerk to join our business based in London . As our Sales Ledger and Reconciliation Clerk you will have good communication skills and be computer literate with high attention to detail . You will be ambitious, motivated by success with a positive mindset. You will also have a p roactive approach. Experience in s age Line **** is advantageous. You will also need minimum **** year experience in a similar role. Sales Ledger and Reconciliation Clerk Job Responsibilities include:  Production of Sales Invoices.  Reconciliation of Billing System and Accounting System.  Processing and maintaining monthly Direct Debit collection.  Resolving customer queries.  Credit control.  Entering all Bank Transactions onto Accounting System.  AdHoc analysis work from time to time.  Assistance with Month End:  Multiple Bank Account Reconciliation  Sales Ledger Reconciliations for all companies and issues resolved  Aged Debt Analysis including Bad Debt Provisions. Apply now to be our next Sales Ledger and Reconciliation Clerk and join us.