Title: Architect  User experience  File Transfer
Webindex: 71434680
Company: hyphen
Description: Role Description My large insurance company has an exciting opportunity on a 3 month contract working in Norwich, they are looking for a User Experience Architect to work within our dedicated Usability and Design team for Commercial  eCommerce programme. You will be the passionate customer champion responsible for creating optimum user experience on digital projects. My client is looking for someone with a solid understanding of user centred design (UCD) and will be able to communicate effectively to designers, developers and business stakeholders. Strengths will be in balancing customer needs with business goals to design information architecture (IA) and graphical user interfaces. You must have an innovative approach to interactive design, an interest in the latest trends and technologies, with a keen eye for detail. Key responsibilities include:  Translating project requirements into consistently highquality user interactions  Adopting best practice in usability and interface design and helping to promote this within the wider business areas  Working with designers, developers and project stakeholders to ensure prompt delivery of usable graphical interfaces  Presenting to project stakeholders  Planning and conducting usability testing sessions  Conducting user research to inform the UCD process.  Gathering and assimilating feedback from customers and users  Providing consultancylevel expert advice to the business on user experience issues Essential Knowledge and Skills  Experience working in a commercial, handson usability/UCD role  Knowledge of usability standard design software  Visio, Axure etc.  Confident in carrying out a range of research methods  heuristic reviews, card sorting, requirements gathering, competitor analysis, persona analysis etc.  Excellent skills in creating IA including wireframes, sitemaps, user journeys/scenarios, hi and lo fidelity prototypes for a varying range of Internet devices  Experience of facilitating and/or observing user testing and translating results into design decisions  Good working knowledge of accessibility standards  Experienced Internet user, knowledgeable of the latest trends  web 2.0, Online video, social networking, etc.  Clear and confident communicator across written, verbal and visual media with the ability to negotiate positive user outcomes  Experience of project based environments Desirable Knowledge and Skills  Ideally with a formal CI, Usability, UCD (or similar) qualification  Experience working in an agile project delivery environment hyphen.com Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ArchitectUserexperienceFileTransfer_job****