Title: Vendor Account Executive – UK, S Eng – ****  Asset Finance
Webindex: 72239748
Company: New Leaf Search Ltd
Description: Our client is seeking a Vendor Account Executive who will actively seek out new revenue opportunities and drive execution of transactions from both existing new vendor partners. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: Responsible for meeting and exceeding set sales volumes and all required targets. Identify relevant prospects and maximize revenue opportunities. Effective account management of vendor accounts. Manage all relationships successfully (internal and external). Work directly with the potential endusers to structure, price, negotiate, document and close the transaction. Engage in Business Development activities (as directed), to identify and win new Vendors and maximize revenue opportunities. Manage sales process in line with processes and best practice. Ensure all administrative, reporting and forecasting tasks are completed in a professional and timely manner. Ensure accurate forecasting. Build manage new business pipeline. Suggest and develop new product offerings relevant for enduser marketplace. Achieve and manage customer satisfaction as a competitive advantage. Build manage strategic client plans and drive execution. Leverage referrals/cross selling opportunities. Other duties, special projects, and special reporting as assigned. Be available to undertake such travel as the Company may require. PERSON SPECIFICATION: Drive, commitment and proactive approach. Be able to operate occasionally from a homeoffice, and / or vendor location. Excellent communication, interpersonal and influencing skills. Strategic Agility – aligns client’s objectives with the companies, manages opportunities to close pipeline, and keeps up to date with current trends and competitors. A good level of written and verbal communication. Manages internal and external resources successfully. Consultative problem solving. Engages in selfimprovement. Client focused, committed and capable. Ability to manage multiple tasks. An ability to work in a reasonably unsupervised manner on a day to day basis. We are keen to receive applications from candidates with proven relevant experience from the Leasing and Asset Finance industry only. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VendorAccountExecutiveUKSEng****AssetFinance_job****