Title: In House M A Specialist
Webindex: 69073381
Company: Marks Sattin
Description: In House M Identifying and evaluating areas for growth in both new and existing markets. Assessing opportunities for corporate development making recommendations for the acquisition of new businesses Reporting directly to board level making recommendations through providing commercial advice and producing adhoc analysis work. Working with cross functional senior management team to explore opportunities to expand sales both nationally and internationally. Adhoc projects  E.G loyalty scheme incentives, conducting both financial and commercial due diligence with financial modeling and scenario planning. The successful candidate will; Have an exceptional Academic background with a minimum 2.1 degree from a reputable university  Preferably 1st class Hold a professional qualification (ACA, CIMA, ACMA) Have worked in a professional services environment in an analytically driven team such as corporate finance or restructuring. Have the tenacity and desire to advise senior personnel within a business when making important decisions for the business' future. Possess exceptional analytical skills with strong MS Excel experience. Be ambitious with the desire to assist in the rapid growth of this business building your own role in line with this. Excellent interpersonal skills, particularly around influencing and negotiation  the right candidate will be able to advise and build relationships at every level and sector within the business. If you would like to be considered for this role please apply immediately as we are expecting a high level of response for this role. As the business requires this position ASAP. The process is expected to move relatively quickly to counter any long notice period you may need to adhere to. Please forward a copy of your CV and covering letter to [contact details removed] or alternatively call [contact details removed] for a confidential discussion on career opportunities.