Title: Bank Billing Clerk
Webindex: 69800309
Company: HEALTHCARE AT HOME LTD
Description: Role Objective: To ensure that Orders are Invoiced in a timely manner, and to help as necessary within the Billing and Invoice processing Teams, jointly ensuring that invoices created and as requested to ensure that they are sent to our Customers in both a timely and accurately manner with effective backup. Responsibilities include:  To support the Billing Team Leader and Manager, ensuring that we deliver a first class billing service.  To ensure that orders are Invoiced in a timely and efficient manner  To ensure, when required, that Invoices are collated and sent to our customers both timely and accurately.  When required, to actively match Invoices to printed delivery notes, batching and enveloping.  When required,to ensure that all monthly reports are collated and sent out with supporting delivery notes.  Query Resolution  Joint delivery of departmental KPI's.  To carry out any other reasonable duties within the overall function, commensurate with the grading and level of responsibility of the job. Experience: The role holder will have experience in the following: Experience of Sales ledger functions, ie.Invoicing, journal entry. Communication skills both written and verbal. Personal Skills Qualities: A self starter with the ability to use own initiative to resolve problems Shows commitment to getting the job done in a proactive and enthusiastic manner. Competent MS office user Strong analytical skills, looking to resolve problems A strong team player. Key Competencies: Planning and Organising Teamwork Problem Solving Relationship Management Delivering Results Decision Making This is a description of the job as it is presently constituted. It is our practice to review all job descriptions regularly and update them where necessary to ensure that they are a true reflection of the job which is being done, or to incorporate changes where they are found to be inaccurate. This procedure is conducted jointly by the manager and the job holder. You will therefore be expected to participate fully in such discussions with a view to reaching agreement on any changes felt to be necessary. If agreement is not possible, management reserves the right to insist on changes to your job description in line with your grade/level in the organisation, after consultation with you. Healthcare at Home is an Equal Opportunities Employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BankBillingClerk_job****