Title: Greenfield Server Side Java Developer, Cross Asset Financial Risk Data, Big Data/Hadoop
Webindex: 70220481
Company: Not disclosed
Description: Greenfield Server Side Java Developer / Programmer / Software Engineer / Architect, Finance, Banking, Market Data, Risk, Fixed Income, Credit, Equities, Derivatives, Big Data, Highly Scalable Distributed Systems, Hadoop, Hive, HBase, Pig, Cassandra, NoSQL, HazelCast, MongoDB, Hibernate, Spring, Agile, Scrum, TDD, Continuous Integration, Open Source Prior financial knowledge and big data expertise are NOT required for this role although may prove advantageous. Join a small team of expert Java developers building a cutting edge, highly scalable greenfield crossasset financial risk extremely bright, passionate technologists who are active in the technology community, and who include alumni from universities such as Cambridge, Warwick and Bath. The team is highly collaborative with everybody s ideas being taken on board. They are looking for two further Java software engineers to join them and as there is two headcount, they are flexible on the number of years experience they require from each hire (with a slight preference for midlevel). Their systems pull in vast amounts of data and information across a wide range of products/ asset classes, which is then built into quantitative models and visualised. They are engineered to a very high standard, based mainly on server side core Java **** and big data technologies (Hadoop, MapReduce etc.), behind an HTML5 front end for visualisation. The work is greenfield and still at early stages, with many design and architecture decisions still to be made, and the team will be looking to the new hires for input. What they are building is also unique to them. They take an agile / TDD / continuous integration approach, and make use of the latest and best Open Source technologies wherever they can / need to. ESSENTIAL requirements:Excellent core server side Java, expertise with areas like multithreading / concurrency etc.Passion for technology and desire to work within a fast paced, challenging environment BENEFICIAL skills / experience:Experience of building highly scalable platforms and working with large amounts of dataFinance background, e.g. with Risk experience, knowledge of Fixed Income, Credit, Equities, Derivatives Big Data (e.g. Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, HBase )HTML5/JavaScript/CSS (bonus)Extracurricular technical pursuits and a real interest in technology e.g. reading books/blogs, attending talks/conferences, contributing to open source etc., certifications/qualifications Greenfield Server Side Java Developer / Programmer / Software Engineer / Architect, Finance, Banking, Market Data, Risk, Fixed Income, Credit, Equities, Derivatives, Big Data, Highly Scalable Distributed Systems, Hadoop, Hive, HBase, Pig, Cassandra, NoSQL, HazelCast, MongoDB, Hibernate, Spring, Agile, Scrum, TDD, Continuous Integration, Open Source Please apply or call ****