Title: Business Recovery Relationship Manager
Webindex: 67812662
Company: Empiric Solutions
Description: A fantastic opportunity is currently available for a Business Recovery Relationship Manager to work for a leading Investment Bank. This is a lucrative contract opportunity for an experienced Investment Banking professional. Applicants must speak fluent French. The ideal candidate will be expected to confidently carry out the following skills and competencies: Ensure business recovery strategies and plans are appropriate and tested across EMEA. Ensure Business units across EMEA are compliant to BCM and other policies. To ensure incident management awareness is maintained at all levels across all Divisions. Manage and deliver recovery activities in response to unplanned events. Ensure financial control and equitable cost allocations. Ensure commercial consideration is given to business continuity costs versus the benefit and risks being covered. Working with EMEA Property Operations teams to ensure adequate building resilience is in place or adequate mitigating controls and processes are in place where resilience not adequate. Extensive experience of business and operational processes in Financial Markets industry. (Must include Investment Banking experience) Extensive Project Management experience in the Financial Markets industry. (Must include Investment Banking experience) Extensive Business Continuity knowledge in the Financial Markets industry. (Must include Investment Banking experience) Fluent French Speaking  Mandatory Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to communicate at the most senior level and understand the business sufficiently to mitigate resilience risk Knowledge of global regulatory issues relating to BCM Ability to work effectively under crisis pressure and lead incident management teams at the CEO level. Ability to work with limited supervision, proactively build relationships with departments and other offices and communicate the importance of business continuity at the most senior level. Excellent planning and organising ability. Ability to travel in order to support global offices. Financial awareness and management. For more info please email your CV or contact me. Empiric is a global provider of niche and specialist recruitment services operating across Investment Banking, Oil Gas, Engineering, IT and Industry Commerce. Our expert knowledge of the market and strong working relationships with our clients has enabled us to become the preferred supplier to over **** global corporations.