Title: Accounts Payable / Accounts Assistant (Sales / Purchase Ledger)
Webindex: 68807645
Company: EasyWebRecruitment
Description: Accounts Payable / Accounts Assistant (Sales / Purchase Ledger) Our client is a specialist technology company; their solutions allow businesses to engage more effectively with their customers. They have grown rapidly during the last 5 years adding an increased number of solutions to their platform. The diverse range of technologies and their continued growth mean that our client can offer you an exciting and varied career. Position: Purchase Ledger Clerk (Temporary) Location: Hemel Hempstead Duration: 912 Months Fixed Term Contract (to cover maternity leave)) Salary: ****k  ****k per annum pro rata ROLE: The Accounts Payable / Accounts Assistant will work with the PPP Team Leader to ensure that all Purchases, Payables and Payments accounting, reconciliation and reporting processes (purchase cycle duties) are performed to the highest standard and to the agreed timetable. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Action supplier orders, invoices and payments accurately and to agreed timescales. b) Process telecoms call detail records and related expense imports accurately and to agreed timescales. c) Reconcile supplier statements and control accounts accurately and to agreed timescales. d) Process employee expenses and credit card transactions accurately and to agreed timescales. e) Maintain private vehicle mileage, MOT and Insurance records in line with Company policy and HMRC guidance accurately and to agreed timescales. f) Process travel and accommodation bookings accurately and to agreed timescales. g) Maintain month end stock, stock provision and stock accrual reconciliations accurately and to agreed timescales. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Experience of purchase cycle operation within a dynamic midsized accounts team (**** people) preferably within an IT/technology organisation. b) Demonstrate good accounting and analytical skills (able to use logic and reasoning in solving problems and dealing with issues effectively). c) Able to use Excel to an intermediate level. d) Demonstrate strong time management/organisational skills, able to work in a deadline and target driven environment. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Travel booking and administration experience. b) Great Plains software. You may have experience of the following: Accounts Assistant, Sales Ledger, Billing Analyst, Credit Controller, Purchase Ledger, Accounts Receivable, Trainee Accountant, Invoice Administrator, Finance Assistant, Bookkeeper, Credit Control, Accounts Payable etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.