Title: Finance Business Support Manager
Webindex: 67098610
Company: Robertson Bell
Description: LSBU was established in 1892 and has over **** students making it one of the largest in London. It provides top quality learning and teaching, underpinned by relevant research, delivered in an environment focused on the needs of its students and the needs of the London economy and its global counterparts. We are committed to providing courses that equip students for future employment, and maintaining close links with industry and the local community. The financial track record of the University is strong, with an underlying financial surplus last year of ****m. Reporting to the Head of Financial Planning and Analysis, the Business Support Manager will work closely with the Executive Dean and Heads of Department to ensure financial information is clearly understood and influence and encourage them to make informed and timely financial decisions; Play a leading role in the planning, budgeting and forecasting process and support individual budget holders to prepare annual budgets and update quarterly forecasts; Support the management team to analyse and interpret financial and nonfinancial information across all areas of the business; Monitor actual income and expenditure against budget/forecast, investigating and reporting key variances in relation to underlying cost drivers; Advise on financial performance to budget holders and senior management; Advise the faculty and departments on financial matters and procedures; Work with the central finance team to deliver continuous improvement to all financial processes and procedures, ensuring maximum efficiency and effectiveness; Support the ProDean (Enterprise) where necessary to develop and deliver the Faculty’s strategic Plan and Enterprise Strategy, including the management of HEIF budgets; Assist the Executive Dean in the development of costing and pricing strategies for the faculty/department business; Support the Head of Financial Planning and Analysis with central reporting and preparing management reports; Undertake staff development activity to enable the role’s other responsibilities to be met. The successful candidate will be a bright, proactive and enthusiastic, fully qualified accountant with excellent management accounting knowledge and sufficient experience and strength of personality to influence decision makers in a demanding environment. Previous accounting experience should ideally encompass management accounting, budgeting, forecasting and planning. You should also have strong communication skills, both written and verbal and be comfortable dealing with senior nonfinance colleagues. Applications are welcome from those within the Commercial, Public and third sectors, as are individuals from a practice environment looking to get into industry. This is an exciting role within a sector that is going through unprecedented change. Please apply now. Interviews are scheduled to take place week commencing the 4th Feb. All applications will be forwarded to our retained search agents, Robertson Bell Ltd.