Title: Pricing Actuary  Life Health
Webindex: 70678026
Company: VISIR
Description: A leading Reinsurer is looking to recruit a senior student or nearly / newly qualified actuary to join their innovativePricing team. Key responsibilities; middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Coordinating the pricing of treaty quotations and ensuring they are conducted on the agreed basis and within the specified service standards. This includes liaising with and ensuring correct information has been obtained from the client, analysing experience data, proposing a pricing basis, documentation of basis, checking of rates and drafting tender responses. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Coordinating and carrying out mortality, morbidity and lapse experience investigations on inforce treaty business, reporting on findings and recommending any changes required to treaty terms and conditions. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Assisting in the supervision and development of Actuarial Analysts. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Reviewing and checking the work of other members of the Actuarial Pricing department for accuracy, correct methodology and overall reasonableness. Sign off on treaty rates calculations for quotations in line with the department procedure notes as updated from time to time. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Dealing with day to day client queries, including queries on treaties, participating in client review meetings where required and attending relevant industry meetings. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Pricing of manual quotations in accordance with procedures and within the specified service standards. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Developing knowledge of life, health and group products and the reinsurance industry. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Assisting with pricing and research investigations, reporting on the findings and the impact on pricing guidelines. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Understanding, developing and checking programs and systems used in the department, including MoSes based pricing tools and the programs used for experience investigations. UK Life office experience would be an advantage, especially pricing experience. nbsp; However, consideration would be given to candidates from other backgrounds if they can demonstrate strong knowledge of UK protection products. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; bull; nbsp;Strong Excel skills are essential. Good Access and MoSes (or Prophet) skills would also be preferred, but not an absolute requirement. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; bull; nbsp;Experience of interpreting and communicating the results of experience analyses to identify important features would put candidates at a strong advantage. nbsp; Please apply online for immediate consideration