Title: Complaince and Anti Money Laundering Officer
Webindex: 71190054
Company: Howard James Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client are an international Financial Services company and due to growth of the business they are now looking to recruit an experienced Compliance and Anti Money Laundering Officer to join there busy team in Qatar. The role is duel focused, split into compliance and Money Laundering Reporting, the primary focus of each is: Compliance Officer: Is responsible for overseeing our clients Systems and controls for compliance with legislation applicable and reporting to the board of directors. You will have unrestricted access to all relevant records, to the board of Directors and Senior Management. Money Laundering Reporting Function: You will be responsible for overseeing our clients compliance with all relevant Anti Money Laundering legislation and reporting this back to the board of Directors. Main responsibilities: Liaising with Regulators : Processing applications for the registration and withdrawal of Approved Individuals: overseeing the submission of periodic reports and returns; and providing information upon request. Staff Training and Advice : Designing and delivering staff training on what must or must not be done to ensure that they and our client comply with applicable legislation; compliance induction training; briefing management on special compliance issues and any anticipated changes. Administering and overseeing procedures : Permitted activities; rule breaches; conflicts management including individual's outside business interests, inducements, personal account transactions; communication and marketing; client acceptance; submission of regulatory returns; notification to the QFCRA and complaints handling. Record Keeping : Controllers; Senior Management apportionment; Approved Individuals; breaches; fitness and propriety; complaints; training and competence; conflicts identification and management, communications and marketing materials; Client notices, agreements and related documentation; periodic statements; regulatory returns; notifications made; QFCRA correspondence and individuals' declarations and undertakings. Compliance Infrastructure and Management Reporting : Identifying and assessing compliance risk; designing and implementing appropriate policies, procedures, systems and controls; maintaining compliance manuals and related documentations up to date; carry out compliance monitoring and surveillance; reporting to the board of Directors and Senior Management on the appropriateness and effectiveness of our clients systems and controls and overseeing the progress as to any required enhancements. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Compliance/ Anti Money Laundering professional who is looking to work within Financial Services in a thriving economy. Based in Qatar, the role pays ****  ****k GBP and offers excellent benefits. For more information or indeed to apply for this exciting opportunity please send your current CV to responsehowardjames.co.uk or call **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComplainceandAntiMoneyLaunderingOfficer_job****