Title: Corporate Actuary
Webindex: 69641776
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Corporate Actuary A leading international financial services organisation with over 20 million customers worldwide. We are committed to the highest standards and we support our diverse, talented workforce by encouraging them to reach their full potential. The role of the Senior Actuarial Technician/Actuary is to: Support the Senior Corporate Actuary  Head of ALM to meet UK's actuarial needs with regards to assetliability management, investments, including relevant risk management, and meeting policyholder Support the Senior Corporate Actuary  Head of ALM in Unit Linked related matters, such as overseeing unit pricing process. Deliver management information regarding marketrelated risks and support in designing/recommending strategies to the Senior Corporate Actuary manage these risks. Support the Head of ALM in key work streams and be able to lead on certain key work in his/her absence. General Accountabilities: ALM Assist in identification and development of appropriate ALM/investment strategies for the company's UK's liabilities segments. Provide support for the Hedging program activities for UK, including reviews and implementation of new hedges. Support in the regular review of the existing Hedge strategies (eg GAO) and develop a strong understanding Hedge strategies and effectiveness Support in the annual review of the Investment Management Agreement (Portfolio Policies and Parameters) for externally managed Funds. Provide/support ALM team reporting requirements and templates to Corporate and for Committees. Provide ALM support for strategic projects involving consideration of appropriateness of asset transfers given liability profiles. Update and maintain documentation (ISDAs, CSAs, CCATs, SSIs) supporting hedging activities. Supporting the updating of the ALM risk policies (ALM, ARM and Credit Risk Management), including annual review of Business Group Operating Guidelines. Provide support for overseeing the Unit Pricing process for UK, including regular monitoring of the process and ensure this is in line with the Unit Linked Technical Guide Supporting the update of the Unit Linked Technical Guide and relevant policies Supporting the review and correction of any Unit Pricing issues as and when they arise Provide support on Audit and Compliance investigations. Ensure that Management Information produced is accurate, timely and relevant for committees and groups Develop and maintain relationships with Corporate Investments office, Corporate Risk office, Actuarial and Investment departments as well as external relationships with suppliers. Participate in ALM projects and process initiatives alongside other subject matter experts Ensuring compliance with the Asset Liability Management Risk and associated operating guidelines. Ensure compliance and understanding of all relevant company UK policies, Technical Actuarial Standards and Business Group Operating Guidelines. Fellow of the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries with at least one or two years of ALM related experience (essential) Experience in ALM and Hedging Activities (essential) Strong insurance background and understanding of liabilities of a UK insurer (essential) Some experience gained from working in actuarial valuations (desirable) High level of understanding of risk drivers within an Insurers balance sheet and capital frameworks (desirable) Understanding of the Unit Linked Pricing (desirable) Be able to work independently and use own initiative (essential) Excellent organisational, interpersonal and communication skills (essential) Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location