Title: Finance Manager  Salisbury  ****k
Webindex: 72661474
Company: Sauce Recruitment Ltd
Description: A small but growing media/retail organisation based in Salisbury with offices globally is looking for an individual to join their team. This role will lead the finance function and is ideal for an individual looking to develop their career as there is a huge opportunity for a dynamic accountant who proves themself. This business is well established and a market leader in their field but still operates a lean back office function. Therefore they require someone who can span all areas from being handson in providing all the financial information through to providing commercial and strategic support. The company want to take the opportunity to overhaul their finance function, implementing new processes and procedures and developing the reporting information provided to the senior management. The head office is based in the Salisbury area but also have offices in London and across the globe so there may be an element of travel required. The company is looking for a qualified accountant who wants to grow with a company, as they are currently implementing (and succeeding) in a growth strategy. The role will offer you the opportunity to get directly involved in the business, influencing decisions and facilitating business growth. Ideally you will have worked within a Retail or product based company. However an individual from practice will also be considered. The successful candidate will be confident, have drive, be flexible and have the ability to adapt within a dynamic, growing and ever changing company. The role:  Management of an Accounts Assistant  Preparation of all financial and management accounts for UK company and International subsidiaries  Consolidation of accounts  Development of the weekly and monthly reporting pack to include sales, revenue, costs etc  Preparation of business plans, budgets, and forecasts  Implementation of strategic initiatives  Development of the current accounting system to produce robust and useful reports for management decisions  Develop product pricing models and guide of pricing strategies  Stock control  Implementation of processes, procedures and controls  Intercompany accounting/reconciliations  Control of the Foreign exchange payments  Scenario based modelling on costs, revenue and risks The person:  Fully qualified accountant (ACCA/ACA/CIMA or equivalent)  ‘Can do’ attitude, highly motivated and adaptable with change  Strong communication and influencing skills  Strong analytical skills who is highly skilled in the use of Excel  Commercially focused with strong technical skills  Enthusiastic with lots of energy to help drive change  Retail, Media, FMCG experience would be highly beneficial  Proficient in the use of Sage Line ****