Title: Senior Manager  Initiation Risk Data Systems
Webindex: 66643105
Company: Reed Specialist Recruitment
Description: There is an opportunity to join the risk data systems function within a large Financial Services organisation. They are looking for a Senior Manager for their initiation team. The initiation teams role is to work with the frontline business, Risk change and IT to deliver change across Risk Data Systems assets specifically, the risk data warehouses supporting regulatory reporting and internal data analysis. This role involves quality assurance of both the requirements and design. Where necessary the team also facilitate the capture and definition of requirements. Your Responsibilities will be: Manage, develop and motivate colleagues to create a high performance team. Act as the single point of initiation for Risk Data Systems for the Risk Change Team and IT. Assure the design and use of Risk Data Systems assets meets the areas strategic vision and project requirements Act as a senior source of expertise for the Risk Data Systems assets. Define and monitor the teams policies and procedures. Build and maintain a cross functional internal network with other teams to deliver business benefit. They are looking for people with the following: Proven track record in change for reporting and analysis and or data warehouse development. Ability to influence at senior levels Ability to build relationships and communicate effectively at all levels Have demonstrated ability to prioritise heavy workloads and time frames Strong documentation and written communication skills Ability to communicate data concepts clearly and effectively An ability to think strategically and see the bigger picture Proven commercial understanding of Risk for Wholesale Banking. Business Intelligence requirement methodologies Data warehouse design methodologies Management Information and Analysis production and delivery Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business.