Title: Financial Accountant  9 Month Maternity Leave
Webindex: 72451262
Company: Astute Recruitment Limited
Description: My client is a global business with a well known brand. They are looking for a financial accountant to cover for maternity leave to work in a small team of **** You will be supporting the team working on the financial reporting for a number of UK Subsidiary companies. Key duties will include preparation of the annual statutory accounts under UK Gaap; liasion as required with the external auditors aswell as other relevant departments including Tax Department and Transaction Processing Teams; Production of the annual statutory filings for the Group's subsidiary companies. Its essential that you will have experience of reviewing and understanding trial balances extracted from the IT system used and being able to identify errors and discrepancies; Completion of reconciliations from the general ledger balance sheet accounts codes; Preparation of the annual statutory accounts under UK Gaap; Corordinating information required by the tax tean as part of the year end process; ensure accurate filings made for the Inland Revenue for each statutory entity. You will have 2 years relevant accounts experience and be AAT Qualified, Part qualified ACCA, Part Qualified CIMA or equivalent studier, Qualified By Experience, or a fully qualified accountant This is a 9 month maternity leave contract which could be extended further and its essential that you will be happy to commit to the full duration of the contractExcellent benefits apply including 25 days holiday plus statutory bank holidays. Please apply withyour CV and full contact details to Mary Maguire at Astute Recruitment as soon as possible. EssentialDuties and Responsibilities – (KeyActivities)  Review and understand monthly trialbalances extracted from PeopleSoft through enquiry and challenge of unusual andunexpected items.  Completion of Blacklinereconciliations for a number of Peoplesoft general ledger balance sheet accountcodes which the Europe Financial Reporting team have responsibility formonitoring and completing.  Preparation of annual statutoryaccounts under UK GAAP, including liaison with the Group tax department, Grouptreasury, Company Secretariat and external auditors.  Coordination of the informationrequired by the Group tax department as part of the year end tax compliancerequirements on the annual statutory accounts for subsequent filing with theInland Revenue.  Ensure statutory accounts haveappropriate and accurate iXBRL tagging for the Inland Revenue year end taxfiling requirements for each statutory entity.  Knowledge of UK GAAP.  Participate in projects and completead hoc tasks, as and when required. **** REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS Education AATqualified (or equivalent). Experience Minimum 2 years experience in a financial reporting environment, either within theaccountancy profession or in industry. Experience of producing financial statements under UK GAAP required. Exposure to the challenges of working in aglobal organisation preferred. PeopleSoftand Caseware experience an advantage. Technical skills and knowledge  Knowledge of UK GAAP  Proficiency in PeopleSoft, Caseware andMicrosoft Office products  Ability to develop and maintainworking partnerships in a global organization  Flexible and able to respond to shortdeadlines  Good verbal and written communicationskills  Good analytical and problem solvingskills  Ability to work independently and withina team 2. ACCOUNTABILITY Number ofemployees supervised: None Annualoperating and/or payroll budget(s) : N/A Decisionmaking responsibilities ( Key DecisionRights)  Responsiblefor the timely production of subsidiary statutory accounts. **** CONTACTS(Key Relationships) Internal KeyRelationships Thisposition has close contact with the Director of Financial Reporting Europe andother team members, VP Global Financial Reporting, the Group reportingconsolidation team, the Group tax department, Group treasury and Company Secretariat. In addition, regular contact will be neededwith members of the Global Process teams, in particular the Account to Closeteam. External KeyRelationships Auditors,and tax advisors. 5. PHYSICALREQUIREMENTS WorkEnvironment Primarywork is performed in a normal office environment at corporate facilities. Sometravel may be required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialAccountant9MonthMaternityLeave_job****