Title: Senior Project Accountant (4 Month FTC)
Webindex: 72445988
Company: Minstrell Recruitment Ltd
Description: Senior Project Accountant (4 Month FTC) The role will be required to liaise with the Reporting Accountant and Senior Project Accountant to ensure contracts are reported in a timely fashion into the Business Unit (BU) management reporting (i.e. management accounts, forecasts, budgets, strategic plan etc.) and comply with adhoc reporting requests. Responsibilities:  Monthly reconciliation of order book for relevant contracts.  Preparation and collation of financial information for contract review documents, and presentation of information at these monthly reviews, addressing outputs (e.g. risk register changes) as part of contract financial models.  Preparation of contract estimated actual costs of completion (EAC’s).  Completion of Balance Sheet reviews for all relevant contracts.  Preparation of cash forecasts within contract models, including working capital analysis and basis of WIP calculations.  Presentation of financial information for management accounts, forecasts, budgets, strategic plan etc Qualifications Requirements:  Numerically literate and able to understand and manipulate financial models.  High level of computer literacy on both corporate and Microsoft based applications.  ACA/ACCA/ACMA qualified.  Ability to ensure deadlines and targets are achieved if not surpassed.  Ability to present and explain data clearly concisely.  Good working understanding of Long Term accounting principles.  Has appropriate management accounting experience within public or private commercial organisations.  Investigative / enquiring mind to ensure reporting is both comprehensive and expansive.  Fluent at interpreting a wide range of financial information and can use this to determine action plans.  Proven experience of analysing and interpreting financial information.  Track record of ability to manage contract performance to budgets and forecasts, and using excellent written and oral skills, provide sound variance analysis.  Experience of commercial issues and corporate awareness in relation to costs, risks margins and business opportunities.  Experience of bid work.  Ability to assess business risk issues and mitigating actions. Applicants will need to satisfy MoD security requirements Please apply direct. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorProjectAccountant4MonthFTC_job****