Title: Funds Controls Analyst
Webindex: 68684776
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: Exciting opportunity for an experienced Funds Controls Analyst based at our office in Bristol. The successful candidate will be responsible for providing technical expertise on the characteristics of funds and to implement controls in their operation with respect to unit pricing and other investment operations activity. Responsibilities include;  Act as investment operations in respect of fund launches changes and closures, including attendance at Fund Events meeting.  Act as an investment operations in respect of asset transfers to support the Transitions Manager.  Support the design, development and maintenance of a secure and robust database of fund information.  Define, document and, where appropriate, implement controls to ensure that data held in relation to funds is accurate and consistent  Define, document and, where appropriate, implement controls to ensure that fee payments and rebate receipts are validated and processed accurately and in a timely fashion.  Create an SLA templates  Monitor operational performance of external fund managers to ensure that all operational matters are carried out in accordance within the agreed SLAs. Escalate issues as appropriate.  Deliver operational support to the team, ensuring that all daily tasks are completed to time and quality, including controls matrix, reconciliations, reservations and box management. Skills and Experience required;  Educated to A Level/Degree standard and / or IAQ / FPC qualified or equivalent work experience.  Significant technical knowledge of investment instruments, such as UTs, OEICs and SICAVs  Knowledge of Investment Administration and Policy Admin systems  Able to demonstrate an understanding of unit pricing practices, inputs and influences  Proven track record in successfully managing fund manager relationships, ensuring their delivery against Service Level Agreements  Proven track record of sustained technical knowledge and experience within a Life and Pension Investment Administration Dept  Proven ability to control large volumes of data with meticulous attention to detail  Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to build relationships and negotiate with people at all levels both internally and externally  Strong leadership and communication skills, being able to motivate, and encourage team members, as well as being able to deliver both encouraging and difficult messages  Strong analytical skills, having the ability to analyse issues, present solutions and resolve problems  Strong time management skill, ensuring service levels are met and also having the ability to reprioritise deliverables and workload at short notice We prefer all applications to be submitted on line, however if you require an alternative method of applying please contact the Resourcing team using the telephone number provided. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FundsControlsAnalyst_job****