Title: Accounts Payable / Purchase Ledger Team Leader
Webindex: 68694331
Company: Vitae Financial Recruitment
Description: Job title: Purchase Ledger / Accounts Payable Team Leader Location: Hatfield, United Kingdom Salary: ****K  Excellent benefits Job Type: Permanent The Company: Our client is a high performing, fast moving company who will provide a good challenge to the role holder. A stable career within a good working environment lies ahead for a candidate of the right calibre. The Role: As a Purchase Ledger / Accounts Payable Team Leader, you will be looking after a team of Purchase Ledger clerks. Holding a vital role in the finance team, you will be contributing to overall success of the business. Main duties will include:  Motivating a team to work to the highest of standards and optimising output levels.  Communicating to business and suppliers in regards to overdue payments and missing invoices.  Managing supplier relationships and dealing with any queries and discrepancies.  Attending all internal meetings, dealing with any escalated issues.  Categorising and monitoring spend on all suppliers and that all suppliers are paid accordingly to agreed terms.  Ensuring that all employee expenses are authorised and reimbursed correctly and promptly, that all overhead costs are coded to the appropriate cost centres.  Proactively look for improvements to the current system.  Assisting with monthly accounting periods, audits, KPI's and departmental policies and procedures. The Person:  A highly motivated individual who has experience large purchase ledger and purchase ledger systems  A fast thinker, able to simplify the most complex of problems.  A strong personality, capable of leading a team.  As a confident communicator you will thrive upon change, relish a challenge and have proven experience in making a positive impact in your previous roles. AGY  Vitae Financial Recruitment We Exist To Be Different  Membership NOT Registration This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsPayablePurchaseLedgerTeamLeader_job****