Title: Commercial Actuary
Webindex: 72338064
Company: AIG
Description: Over 2012, positive RAP has been generated across the Europe business by actuarial. As an example, within Casualty lines the remediation of Denmark WC and UK Municipalities was driven out of analysis undertaken by the European actuarial team, in collaboration with other relevant stakeholders. These 2 new roles will generate further positive RAP by increasing our focus on the pricing, portfolio analytics and profitability study aspects of our Financial Lines and Property/Energy portfolios. Working closely with regional and global colleagues in actuarial and profit centres, the role holders will aim to perform a range of analyses that transform data into insights and ultimately into better, and RAP generative, business decisions. The role holders will also contribute to a stronger governance framework across Financial Lines and Property/Energy by their involvement in reserving and capital processes, ensuring that the financial health of Chartis Europe Ltd remains strong and that appropriate evidence is available to support that financial health when challenged by internal and external stakeholders, such as PWC/FSA. Purpose of the role: The Commercial Lines Actuary for Europe will help provide support to the Commercial Lines profit centres, providing pricing analysis and granular performance monitoring. The role will also assist in producing the first cut of the reserving work which will be overseen by the corporate actuaries. Accountabilities for the role:  Assist in providing the Commercial Lines profit centres with actuarial support they require to profitably grow their business and take remedial action where needed.  Produce pricing analysis of Commercial Lines accounts within agreed timescales.  In coordination with the actuarial pricing team, monitor rates at renewal and new business, ensure technical pricing models are in place and reviewed regularly and that any deviation is justified and monitored.  Report performance at granular level (account and rating factor) so that underwriters can optimise performance.  Assist with the parameterization of Commercial Lines underwriting risk for the internal capital model for the European entities. Help with the review of the results and output of the ICA and the internal model for Commercial Lines.  Ensure data used for pricing and monitoring is complete, accurate, adequate and timely.  Provide guidance to more junior members of staff  Comply with key regulatory and risk management procedures.  Adherence to European and matrix decision making standards within the authorities provided  Bachelors degree or equivalent in Mathematics/Actuarial Science  Usually a nearly or newly qualified member of an Actuarial Institute  Proven proficiency in actuarial concepts/methodologies  Increasing understanding of general insurance including underwriting policies, claims handling policies and local legislation  Knowledge of PC and mainframe environments  IT proficiency in pricing software, e.g. Pretium or Emblem and reserving software e.g. ResQ  Knowledge of SAS and VBA advantageous  Developing ability to communicate actuarial concepts to nonspecialists  Ability to forge relationships with other areas of the business  Ability to work under own initiative and show flexibility to meet business needs  Ability to meet tight deadlines and prioritise own work  Professional behaviour with high level of integrity About AIG With more than 40 million clients in over 160 countries and jurisdictions around the globe, AIG is truly a world leader in insurance. But AIG isn t just a big company  it s a unique one. Our culture derives from our entrepreneurial roots and pioneering spirit. It is this spirit that drives us to help our clients create success: answering their insurance needs today, and anticipating tomorrows. Our emphasis on early responsibility and personal development genuinely enables talented people to take their career almost anywhere they want to go. We have some very ambitious plans for the future. If you share our passion for customer service and are ready to go the extra mile, you can be central to making them happen. At AIG Europe we are fully committed to developing a culture that embraces individuals differences and for us the essence of diversity is respecting and valuing these differences. We are passionate about creating an environment where all employees can fully realise their potential and where the company will continue to flourish with the opportunity that our approach to diversity offers