Title: Pensions Valuation Accountant
Webindex: 70210397
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: Highly challenging international role where you will own, manage and control multiple pension plans, ensuring timely annual valuations and yearend disclosures. You will be produce and audit annual US GAAP valuations for all EMEA plans. This will require working closely with external actuaries, and third party administrators. You will then ensure the results are communicated to business units as they provide their final P L costings for the year and expected Balance sheets. Opportunity to drive forward the role, enhancing and improving the pension costing cycle, ensuring any new requirement are built into the processes and delivered on time. The ideal candidate will be an enthusiastic and highly driven person able to communicate to large amounts of people and able to work with change. They will have a strong financial control background. Prior knowledge of ASC**** would be advantageous. A professional accounting qualification, or equivalent, would be preferred. Very attractive benefits including bonus, highly competitive pension scheme, generous holiday allowance and flexible working potential We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. We regret that as a recruitment consultancy we are not able to seek visas for applicants not holding current entitlement to work in the UK. The Sammons Group is an Employment Business and Employment Agency as defined by the EAA Regulations **** and we abide by the Code of Practice of our industry body (the Recruitment Employment Confederation  REC). We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct.