Title: Operations Analyst
Webindex: 68063510
Company: Badenoch Clark Ltd
Description: Our client is looking to hire a business operations analyst to analyse specific project and special operations requirements, both internally and externally initiated, and produce a Business Impact Analysis covering all operational departments and impact on key service partners: To identify and mitigate operational risk introduced by change or in the process of implementing change, in order to maintain service delivery targets. To analyse, review and provide feedback to the full range of project documents as required by the different types of project. Identify the operational and business impact of the change for internal functions Ensure operational readiness for change through oversight of the development of procedures, detailed presentations, specific training sessions and **** sessions as required. To devise and coordinate operational acceptance testing Develop scenarios and provide input to volume and performance testing exercises Prepare detailed inauguration/migration plans. Lead marketbased project working parties as required. Coordinate change with external service partners and develop and maintain bilateral operating relationships and procedures. Coordinate and manage exceptional client onboarding exercises, e.g. settlement banks, CCPs and MTFs, registrars, the fund market. Recommend and implement process improvements, working with other relevant teams where necessary. Write a weekly businessfocused summary of weekend change for the business operational teams to read. Work closely with each functional area in operations to understand their work processes and develop critical analysis and requirements for improvement, automation and the reduction of risk. To identify and represent the operational needs and requirements into project design. Be aware of business continuity objectives and plans for EUI and ensure these are factored in to change projects. Attend and minute operational working groups. Analyse live data for internal/external needs and present the results in a comprehensive format. The successful candidate will have: Business Good knowledge of the securities and payments industry and market operations. Detailed knowledge of the CREST system and the role different market sectors play in CREST. Reasonable understanding of other group entities and their position in the market. Maintain an awareness of company wide process and risk issues and ensure that any new developments that impact the work of the team are assessed and addressed where appropriate. A strong working knowledge of the group change and project methodology and governance structures. For more information please contact the Banking Operations team URL removed  Let s find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User.