Title: Business auditor
Webindex: 68699230
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: OVERVIEW: Our client is a growing American Investment bank with a thriving presence in London who are looking to grow their audit function. There are currently two people on the team and they are looking to reach a headcount of fiveby the end of the year. This is an excellent opportunity to get involved in a dynamic business currently going through a lot of positive change. SPECIFIC TASKS RESPONSIBILITIES: Audit Management:  Ensure that audits are completed in a timely manner, including all deliverables and within budget;  Maintain a high quality of audit with adherence to the firm`s internal audit methodology and automated workflow; and  Prioritise and manage multiple audits effectively. Business and Technical Knowledge: The department seeks to adopt high professional standards and add value. Work should be carried out diligently. Mutual respect for fellow team members and the company`s staff is important. Key requirements and skills include:  ACA, CIMA, ACCA, IIA Qualified;  Experience in conducting both audit reviews and SOX testing;  Thorough knowledge of the financial services industry and regulations with specific knowledge of finance related activities;  Good product knowledge in one or more of Fixed Income, Equities and Structured Products;  Comfortable working as part of a team and under own initiative; and  Excellent presentational and interpersonal skills. Global American investment bank Competitive basic  flexible benefits package  discretionary bonus  a good work/life balance Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Businessauditor_job****