Title: Purchase Ledger Assistant  Rotherham
Webindex: 69802329
Company: British Gas
Description: Purchase Ledger Assistant  Rotherham  Overview Base Salary up to ****  excellent benefit package Location : Rotherham Work closely with the managed accounts team and to strict financial deadlines, ensuring accurate creditor data is available. Purchase Ledger Assistant  Rotherham  The Role: Key Accountabilities: In line with period ends; Reconcile Vat receipts to the company purchase cards and chase any missing paperwork Review daily exception (WIA) reports and chase queries for resolution Post invoice details details from daily report to Siclops and/or Estimation Prepare accurate financial information Liaise with both internal external contacts at all levels Adhoc duties for the Management Accountant, Financial controller and Finance Manager as and when required. Purchase Ledger Assistant  Rotherham  The Person: Skills, knowledge experience: IT literate, proficient in the use of Microsoft applications. Experience of Excel is desirable Good numeracy skills Educated to GCSE’ standard or equivalent previous experience in purchase ledger Ability to work to deadlines and pressured timeframes An aptitude for accuracy and detail. Driven individual, able to work as part of a team or equally under own discipline. Purchase Ledger Assistant  Rotherham  The Business: Businesses across the UK understand how they use their energy. With a team of over **** people dedicated to supporting organisations in reducing their energy consumption, we can make energy more affordable for our customers. This includes a unique portfolio of capabilities from renewable technologies to building management systems and energy performance partnerships. British Gas Business Services (BGBS) help thousands of organisations across the UK PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ‘Apply’ button. Please upload your cover letter and CV as one document. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the 'Apply' button To request an update on this role, please email Neetu.kumarcentrica.com typing Purchase Ledger Assistant  Rotherham (BG****) in the subject title. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PurchaseLedgerAssistantRotherham_job****