Title: European Tax Compliance Manager  Aberdeen
Webindex: 68394099
Company: CPL
Description: If you are motivated, ambitious and innovative and are seeking a challenging career in a dynamic global environment please read our exciting new opportunity with a highly reputable company: Cpl Resources are acting on behalf of their Client within The Helicopter services industry to recruit a “European Tax Compliance Manager ” whom will be accountable for timely and accurate filing of the local tax compliance for all European countries within the group. The ideal candidate will be based in Aberdeen The Manager will have a strong focus on improving the tax compliance process and the awareness of the tax compliance with the other finance departments. This includes evaluating the tax accounting process and providing advice on tax accounting for improvement. Main Duties: Liaise with other finance departments in order to obtain the information for the tax compliance. Manage relationship with the external tax compliance service providers. Managing of tax audits in Europe, being the point of contact for the tax authorities and external advisors in this respect. Provide guidelines to other departments for contact with the tax authorities in case of a tax audit. Assist on transfer pricing. Manage the tax cash flow. Manage the tax provision calculations. International travel may be required. May perform other duties as assigned. Necessary Qualifications and Attributes: Experience – at least 5 years experience in European tax compliance preferably with exposure to Norway, UK, Luxembourg and Switzerland. Working knowledge of corporate income tax, VAT, Withholding tax, transfer pricing and Payroll tax. Education: preferred university degree in tax or accounting . Strong interpersonal and communication skills Strong analytical and problem solving skills, solution focussed and results oriented Language skills: Fluent in English, knowledge of the Norwegian language is a plus . To be part of an ever growing Successful company please contact Andrea Corrigan on:  **** or email: ni.com