Title: Collections Manager  Birmingham, Edinburgh or Southend
Webindex: 66060991
Company: RBS Group
Description: You'll be joining our Collections clientfacing businesses by providing secure, reliable and efficient services to customers wherever they are in the world. Group Operations people work together to give great customer service and make the experience of banking with RBS the best it can possibly be. As a Collections Manager, you ll deliver improvements to our customer strategies by creating and delivering continuous improvement activities. This will include the delivery of an ongoing programme of a number of test and learn scenarios designed to improve business performance. You ll produce quality change recommendations to influence the retail risk board and debt management operations change boards and drive the design of analytic performance data packs to monitor the portfolio. You ll lead quarterly reviews with relevant stakeholders reporting on progress and make recommendations for future tests. As a Collections Manager, you ll be highly numerate and analytical with a proven track record of using data to influence senior leaders in making business decisions. It's essential that you've a deep understanding and working knowledge of the collections and recoveries environment. Preferably, you'll have worked within the financial services industry or another large complex organisation that carries out collections activities. And, you ll be a people leader with demonstrable experience of coaching and development in a line management role. In return, we offer an excellent employee salary and 30% cash and benefit funding programme which can be tailored to suit your individual needs. In addition to financial benefits, we offer a wide selection of exclusive lifestyle offers, development and learning programmes, services and support designed to help you manage and balance your own worklife priorities. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken. If you'd like to discuss this role in confidence please contact David Liddell on **** **** **** Did you know that RBS has won a number of awards as a top employer in the UK in 2012? Best Business Awards 'Best Employer', Business In The Community Top 10 'Ethnic Equality Gender , Working Families 'Top 10 Employer', Workingmums.co.uk Top Employer 'Employee Engagement , The Times Top 50 Where Women Want to Work , The Times Top 100 'Graduate Employers , and The Sunday Times 100 Best Companies to Work For .