Title: Senior BA  OTC Derivatives
Webindex: 70039208
Company: Investigo Change Solutions
Description: An excellent newly created opportunity for a senior BA to analyse and coordinate all business related project delivery tasks required to implement the chosen OTC Derivative processing and OTC pricing solution for new clients. The role may change over time and the incumbent may be assigned to other projects suited to that person's skills, experience and abilities. The SME/BA acts as Full time representative of the business on the project, ensuring at all times that the direction of the planned project deliveries are appropriate to the business needs, and will fully meet the business requirements. They are responsible for safeguarding that the expected benefits, particularly business benefits, are achieved and that the supporting business operating model is successfully established and rolled out. The SME/BA must have demonstrable knowledge of the OTC Derivatives market. Specifically; ETD OTC's specifically, FX OTCs, CDS, IRS, Repos, Equity Derivatives, Swaptions, CFD, FRAs and Cross Currency Swaps Life cycle management for these instruments and preferably Pricing for these instrument types Relevant and uptodate knowledge of market developments in the derivatives operations space. Requirements: Extensive Derivatives experience at minimum TeamLeader/Supervisor level Previous project experience and familiarity with associated 'tools' eg process mapping and functional requirements documentation. Experience in building and executing businessfocused testing and migration strategies Experience in delivering one major system implementation of the Calypso solution Must have good, structured analytical skills Strategic mindset, with strong conceptual, creative and analytical content Must be able to work effectively with senior business and IT stakeholders across business divisions. Must be a good communicator  verbal and written. Strong problem solving skills and able to perform under pressure. Must be able to host and effectively run workshops and meetings, many via conference calls Must be able to multitask and be able to prioritise effectively. Must have vision and foresight concerning the design and implementation of system solutions, particularly in relation to the impact and design of revised/new business operating models.