Title: Desk Surveyor/Contract Manager
Webindex: 71184670
Company: Aviva
Description: Salary range: ****  **** (depending on experience) With more than 43 million customers across 21 countries, Aviva is the 6th largest insurance company in the world. Make the most of your surveying and building management knowledge on a wide variety of claims and own the process from start to finish. Deliver results and you can look forward to great prospects. About your role: Overseeing the property claims process from end to end  from validation to final settlement  it'll be down to you to deliver a world class service to our customers and partners. Driving technical excellence in the claims validation and routing process means taking referrals from claim handlers, collaborating with and coaching Desk Surveyors and drawing on your previous experience to make appropriate policy and legal decisions based on the results  keeping the customer up to date with the expectations of their insurance cover throughout. And because of the high volume and fastpaced nature of the role, you'll do more than just communicate the repudiation of claims to the customer; you'll also be expected to manage the settlement cost through cash or credit and arrange temporary accommodation as necessary. All in all, you'll ensure a world class customer experience while adhering to the agreed criteria and technical knowledge of the industry. About you: An experienced Surveyor, Supervisor or Operations Manager coming from a building company or local authority, you'll have experience of the building industry gained from behind a desk and out in the field too. You'll have strong technical skills, an awareness of buildings pathology and knowledge of floods, drying programmes and damage management principles. But more than that, you'll also know a thing or two about the insurance industry  having honed your understanding of household and commercial property technical claims with a similar, fastpaced and broadranging business. What's more, working closely with external contractors, internal stakeholders and customers alike, you'll need the communication skills to build up rapports and network and negotiate at all levels. Now you'll be keen to apply all your knowhow within a highperforming operation that's going from strength to strength. About us: With a reputation that stretches back 300 years and a total focus on what our customers want, we've become the world's sixthlargest insurance group and the biggest in the UK. What makes us different is that, despite our size, we work hard to recognise the individual needs of every one of our customers, offering them prosperity and peace of mind wherever and whoever they are. We recognise our people too  valuing them for what they do, rewarding them for their contribution and encouraging them to achieve their career goals. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeskSurveyorContractManager_job****