Title: CoOrdinator  Resource Planning and Forecasting Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 71443699
Company: HUDSON
Description: CoOrdinator  Resource Planning and Forecasting This market leader based in Edinburgh City Centre are looking to appoint a CoOrdinator within Resource Planning and Forecasting to work alongside operations management teams to understand and forecast likely changes in demand or resourcing. Hours of work are Mon  Fri, **** As a Resource Planning Analyst, you will  Own and develop effective forecasting and planning models across multiple departments.  Create short term weekly plans and longer **** to **** month views.  Develop and deliver adhoc scenario building and manage risks.  Provide insightful MI to assist the operation in managing resources to maximise efficiency.  Identify and investigate forecasting and planning issues and causes and recommend solutions to Senior Management.  Perform assessments on impacting change and deliver analysis on the physical and financial effectiveness of any initiatives.  Influence data capture and storage for forecasting and planning data across the F U team.  Provide meaningful analysis in digestible formats.  Proficiently breakdown complex issues in a meaningful way.  Utilise the skill sets of other analysts, assisting in their development and sharing knowledge.  Assist in the development of analysts across relevant departments.  Act as a liaison with other areas to manage recruitment needs.  Regularly coordinate meetings with operations, change management colleagues.  Assert yourself as a subject matter expert where appropriate.  Fully understand the crossfunctional diversity of the business WHO WE'RE LOOKING FOR To be considered for this role, you will need  Minimum of 2 years in a forecasting and planning environment or other analytical role.  Experience of developing colleagues, preferably in analytical techniques.  Proven presentation skills (written and verbal).  Demonstrable stakeholder management and engagement skills.  Results orientated, proactive, highly dynamic and with strong personal drive.  Experience with WFM tools, preferably TotalView, EWFM and QMax  Advanced MS Excel skills To apply, please email an up to date CV to this posting Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.