Title: Risk Data MI Specialist
Webindex: 68393391
Company: Virgin Money
Description: Virgin is well known for doing things better and we are constantly on the lookout for talented, imaginative and smart people to help deliver success. We are working hard to offer a real alternative to banking as usual a bank that aims to make everyone better off; our customers, staff, shareholders, business partners and the communities we serve. We are seeking a Data & MI Specialist to be the Data & MI Subject Matter Expert within Risk. The successful candidate will use their expertise to be the lead in the formulation, design, development of the business requirements for Risk MI systems, analysis and reporting. They will lead the subsequent implementation of agreed approach. Key responsibilities will include:Be the expert in the business for Risk data, MI systems and process design.Represent Risk in detailed discussion and debate for high level and detailed business requirements for new build data, MI and reporting systems.Lead the design and development from a risk perspective.Providing recommendations which are evaluated thoroughly in terms of cost / benefit and which fit the business plans for the medium to long term.Stakeholder management at all levels and ensuring key decision makers are able to make fully informed decisions in relation to data, MI systems and reporting risks. Coordinating inputs and views SMEs from across Risk and the wider business in the engagement process with external suppliers throughout the design, build, test and implementation lifecycle.Liaising with external suppliers and third parties to ensure the best fit solutions for Virgin Money.Evaluating design and implementation options and make recommendations to the Risk Leadership team and appropriate wider business projects.The monitoring and reporting of new analysis and MI suite of systems and application, once implemented, to ensure they are in line with corporate objectives and regulatory parameters. Defining Risk function needs to the wider BI & MI function and projects, and representing Risk in the wider organisation design.Defining the Risk MI & reporting testing strategy and approach.Overseeing the test activity within the respective projects.Providing sound recommendations on the effective migration of all developments to business as usual. Ensuring maintenance capability is robust, including related target operating model. To be considered you will have previous experience in the design and development of data and MI systems, within a Risk function. You will have excellent stakeholder management skills, with the drive and gravitas to ensure system designs are delivered to meet requirements.