Title: Accounting Specialist  Employee Expenses
Webindex: 68686078
Company: PRA
Description: ACCOUNTING SPECIALIST – ACCOUNTS PAYABLE EMPLOYEE EXPENSES Location: READING A leading global CRO, PRA is transforming clinical trials through our people, innovation and transparency. We serve clients across all phases of pharmaceutical and biotech drug development by combining therapeutic and operational expertise with local knowledge. PRA’s commitment to excellence in research begins with our people. Our workforce has grown by over 25% since 2010 and now comprises over **** employees spanning more than 13 time zones and speaking more than **** languages. It is our philosophy that the way in which we grow our business is to focus on our employees and as such, we recognize that successful careers are found within organisations that provide the support that employees need at work, as well as the benefits they require outside the workplace and work / life balance. Due to continued expansion, PRA are currently recruiting for an Accounting Specialist to work specifically within Accounts Payable and Employee Expenses. Based at the PRA offices in Reading, the main responsibilities of the role will include the following,  Maintaining the employee expenses ledger. Timely processing of and payment of employee expenses. Adherence to and maintenance of Sarbanes Oxley controls. Assisting Management in collating audit information (external audits and Sarbanes Oxley audits). Assisting Accounts Receivable in collating invoice backup for pass through costs recharged to clients. Maintaining the integrity of the AP Expense ledger Developing solutions to routine problems in relation to the efficient and accurate entry of data. Striving to maintain the highest level of data integrity and customer service while seeking ways to improve processes and procedures. Meeting period and yearend deadlines for subledger deliverables and close. In order to be considered for this position, you must have previous experience in working within Accounts Payable/Employee Expenses within a multi currency environment in addition to a proven track record in providing excellent customer service and performing complex activities associated with maintaining ledger accounts. A solid understanding of MS Excel is essential and prior experience using Lawson would be an advantage. You must have strong organizational and analytical skills and the ability work effectively within a fast paced environment. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are also essential. Together with a competitive salary, we offer a comprehensive range of benefits and an excellent working environment. As we continue to expand, there will be career opportunities on a truly global scale. PRA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace. KEY WORDS: ACCOUNTING SPECIALIST / ACCOUNTS PAYABLE / SALES LEDGER / PURCHASE LEDGER / ACCOUNTANT This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountingSpecialistEmployeeExpenses_job****