Title: Climate Change Coordinator  ****k Ealing
Webindex: 69746363
Company: Mulberry Recruitment
Description: Climate Change Coordinator  ****k Ealing Our clients, who are a multinational client services company, are looking for a Climate Change Coordinator to join their team. This position is working out of their West London offices. This is a varied role that requires a multitude of skills and primarily, a proven interest in current climate change policy and issues. Responsibilities To assist in maintaining a record of project related activities to comply with UN s requirements. To assist in controlling the implementation and use of Climate Change Programme (CCP) staff approval procedures To coordinate the execution and delivery of Project Activities to ensure services are delivered to agreed standard. Respond to communications received from UN, and circulating the information to the relevant audit teams for completion Liaise with the UK Operations Manager to organise the file administration and archives to maintain effective housekeeping Assist in the processing of staff files and staff sign off Process post registration changes and seek approvals from the relevant Manager for submission to UN Respond to telephone and email enquiries related to the CCP to ensure timely responses are provided to clients and affiliates. Skills Good working knowledge of business software packages and databases, in particular excel to advanced level Excellent organisational skills, with excellent housekeeping skills and record keeping, both hard and soft copy. Excellent communication skills both written and verbal. Ability to manage own workload and meet deadlines with minimum supervision. Ideally you will be a graduate in an Environmental related degree Due to a high response rate to this advertisement, only suitable candidates will be contacted regarding this role so if you have not heard anything from us within **** working days please assume you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. Does this sound like a fantastic opportunity but just not quite right for you? Maybe you know someone who is looking for new and exciting position that you think may be interested in this role? If so, RECOMMEND A FRIEND to Mulberry Recruitment and when they are placed successfully, you will receive a REFERAL fee of up to ****