Title: MULTILINGUAL Source to Pay Team Leader
Webindex: 69803106
Company: WOLVISTON MANAGEMENT SERVICES LTD
Description: Key Accountabilities: Support the delivery of defined, high quality transactional and business service associated with the Source to Pay process , to agreed performance and cost targets, on behalf of all relevant businesses sites in an environment. Participate in process improvement projects working with multifunctional teams across company ERP systems and businesses. This will involve developing relationships with the Purchasing organization as well as with other departments. Conform to the company procurement policies treasury guidelines in the accounts payable areas of the legal entities included in the ASSC.This will include working with the site based procurement teams site accountants when required. M onitor the performance of all business entities / SAP platform to ensure:  correct site purchasing procedures are followed  goods or service receipt are done in a timely manner  supplier behaviors, particularly around compliance with required documentation standards are met. Maintain and develop key relationships with both the site based procurement organizations, the teams on the sites responsible for administration of the process, in particular receipting, and the other parts of the ASSC organization such that the overall business process is as streamlined and effective as possible in order to optimise the Source to Pay process Maintain and develop key relationships with the outsourced Accounts Payable provider. M anage issues through the escalation and resolution process, escalating to the European source to Pay Manager where required. Ensure Standard Operating Procedures are reviewed updated as required.The provision of **** rd level support refers to problems encountered in operations that the outsourced Accounts Payable provider is unable to resolve, and needs to refer back to the business. Ensure all STP business policies processes are followed, in order to comply with internal control , segregation of duties, delegation of authority and SOX compliance. Coordinate with service provider to ensure that External, Internal and SOX audit requirements are delivered. These are subject to both Internal external audit. Ensure maximum value is extracted from our supplier base by adherence to supplier payment terms, gaining maximum benefit for working capital. Pro actively resolve any S****P process failures, in accordance with SLA requirements, ensuring corrective actions are taken and that lessons learned are incorporated in future operating processes .M anage issues through the escalation and resolution process. Manage source to Pay associates in their daily activities, setting objectives and programs of work.Support technical and proves problems when escalated. Technical Skills, Experience and Knowledge: Degree Level Education. Level 4 in two EuropeanLanguages (French, Spanish, Italian). The job requires sound knowledge and experience in working in Accounts to include financial accounting accounts payable, specifically: Preparing and processing payment runs in accordance with supplier terms. Preparing forecasts of supplier payments to meet Huntsman Treasury requirements. Reconciling supplier statements to ensure the integrity of the SAP AP system including reconciling the AP control account on a daily basis to avoid disputes with suppliers. Resolving supplier queries, requests for payment to ensure that no action is taken against Huntsman businesses within the HSSC due to late payment of supplier invoices. In depth knowledge of the relevant areas of SAP FI/CO and MM modules. PC literacy in MS Office, particularly Excel. Experience in managing a small team . Track record of continuous improvement and change management. Working with an outsourcer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MULTILINGUALSourcetoPayTeamLeader_job****