Title: Treasury Analyst  Top FTSE Company  Berkshire
Webindex: 71471147
Company: IDPP
Description: Treasury Analyst  Top FTSE Company to ****  Benefits An opportunity has arisen to join this immensely successful company, based at their HQ in Berkshire. When you join you will initially be responsible for one or two members of the team, but it is anticipated that intermittently you will be required to lead larger teams, and in time move into such a role full time (with a commensurate rise in salary). The Treasury Analyst sits within the Treasury Management Group, which is part of the EMEA Group Shared Services. This group has responsibility for ensuring that all Treasury activities are conducted in accordance with proper local and global governance frameworks. The group works closely with and supports the global functional Treasury groups to ensure that the balance sheet profiles of subsidiaries are managed in accordance with corporatewide Treasury policies and strategies, as well as reflecting local regulatory requirements and the subsidiaries business purpose. The Analyst will have team lead responsibility for assigned cash and bank account management including reconciliations and surplus cash investments, cash forecasting and payment scheduling, debt compliance, intercompany financing and interest administration, foreign exchange risk analysis, banking relationships, trade finance operations and internal/external reporting requirements. Duties are myriad but include: Bank account management Preparation of periodic/monthly bank and bank related GL balance sheet reconciliation statements Meeting monthly reporting schedules and assist with annual/ad hoc corporate and statutory reporting as required Developing close understanding of daily and monthly cash flow trends to prepare and maintain cash forecasts for all entities' accounts with variance analysis. and Preparing and executing wire transfers, ensuring accuracy, control and appropriate authorization Providing support for origination and issuance of bonds guarantees to requesting entities. Bank relationship support to the Senior Manager to evolve improved bank offerings and resolution of issues arising. Assisting the Senior Manager with the development of 'bestinclass' cash management strategies and practices and provide support for continuous improvement of cash management policies, procedures and processes. Provide strategic insight into and optimize global banking structure. Your Profile The Analyst will have proven experience within a finance/accounting role with excellent communication skills alongside sound organisational and IT skills and be able to work on own initiative. This role will occasionally involve engagements with senior corporate executives, banks and other 3rd parties and therefore require suitable physical attire/appearances. Experience: Previous experience of working for a multinational company with operations in EMEA and used to handling bank reconciliations and cash forecasting. Alternatively, related work experience for a large corporation, management consulting firm or banking institution. Ability to multitask, work on own initiative and independently as well as being an adaptable/ team player. Able to work to deadlines under pressure and used to month end closing processes. Handson experience supporting financial close related activities. Experience of proprietary banking platforms and integration with ERP systems (PeopleSoft/ Oracle/Hyperion) an advantage. Education Degree level preferably with a focus on accounting/finance and or relevant professional qualification in accounting/financial analysis  ACA, ACCA, CFA, CIMA or ACT. Partial qualification and recognised similar international qualifications acceptable. In return for these skills you will receive a comptetive salary, with an assured career path. This is an immediate need so please send your CV with a covering letter as soon as possible. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location Job start date: ASAP