Title: Fund Finance Manager  Real Estate  London
Webindex: 68177608
Company: Trident
Description: Fund Finance Manager  Real Estate  Our Client is a rapidly expanding international and specialist Real Estate Asset Manager who is looking to hire a qualified Finance Manager to be responsible for financial reporting, financial due diligence of acquisitions and oversight of holding structures and fiscal requirements for their business and fund. The Role will involve: Consolidation of management accounts across SPV's. Preparing monthly reports and reporting of fund financials to investors. Managing daily bank interaction, assisting on raising loans, managing bank DD and financial reporting to banks. Cash flow budgeting incl. reviewing and keeping track of the payments/invoices etc. Transaction financial due diligence  liaising with and leading team(s) of external financial and fiscal advisers Reviewing holding and funding structures Reviewing reports received from third party property / asset managers (incl. CAPEX, rental income and operating costs) Liaising and managing relationships with local Accountants, administrators and advisors for all SPV's and ensuring statutory requirements are being fulfilled (Cyprus, Netherlands, Belgium & the UK) Maintaining up to date knowledge of legislative changes in relevant tax regimes. The Person  To apply you will need relevant and detailed, post qualification (ACCA/ACA), commercial and international real estate finance and accounting experience. This exposure should also include working with different types of fund structures within real estate and ideally experience in Dutch, Belgian and / or UK jurisdictions would be an important advantage. Experience of working with banks / funders will also be a plus for the future growth of the business. You should possess excellent numeracy and advanced modelling ability, be able to demonstrate solid presentation and communication skills (confident in presenting reports to investors) and be able to manage external service providers. Fluency in Dutch would be a plus. Please visit our website (www.tridentint.com ) to view all our vacancies. Follow us on Twitter at (www.twitter.com/Tridentint) or connect with us on LinkedIn at (www.linkedin.com/company/tridentinternationalassociates?trkhb_tab_compy_id_****) or like us on Facebook (www.facebook.com/pages/TridentInternationalAssociates/****) Please note that due to volume we cannot get back to everyone, however every application is looked at and considered and will be held on Trident International's database for review. If you have not heard back from us within **** working days you should assume your initial application has been unsuccessful, however if suitable roles arise in the future we will make every effort to contact you.