Title: Global MI Analytics Business Manager  Leading Investment Bank
Webindex: 69574167
Company: Concilium Finance Limited
Description: Global MI Analytics Business Manager / Decision Support  Leading Investment Bank London ****  **** Leading Investment Bank in Docklands is looking to hire senior MI Business Analysis Manager to lead a team Business Analysts to deliver high quality, timely, valueadded analysis and commentary in all Group MI. Assist in strategic decisions and will insure that financial information presented must be of the highest quality, standard, interest and relevance to the decision makers of the bank. This includes communications with the Global Regions, Group Chief Executive, FD, CFO, Board and all other major stakeholders, as well communicating and monitoring timelines and sign off of the consolidation tool to be used in the process. You will lead the contribution of the group to commentary and analytics on the trends and evolution throughout the reporting cycle  provide informed opinion on the story behind the numbers. The department currently has a significant Change Agenda underway. This will drive improvements in reporting, analytics, planning and systems. You will assist in driving the change agenda, taking responsibility for key projects and driving them through to completion Working as the Senior MI / Decision Support Manager you will continually reassess the operational risks associated with the role and inherent in the business, taking account of changing economic or market conditions, legal and regulatory requirements, operating procedures and practices, management restructurings, and the impact of new technology. Be a qualified accountant (ACA, ACCA, CIMA or CA) with ****  10 years PQE, with a proven background in global MI, Decision Support, Management of Risk and Costing from another leading Investment Bank or FTSE 250 company. Please linkin to be kept up to date with Vacancies and Market Conditions URL removed Concilium Finance is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all age groups. Concilium Finance is acting as an employment agency for this opportunity.