Title: HR Relationship Manager
Webindex: 68690928
Company: Oakleaf Partnership
Description: Our client one of the worlds preeminent asset management firms and a premier provider of global investment management, risk management and advisory services to institutional, intermediary and individual investors around the world are currently looking for a HR Relationship manager. This role is to work as an HR Relationship Manager (RM) within the International Region and sits within the International HR team and alongside the broader Global HR structure comprising Relationship Management and HR specialist functions (such as Learning and Development, Recruitment, Compensation and Benefits etc). Skills background: The RM role provides transactional support to the rest of the GCG HR team and also acts as an interface with the business. Key Responsibilities: To provide day to day transactional support to the GCG HR team across a wide range of HR issues such as talent reviews, performance management, employee relations Be a first point of contact for business managers and provide HR guidance and support across generalist areas of HR. Provide HR input in support of the business functions objectives. Support the business functions through the annual performance management cycle from objective setting, mid year and year end reviews and annual promotion process. Assist with talent reviews and succession planning discussions and work with the business to ensure plans are actively put into practice. Work closely with the compensation team to provide HR metrics as required. Support the business through any vanilla employee relations issues to minimize risk to the Company whilst treating employees fairly and consistently with the Companys philosophy. Interface with the HR Service Centre which provides first level response for day to day enquiries for the business and also some case management. Represent the GCG HR team in global HR meetings and provide feedback to the team. Ad hoc research and projects. Skills: Proven generalist HR experience Solid employee relations experience Experience of working collaboratively with and influencing business managers. Successful candidate will have excellent knowledge of employment legislation and its pragmatic application Attention to detail Strong communications and interpersonal skills Active and effective contributor to the HR and business teams. They will preferably have experience within finance sector, ideally fund management or investment banking. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HRRelationshipManager_job****