Title: Head Of Operational Finance
Webindex: 68676807
Company: Broker Network
Description: We are currently recruiting for a Head of Finance to be based at our Broker Network site in Knaresborough. Overall objectives Ensure the Company’s compliance with the FSA Handbook, specifically client money provisions of CASS **** Responsible for the management of all operational aspects and developments of client money and IBA processes within BNL for independent Members. Core duties and responsibilities Ensure compliance with all client money FSA rules within BNL by implementing appropriate, adequate systems and controls, which will include: Management of a internal client money procedures manual, which would allow a 3rd party to run the BNL client money operations if BNL were to go insolvent Preparation of the Client Money Calculation in line with CASS R**** The recording of breaches in the Central breach register from BNL, desktop monitoring, field audits and selfcertification from Members A programme of field audits to test Members’ compliance with the CASS **** rules Clear compliant Client Money procedures for Members The holding of compliant bank letters and trust deeds. Responsible for the management of client money on behalf of members for whom we hold client money including the field based audit programme and necessary escalation of issues. Ensure there is an adequate system of governance and oversight operating over CASS matters Manage the cash reconciliation and insurer settlement processes for independent Members. Act as a change manager to review and upgrade all processes – manual and system based. Develop and implement KPIs and targets and measure performance against them. Review the risk profile of higher risk insurers/MGAs using external credit data and make recommendations to the Insurer and Bank Security and Risk Committee of the Network Division Maximise interest income on NST cash balances within the Network Division – on client money Act as important client facing relationship manager reinforcing the company’s CASS obligations to the Members and seeking to influencing the Members’ behaviour to achieve a highly compliant environment Adopt and implement new initiatives to support employee retention and recognition, in line with the businesses overall people strategy. Ensure your direct reports manage their team individuals in line with company policy. Ensure underperformance or conduct matters within the service centre are dealt with quickly and appropriately in line with company policy and custom and practice. Ensure reward and recognition packages are in line with strategy and drive the correct behaviours. Plan, provide and manage the support services supplied to members to ensure continual delivery against SLAs Provide appropriate management information to the business as required by the Executive. Ongoing design and development of the business strategy for your area of responsibility, in accordance with business needs. Ensure the business area is managed efficiently and within budget. Promote the success of the company for the benefit of members having regard to various factors. Exercise independent judgement. Exercise reasonable care, skill and diligence. Not to have outside interests which could reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest. Not to accept benefits from third parties if accepting could reasonably be regarded as likely to give rise to a conflict of interest. Declare interests in proposed transactions with the company. Act in accordance with the FSA’s Statements of Principles for Approved Persons. Ensure all relevant business activities fully comply with FSA regulation and company procedures. Ensure compliance with all other applicable legislation – e.g. employment, Health Safety etc. Promote and embed a TCF culture in all respective business areas. Conduct personal learning, training and assessment exercises in accordance with your individual T C plans, demonstrating competence in relevant FSA compliance areas. Ensure your teams’ T C plans are up to date and can demonstrate their competence in the relevant compliance areas. Initiate and maintain successful professional relationships with external bodies to improve and enhance the services provided. To ensure regular and effective communication within your teams and with directors/managers within the company. STRICTLY NO AGENCIES PLEASE This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadOfOperationalFinance_job****