Title: Personal Lines Insurance Advisor
Webindex: 65198990
Company: First Recruitment Services
Description: Our superb and growing insurance based client is seeking additional recruits due to additional and strong business growth. Duties To understand both new and existing clients insurance needs and their approach to insurance To assist and carry out insurance sales and administration as required To maintain, and achieve growth in income from new and existing clients and seek new business for the company in line with company targets. To contribute to the achievement of business objectives through the delivery of an efficient service to clients To provide day to day servicing and administration of clients insurance requirements in a timely technically accurate and cost effective manner, in accordance with procedure and performance standards. To develop less experienced members of staff by imparting practical knowledge and advice. Objectives and Responsibilities To provide broking and administrative services to clients, on a non advised basis and in those areas in which the jobholder is deemed competent, otherwise seeking advice as appropriate. Including but not limited to: Giving Instructions to insurance providers Checking policy documents (including endorsements) for accuracy prior to receipt by clients Handling the invoicing of premiums due, maintaining effective credit control in respect of allocated credits. Processing correspondence, renewals, prerenewal activity, quotations and computer input. Ensuring that all post and diary activity is completed on a daily basis. Managing own files as per location procedures To provide a prompt and efficient first line telephone answering service ensuring a polite and courteous telephone manner is adopted at all times. To adhere to company SLA s in respect of introduced clients To process premiums including New Business/ AP/ RP s and Renewals. To adopt a Pro Active positive attitude at all times Providing both verbal and written quotations ensuring compliance processes are followed. To understand clients situation, opportunities and problems and design of appropriate solutions To ensure where possible premiums are settled in accordance with company credit control procedures. To assist in ensuring that all post and diary activity is completed daily in accordance with the local procedures and performance standards To assist team performance by regular communication with colleagues and manager to raise concerns and provide appropriate solutions To ensure compliance with local procedures, customer service standards and external compliance regulations e.g. FSA To undertake training in line with agreed objectives and keep up to date with technical legal and market developments via use of elearning internal training and reading market related material. To maintain and develop personal knowledge and skills through continued professional development aw well as on going at desk training and ensuring that this is recordedin line with Training and Competency requirements. To conduct the business of the company at all times in a courteous and efficient manner To at various times act for the insured and the insurer. To be responsible for adhering to all the Groups procedures and policies in relation to the identification and management of potential conflicts of interest and for the fair treatment of customers. The systems and controls operating must be followed to ensure this is the case. To ensure that any customer complaints are identified and handled strictly with the company s complaints procedure. In respect of the schemes operated under a binding authority agreement; To deal with new business, renewals and mid term adjustments within authority To process survey requests policy documents and accounting debits/credits To comply with Binder, procedures and underwriting authority levels To undertake any other task that may be reasonably be required by the company First Recruitment Services are acting as an employment agency for this vacancy