Title: Credit Partner  Large Corporates
Webindex: 69537306
Company: Santander 
Description: As one of the UK s leading financial services Santander offers a comprehensive range of financial products and a high standard of service to 24 million customers. We are part of one of the world s largest banks  Grupo Santander, which means we re stronger than ever and looking to the future with confidence. We are currently looking to fill a highprofile role, which will require expertise in corporate lending as well as relationship management. As a Credit Partner you will be working with a wide portfolio of our large corporate clients. You will need to understand their loan requirements, structure transactions and become their advocate when presenting their needs to an internal Risk Committee. You will need to have exceptional communication and clientfacing skills as well as an ability to build strategic relationships with key stakeholders. Santander UK The Santander Group has more than 150 years experience in banking and more branches worldwide then any other international bank. At Santander we are committed to serving our customers, helping make the most of there money. In the UK we have over 25million customers, 1.8 million shareholders, more than **** branches and **** cash machines. Our goal? To be the best retail bank in the UK. As a Credit Partner your skills and qualifications will ideally include: Extensive experience in a credit analysis role A sound understanding of the typical corporate banking suite of products Demonstrable exposure to the UK large corporate banking sector A very good understanding of financial forecasting methodology, credit rating interpretation and loan documentation Strong relationship management experience As a Credit Partner your main responsibilities will involve: Working in a Credit risk analysis based role, looking at a portfolio of large corporate clients Assisting in the preparation of credit applications, undertaking a detailed review of the overall report and ensuring quality remains consistently high Reviewing and challenging aspects of the credit application prepared by the Relationship Manager to ensure it presents a consistent, concise and balanced view of the proposition Providing recommendations for ultimate decision and presenting credit applications to the respective credit approval committee, articulating a balanced view of the credit risks and providing a firm and clear recommendation Maintaining a close, ongoing relationship with the client and/or Client Relationship Managers Monitoring of the credit risk quality. This includes financial trends, maintaining ratings coverage, timely completion of reviews, covenant monitoring etc. Location: London Salary Upon Application