Title: Lead ETL / Informatica Analyst
Webindex: 68675790
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: Lead ETL / Informatica Analyst This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced ETL / Informatica Analyst to join a progressive and forward thinking company. The successful ETL Analyst will be responsible for designing, agreeing and supporting the implementation of ETL strategies, developments and solutions. Responsibilities include;  Responsible for the ETL design strategy for the Group Data Warehouse infrastructure, ensuring the implemented ETL processes are coherent, efficient and supports the strategy for data architecture within Information Management.  Act as the ETL technical design expert for new projects and developments, working with BI architects to propose high level solutions that effectively meet business need.  Proactively identify improvements required within existing Warehouse solutions and work with Senior Developers to propose and plan redesign work.  Provide an interface between the BI Data and Strategy Architect and the development team to ensure the development lifecycle and documentation standards for Data Warehouse developments fit with ETL development processes and are fully embedded into the team(s).  Maintain a high technical knowledge of ETL tools and techniques and a broad awareness of advances in the market place. Use this knowledge to inform and influence internal Data Warehouse design decisions.  Own the Development Community of Interest (COI), managing, planning and implementing activities and deliverables identified within the group.  Mentor the ETL development team, providing technical support and facilitating knowledge sharing and best practice.  Undertake ETL, Universe and application development as required, delivering to time, budget and quality and flagging issues and exceptions in a timely manner. Knowledge, Skills and Behaviour Essential  Educated to degree standard or equivalent experience.  Skilled in the use of all Informatica components, including Power Centre, Power Exchange (IMS and flatfile) and Metadata Manager.  Good verbal and written communication skills enabling effective interaction with both IT and Business stakeholders.  Organised (work management of self and others) and selfmotivated.  Ability to assimilate technical and business information and to help translate these into practical solutions.  Ability to positively challenge existing and proposed solutions and present designs and ideas in a clear, concise way.  Excellent understanding of Data Warehouse methodologies.  Good understanding of the Informatica Velocity methodology.  Familiarity with software solution development lifecycles  Experience of Performance Tuning Informatica Power Centre mappings and workflows.  Experience of using Oracle and UDB as the underlying RDMS within BI environments. Additional Information Based in Salisbury you will be working Monday to Friday, during office hours. The company will provide you with excellent benefits such as a competitive pension scheme, paid holiday, bonus etc. We prefer all applications to be submitted on line, however if you require an alternative method of applying please contact the Resourcing team using the telephone number provided. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadETLInformaticaAnalyst_job****