Title: Java Specialist
Webindex: 68713973
Company: Saul Partners
Description: Lead Technical Specialist  Java Our client is the leading source of intelligent information for the world’s businesses and professionals. They are looking for a Lead Technical Specialist (Java) who will play a part in creating a world class search experience for their flagship market data realtime delivery product. Job Technology Development Location London, Canary Wharf Salary Competitive plus bonus benefits Successful candidate will join a team of highly qualified developers and will be responsible for delivery of new content into search system. Experience in developing ETL tools or good skills around ABinitio is a deciding factor for this position. Responsibilities:  Leverage his/her refined skills working with product and business teams, transforming business goals and requirements into reality.  Lead all facets of the software development lifecycle. This would include specifications, algorithms, implementation, production deployments and operations. Qualifications Required Skills:  Excellent programming skills in Java.  Experience in developing of ETL tools or software designed to process and manipulate by data of significant size (****'s of Gb)  Good Unix scripting skills and experience of Solaris/Linux  Experience with large volume data processing .  Good data modelling skills, understanding relational data models and databases , MySQL skills  Strong skills and experience in building and delivering robust largescale backend applications in Java  Candidate should possess solid understanding of enterprise architecture, SOA , design patterns and have significant experience in designing and developing enterprise scale systems. Desired Skills:  Experience of agile development methodology and tools ideally Scrum and Jira.  Excellent programming skills in Ab Initio Coop V****  Experience with continuous build tools like Jenkins  Experience programming in Junit  Experience of business driven development testing  Experience with Ab Initio Meta programming and continuous flows is a plus  Experience of implement mini batch application in Ab Initio is a plus  Exposure to the financial industry Education: Degree in computer science or related field. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JavaSpecialist_job****