Title: Financial Services PA
Webindex: 69993527
Company: Hillman Saunders
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen to work for a leading firm of Independent Financial of Advisors as a PA to the Directors. Working closely for **** or **** partners and you will ultimately be responsible for the following: General PA support such as arranging meetings, diary management and coordination. Dealing with existing client queries and using initiative to resolve the issues. Day to day administration support to the partners and their team. To provide valuation and portfolio updates for clients. To build strong working relationships with product providers. To ensure regular service by providing valuations and portfolio updates as and when required. To ensure all client data is accurately stored on the back office systems. To ensure all client records are maintained within the regulatory and legal guidelines. Preparing files for analysis as and when requested by the Legal and Regulatory Department. To participate in adhoc projects and task as and when necessary. To provide valuation and portfolio updates for clients. The Candidate: You will need to have supported a financial advisor previously. Key skills required are; Good IT skills covering Office, Outlook, Excel and Back Office Systems i.e. Officeweb). Excellent interpersonal skills and telephone manner. High quality organisational skills; Experience of working to targeted service standards. Ambitious and goal orientated; Adaptable, flexible, reliable and patient. Ability to multitask effectively; Evidence of continual learning and development Experience of working within a high pressure environment. Ability to work in a team and share new ideas. This company will offer a pleasant working environment with a friendly management style, coupled with generous salary increments and definite promotional prospects into other areas of the business  Hillman Saunders are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialServicesPA_job****