Title: Finance Coordinator  Preston Audi
Webindex: 71745021
Company: VW Group Audi
Description: Job Description for Finance CoOrdinator at Preston Audi MAIN PURPOSE OF JOB To be responsible for all sales related administrative aspects of the Finance of new and used Audi vehicles from within the Audi Centre, in accordance with Company and franchise policies. To ensure that the Enquiry Management and Follow up process is adhered to in accordance with Company and franchise policies. To manage and action the Solutions Renewal Process OBJECTIVES AND KEY TASKS To submit the enquiry data as per manufacturer requirements. To follow up customers from the enquiry database as per Centre requirements. Raise relevant internal paperwork, (cheques, finance documents, Database Management) ensuring accuracy at all times. To propose finance deals to Centre Approved Finance Companies online and keeping relevant paperwork, informing the appropriate personnel of approved or rejected deals. To advise where additional information is required. To ensure that all Finance Proposal forms are fully completed and signed by the customer and that minimum standards of data are exceeded To verify and monitor Sales Execs activity in regard to Solutions Renewals. To keep up to date all internal reports and data in regard to Solutions Renewals. To maintain accurate records of all Solutions Renewals contacts and activity In conjunction with Business Manager and other management to print and check the finance documents to the customer order and invoice Provide general administrative support to the Sales DepartmentManagement team. To verify the Gap and Paint Protection paperwork and prices prior to handover. To provide system EGM support to the Sales team as required. Maintain product knowledge through attendance at sales meetings and interaction with other functions within the Audi centre. Maintain safe working practices and ensure compliance with the policies, processes and standards of the Audi Centre. Customer Satisfaction To examine all transactions on a weekly basis and advice on how service to Customer may be improved. To ensure that all communications to Customers are clearly comprehensible to the layman. To ensure that all customer contact is dealt with in a professional manner. Ensure all queries are handled promptly and accurately. To consider Treating Customers Fairly, throughout each and every sale transaction.