Title: Relationship Director, Corporate & Commercial Banking,
Webindex: 68679262
Company: Santander
Description: Join Santander and you'll become a vital part of a business built on the outstanding service provided to our customers, as well as the awardwinning products we offer. We're one of the fastest growing banks in the UK and that is down to our people. And we recognise that as we help you develop your career you'll be doing the same for our business. Santander UK The Santander Group has more than 150 years' experience in global banking and more branches worldwide than any other international bank. We are well on the way to repeating this success in the UK, having been named 'Best UK Bank' by Euromoney for the third year running and 'Best UK Bank' by The Banker for the second successive year in 2010. About Santander Corporate Commercial Banking Here at Santander Corporate Commercial Banking our goal is to be the most customerfocused banking partner in the UK. Our values are built on the principles of relationship management, to provide credibility and the consistent level of support and advice that our customers need. We're very much growth focused, we're looking for people who'll reflect this, thriving on the challenge of working for a growing business and being comfortable operating in an entrepreneurial environment. We'll achieve all of this with the backing and support of one of the world's most successful banking groups. This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing Corporate Commercial Banking business team within Santander, covering the South East Wales region. This portfolio will be focused on trading business with a turnover of **** million to 25 million. This will suit a candidate with strong experience in generalist trading business within this region and a skill set in business development and relationship management. As a Relationship Director your skills and qualifications will ideally include: A proven track record in Relationship Management within the South East Wales region, including advanced negotiating skills. Strong business development skills with broad market knowledge and presence. Sound Risk Management and Financial Analysis skills. This will include the ability to write high quality credit reports incorporating detailed credit analysis and a high level of technical knowledge. An ability to present a well thought through proposal at Credit Committee will be essential in this role. Substantial experience as a principal lender to companies with turnover of 2.5m25m and in driving the credit analysis for such transactions. Demonstrable track record of delivering sustainable income streams on both sides of the Balance Sheet and exceeding targets. ACIB or IFS Qualification preferable. As a Relationship Director your main responsibilities will involve: Originating new customer relationships for the core product set of assets (Lending and fees), liability (Deposits), cross sales (banking fees and cross sales products), treasury income (treasury products). The ongoing Relationship Management of those new customer relationships including developing those relationships, identifying cross sales opportunities and to introduce relevant Product Partners to meet customer needs. Meeting targets for profit, credit quality, new customers, crosssales, customer satisfaction, and retention. Building the individual profile as well as the profile of Santander Corporate Banking through proactive marketing activity in the Professional and Business Community. Provide exceptional customer service to internal and external customers, improving customer satisfaction to achieve divisional goals to significantly increase market share. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RelationshipDirectorCorporateCommercialBanking_job****