Title: Senior Investment Accountant  Box Management
Webindex: 68695636
Company: Badenoch & Clark   Edinburgh.
Description: A major Financial Services Institution is looking to recruit a Senior Investment Accountant  Box Management on a ****/day **** month initial contract. The roleholder will be responsible for box management across both heritages, including representing the team on projects where box is impacted. Responsibilities:  Responsible for the production of financial information for, both internal and external customers involving the operation, maintenance and enhancement of a wide range of production systems, and the operational controls surrounding this.  Assist in managing the maintenance of the Box Management Function, to ensure successful control and accounting for all manager's box functions and reporting timetables.  Manage projects affecting own function, defining plans/resource requirements and ensuring deliverables are achieved within the required time, cost and quality parameters.  Identify the need for and ensure the implementation of improvements to processes, procedures and structures to increase quality of service and overall contribution to the business.  Plans, coordinates and controls the work and resources of the Box Management Team. Requirements:  Extensive experience of investment accounting in Banking Financial Services.  Ability to confidently give factual presentations to individuals and groups.  Able to use range of analytical tools and techniques, supported by relevant business experience to provide recommendations and instigate solutions to meet business needs.  Strong project management experience  track record of overseeing change from development to implementation.  Project/Change Management methodology; understanding of project framework, documentation standards and project lifecycle planning. If you feel you're suitable for the position and interested in the job vacancy, please apply to Richard Bowman. www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorInvestmentAccountantBoxManagement_job****