Title: Corporate Finance Accountant ACA/ACCA
Webindex: 68688232
Company: RD Partnership
Description: W orking with one of the most successful Corporate Finance teams in the region this is an ideal time to join a thriving and expanding team. Working with the Corporate Finance Partners and the rest of the team, along with tax and other specialists, this is an excellent opportunity to work in a team who, over the last 12 months, handled transactions with a total value of more than 140 million. A team player, with proven experience and preferably ACA qualified you will be primarily based in our Bristol office although you will work for 12 days a week in Bath and travel to our other offices as necessary. This is an outstanding career opportunity with potential to develop within the firm. The role: Our Corporate Finance team advises businesses on Management Buyouts, Management Buyins, company sales, acquisitions, restructuring and refinancing expansion plans, providing guidance through the technical aspect of the business transaction. This will be a varied role which will include: Due diligence Financial modelling MBO/MBI's Business sales Privateequity/debt fundraising Business planning Group restructuring Investment appraisals Financial promotions Valuations Research and market analysis . The person: We are looking for someone with solid corporate finance experience who is analytical, pragmatic and commercial in their approach. With a flexible approach and able to work to strict deadlines, you will have excellent written and verbal communication skills combined with strong IT skills. With a confident and outgoing nature, you will be as happy advising clients as you will be developing contacts and networking for new business leads. Qualifications: You will preferably be ACA qualified with at least 2**** years postqualification experience in Corporate Finance and have experience of working with owner–managed businesses. Benefits depending on Grade: Annual salary review. ****/26 days annual leave plus Bank Holidays. Full time Pension depending on grade Life Assurance (3xsalary) Critical Illness Scheme. Contributory AXA PPP Health Scheme. Noncontributory Simply Health Scheme (after probationary period). Ongoing Performance Appraisal Scheme resulting in your own Performance and Development Review and real career development opportunities and promotion for the right people. Training CPD support. We are an Investors in People employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CorporateFinanceAccountantACAACCA_job****