Title: Finance Manager Public Sector
Webindex: 68015247
Company: Abacus Professional Recruitment
Description: Our client is a leading Public Sector organisation that due to an increasing workload in the corporate services department wishes to appoint a postqualified Accountant to assist with a range of financial tasks such as:  Financial Management Reporting  Statutory Returns  Budgets Analysis  Treasury  Payroll This will be a 69 month contract with a prorata salary of ****k (approx.) available for the chosen candidate. Candidates interested in this role would need to be available to interview quickly and commence work within the next 2 weeks if successful. Interested candidates should be able to exhibit on their CV:  3 years experience of managing all aspects of a complex organisation s finance and accounting activities including provision of financial and management reports, controlling and monitoring budgets and preparation of annual accounts.  Extensive experience in the use of Sage 50 Accounts and Sage 50 Payroll  Experience in the preparation of yearly financial accounts in compliance with public sector and or public bodies accounting requirements.  Experience of managing a complex organisation s internal audit function and liaising with external auditors.  Experience in the preparation of a monthly payroll function and preparation and filing of all inyear and yearend statutory forms and returns. A full person specification and job description is available upon request by contacting Justin Rush from Abacus. Abacus is an awardwinning specialist agency providing permanent, contact and temporary staff to various professional sectors since **** Find career advice, videos and all jobs on www.abacus.jobs or via Linkedin, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and G. Applications that match the relevant criteria will generate a priority response. Abacus operates as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business, adheres to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless of age, sex, disability or religious belief.