Title: Accounts Assistant/Office Manager
Webindex: 72115817
Company: Office Angels
Description: Accounts Assistant/Office Manager 23,000 Office Angels Bristol are currently recruiting on behalf of a leading firm based half an hour between Bath and Bristol. My client is looking for an experienced Accounts Assistant to provide additional Office Managerial duties in the absence of the General Manager. The successful candidate will be proactive, dynamic and seeking a varied and challenging role. Principal Activities  Sales and Purchase Ledger  Creating single and batch supplier payments  Online banking  Month and year end reconciliation  Monthly reports  Reconciliation of petty cash  Processing expenses  Credit control  checking credit ratings and setting customer limits  Debt chasing  Daily supervision of a busy office Key Attributes  Excellent team player  Managerial experience  Ability to prioritise workload  SAGE LINE **** experience is essential  Proactive approach to work Due to the nature of the role, a CRB will be processed prior to commencing in the role. Own transport is essential due to the remote location of the offices. Benefits  23 days holiday plus bank holidays  Career development Every single application we receive is reviewed by a member of the team at Office Angels Bristol. We will respond in writing within one working day. We get a large number of applications every day so it s not possible to call everyone but if we feel we can help we ll call you to discuss how. To apply for this position please call (Apply online only) or email (url removed) The team at Office Angels Bristol are experts in their field, recruiting for a variety of clients of all industries and sizes throughout the area including Bristol City Centre, Avonmouth, Chipping Sodbury, Severn Beach, Yate, Aztec West, Clevedon, WestonSuperMare, Nailsea, Bath, Kingswood, Filton, Thornbury, Portishead, Hanham, Clifton and more. When we receive your application we consider whether there are other opportunities that might interest you, but feel free to help us by applying for all roles that suit your needs. For a range of advice designed to give you the head start you need in your search for work please visit our website. Office Angels is an equal opportunities employer