Title: Paraplanner Manager
Webindex: 72115792
Company: Compliance Resource Solutions Ltd 
Description: Our Client is well known and operates within the Financial Services IFA Market. They are now looking to meet with an Experienced Paraplanner. The Job: A Qualified and Experienced Paraplanner to support a group of highly productive self employed Partners to deliver an outstanding research and report writing service to their High Net Worth clients.  Manage a team of paraplanners to support Partners in carrying out high quality research on a full range of financial planning products and services in line with Our Clients advice processes and compliance framework.  Write comprehensive and compliant detailed strategy and suitability reports. Manage the team s workflow, providing input and solutions and taking overall responsibility for the teams work and each individuals objectives and development.  Work closely with the Centralised Paraplanning Manager, Head of Investment Research and Compliance Technical to share and adopt best practice. A strong working knowledge of pre and post retirement planning (including pension transfers), investments and taxation to high net worth clients is key to this role. Duties will include (but not Ltd to): Ability to understand and articulate the Partners requirements, in line with the client s objectives flagging any opportunities and concerns. Obtaining information on client s existing financial arrangements and conducting a gap analysis. Identifying sales opportunities Producing high quality strategy and suitability reports that are clear to the client, written in plain English and take account of any compliance requirements. Researching the market in line with guidance from the Partner, the client s circumstances and objectives. Regular, open and honest communication with the relevant Partner throughout this process is of paramount importance. Manage workflow and quality of the teams reports, overcoming roadblocks in getting cases approved. The role will be varied and requires a numerate and articulate individual who is highly organised, self motivated and can influence others. The ideal candidate must possess excellent PC skills and have proven communication skills. You must have the ability to balance commercial needs with compliance requirements and be able to identify sales opportunities and flag any concerns. Candidate Requirements: Essential Level 6 qualified Proven experience of providing a first class paraplanning service Proven experience of managing a highly productive team of paraplanners to deliver an efficient technical research and quality report writing service. Able to communicate, build relationships and influence at all levels Excellent organisational and prioritising skills, with the ability to stay focused under pressure. Highly numerate and analytical. Ability to balance commercial needs with compliance requirements. Previous experience of working within an IFA environment with a good knowledge of pension transfers, investment, SIPPs, post retirement and Inheritance Tax planning. Knowledge of research tools Wider knowledge of industry issues including TCF and RDR. Strong PC skills with good knowledge of MS Word, Excel and Outlook. Demonstrate ongoing learning and compliance with CPD requirements. Key Skills and Personal Attributes A positive, friendly, service orientated person with a can do attitude who is aware of the important role played by advisers in providing financial advice. Articulate communicator. Honesty, integrity and ability to maintain confidence and confidentiality are key attributes. Hard working and responsive to the need to deliver a high quality support service. Attention to detail and exceptionally high standards of work. There is also an Excellent Salary & Benefits Package Available