Title: Delegated Underwriting Authority Auditor
Webindex: 67905068
Company: Taylor James Resourcing Limited
Description: Delegated Underwriting Authority Auditor. To ****  bonus This leading global insurance organisation has an excellent market reputation and is continuing to expand rapidly. The offer a dynamic and progressive working environment, a very generous benefits package and real opportunities for career development. They are looking for a candidate with DUA or audit experience to join their London office. The successful candidate will provide assurance that the Delegated Underwriting Authority (DUA) agreements written via the Lloyd s and Company market are operated to the expected standards through regular audit and reporting to senior management. General Description Undertaking a designated number of onsite Coverholder audits both in the UK and overseas, in accordance with agreed processes and scope. Delivery of audit findings and management action plans via written reports to senior management. Conduct postaudit meetings with underwriters to communicate the audit results, discuss outstanding issues and agree an action plan for the resolution of all recommendations made. Contribute to the continual review and enhancement of the Audit Scope and procedures. Analyse audit reports undertaken on behalf of the company by external service providers and escalate any issues that require further attention. Essential Requirements Have appropriate experience gained in an audit or DUA environment. Display good communication skills and be able to lead post audit debrief meetings where necessary with Senior Management. Have a good level of computer literacy (Word Excel). Have strong analytical and report writing skills. Work autonomously in the delivery of the annual audit schedule. Have a flexible approach to travel within the UK and Overseas. Have the ability to develop good relationships with brokers, clients and colleagues, and have a friendly, outgoing personality.