Title: Senior FP A Analyst
Webindex: 72689231
Company: Volt
Description: Senior FP A Analyst, up to ****k  bonus  excellent benefits An excellent opportunity has arisen for an experienced FP A Analyst to work for a leading service provider to the banking financial services sector based in North West London. THE ROLE: Business Partnering Partner with specified product/project managers to provide financial support and guidance with a view to ensuring enhancing profitability and ensuring finance/business interaction is smooth FP A Support Work with the senior product/project managers to ensure that they understand their numbers including providing challenge and support. This will involve attending monthly/fortnightly programme and product meetings boards. Product P L Project Analysis Oversee analysis that identifies the key drivers of performance and collate into meaningful messaging for senior product managers and Commercial Services Forecasting Planning Oversee the financial forecasting collate into meaningful messaging for senior product managers and Commercial Services Financial Accounting Ensure that accounting processes are understood and adhered to including revenue recognition and VAT recovery maximisation. Deputise for FP A Manager Deputise as required for the FP A THE PERSON: Qualified CIMA / ACCA / ACA FP A experience, including full P L variance analysis and forecasting for future multiple years. Ability to work on own initiative and remotely from the main finance team. Good and clear communication skills with the ability to clear explain financial information to nonfinancial managers and the ability to work with people at all levels of the business. Clear understanding of revenue recognition and cost matching principles. Strong Excel skills including the ability to create high quality individual reports, including ad hoc reporting. Good organising, time management and planning skills in order that deadlines are met. Ability to work as an integral member of the other Finance teams. PLEASE APPLY WITH YOUR CV.