Title: Financial Planner  Milton Keynes
Webindex: 71809162
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Financial Planner Milton Keynes Salary up to **** plus benefits, bonus A leading firm of financial planners who are backed by a cash rich consortium are keen to add to the Advisory team, they work with clients who share the values of the practice and offer clients a unique, feebased financial planning model which helps clients achieve the long term financial goals. As a practice they deliver high quality advice to a range of wealthy private and corporate clients holding strong relationships with various professional introducers such as accounting, legal and tax firms. With a qualified and technically able support team the firm can remove the constraints of administration, compliance and paraplanning and have excellent systems and platforms in place, many of the existing client monies are held on platforms. The firm would like to add a well qualified (minimum Level 4) individual who has an existing portfolio of clients of circa **** / 4mil FUM that he or she is struggling to grow, the practice will be able to assist with new leads and new introducers which will help grow the client following. If an Adviser is able to demonstrate these credentials the firm are willing to discuss a very competitive basic package with longer term incentives. The role would suit a strong Financial Planner who is keen to join a strong and respected brand or an Adviser who would like to work part of a team and remove the constraints of being selfemployed. Please visit URL removed for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.