Title: Personal Line Account Handler
Webindex: 70250054
Company: MW Appointments.
Description: Personal Lines Account Manager  to****  Bournemouth Located across the UK in a network of branches, our client is a leading provider of insurance broking services to private and business clients throughout the UK. They actively looking for an Account Handler who has experience with Motor (high net worth), Home and some Travel insurance knowledge Account Handler will look after a portfolio of clients, inviting their renewals, dealing with any mid term adjustments. There will be an element of new business and cross selling. They work towards targets and there is a bonus scheme in place which is uncapped on income over target. JOB PURPOSE: To develop and maintain a portfolio of clients that encourages long term relationships, encompassing new business, renewals and adjustments, through client contact, and the preparation of presentations and the maintenance of manual and ITbased office systems.  To realise individual sales targets through the achievement of new business and renewal figures, self monitoring individual sales activity to ensure all avenues are maximised.  To ensure that telephone response times are maintained in accordance with specified parameters.  Ensure that insurance and risk management needs are fully met to the satisfaction of clients and the team.  To ensure that full presentations are sent out to market, and are actively managed to ensure the best premium and level of cover are obtained for the needs of the client.  To be aware of premium dues and bad dept and minimise levels working in line with processes and procedures to avoid credit control referrals. Candidates MUST have experience from a broking background, be an effective communicator and possess a desire to provide service excellence. Ref: 130165 MW Appointments is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PersonalLineAccountHandler_job****