Title: Portfolio Manager  Pensions Administrator
Webindex: 68508703
Description: A Portfolio Manager is required in Dorking to undertake an exciting new role with a leading financial services organisation. The successful candidate will provide a confident proactive administration service that covers the most profitable schemes or portfolio. Responsibilities:  To have an understanding of processes that relate to administration and to be an escalation point for their aligned clients on process matters.  To plan and organise your workload to ensure clients' targets and expectations are constantly exceeded.  Be flexible in approach taking on new challenges and schemes as problems arise  To oversee admin focused retention activity  To implement/coordinate scheme design changes  To lead and manage scheme level admin transition activity  To have full and extensive knowledge of the Contracts within the area.  Oversee the work of the admin team on matters relating to their portfolio ensure consistent service levels across the portfolio.  To be able to undertake presentations to external clients and internal partners at all levels.  To be an integral part of the tender process and be able to participate in beauty parades or site visits as an admin proposition and system expert.  To be able to produce any administration service related management information that a client could request  To construct internal and external facing administration guides if required  To maintain an awareness of legislative changes and proactively communicate changes to processes to clients that may arise from these.  To recognise opportunities (and probe) on potential growth areas and take ownership to ensure these are followed up.  To undertake a formal quarterly administration service reviews with clients (preferably face to face), ensuring the feedback is communicated with all relevant internal partners and best practise shared with regard any subsequent actions  To take responsibility for any new administration initiatives and ensure an effective roll out on aligned portfolios. Experience and Qualifications Required:  Have strong pensions administration experience with exposure to occupational pensions administration advantageous  Solid knowledge of UK Pensions legislation and administration  Must have FA**** and CF****