Title: Senior AnalystCollections Strategy AnalystFinancial Services
Webindex: 72480018
Company: Harnham Search and Selection Ltd
Description: Senior Analyst  Collections Strategy Analyst  Financial Services THE COMPANY The company is major financial services organisation. They are rapidly expanding and are acquiring more and more portfolios. It is a very exciting time to join the company as it has strong investment plans coming up. THE ROLE The Senior Collections Strategy Analyst will be responsible for developing, implementing and maintaining Collections strategies for the company. The role will be managing external agency strategies and post segmentation and prioritisation. The Senior Analyst will be working with several departments in Risk as well as other functions in the business and will be producing analysis to support the design of new strategies and understand and present their impact. YOUR SKILL AND EXPERIENCE  Strong analytical experience in a portfolio or collections role in a consumer lending environment. Other environment considered.  Experience coding in SAS or SQL  Project management/Relationship Management experience preferred.  Must have experience developing and maintaining credit risk strategies THE BENEFITS The successful candidate can expect a salary of up to **** basic salary  benefits HOW TO APPLY If you are interested in the opportunity then please contact Hannah Villanueva on **** or send your CV to hannahvillanuevaharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS SAS, SQL, SPSS, Collections and Recoveries, Pricing, Manager, Line Management, Strategy, portfolio, credit risk, sas base, manager, credit risk manager, Debt OUR COMPANY Harnham Search Selection focuses on niche areas of recruitment where many of the UK s businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. Harnham s primary focus includes the Statistical Analytical, Credit Risk, Business Intelligence and IT employment markets. Contact us on **** **** or hannahvillanuevaharnhamsearch.com Senior Analyst  Collections Strategy Analyst  Financial Services