Title: Analyst Programmer/Systems Analyst/Applications Programmer
Webindex: 69172185
Company: SCom
Description: Analyst Programmer Job, Systems Analyst Job, Applications Programmer Job, Basingstoke, Hampshire. My client is looking to recruit Analyst Programmers for their office in Basingstoke, Hampshire. In this role you will build computerised functions which meet agreed specification and technical standards as well as taking the lead in finding and delivering timely solutions to production application issues involving selected areas of the applications portfolio. You will also gain an understanding of simple business issues and ensure that these are addressed within the design of system solutions. You will work with minimal supervision on simple application change and work within a team to design and enhance more complex system solutions. You will build new and enhance existing functional components using efficient and maintainable code, whilst ensuring all components are tested against specifications to support a quality delivery. Required Knowledge and Skills: For this role the successful candidate will be proficient in their depth of understanding and technical knowledge of database software such as, Access, SQL Server, DB**** Oracle, Informix, Sybase. Also required is proficiency in programming languages such as COBOL, C++, Visual Basic, ASP, ASP.Net, C, etc. Familiarity with application development methods, techniques and standards such as SSADM, DSDM and Objectory/UML, UML would be an advantage. Experience Required: Experience of writing effective code for a multitier application environment. Experience of writing effective code for printed output solution. Experience of finding solutions to programme problems effectively.The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SCom is a trading name of S.com Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AnalystProgrammerSystemsAnalystApplicationsProgrammer_job****