Title: Partqualified
Webindex: 67768462
Company: Hays A F
Description: Please apply immediately for this six months role. It will suit a part qualified accountant, (band level 5) You will be responsible for  Provision financial project based assignments to support the set up, development and implementation of a new finance service using a shared service model and to report to the Business Accountant.  To provide support to interpret financial information to ensure budget holders are briefed trained and understand new operating procedures.  To contribute to year end processes in order that the yearend financial balances are accurate and that the accounting balances are accurately transferred and set up in the new ledgers.  Contribute to process development to ensure new finance process are documented, effective efficient, and provide a sound level of financial control.  Involved in management accounts  QUALIFICATIONS Studying in the stages of a recognised CCAB Accounting qualification. Member of Professional Accountancy Body or soon to qualify. Educated to degree level or equivalent  KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERTISE Knowledge of a wide range of software consisting of Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and financial systems (Oracle Financials preferred). In depth knowledge of accounting concepts & fundamentals, for example, accruals and prepayments, budgets, forecasts etc Knowledge of integrated finance systems covering most modules of a typical finance service Systems development and implementation experience. Skills in financial report writing packages  EXPERIENCE Proven experience of working in a finance environment is essential with experience and detailed knowledge of the way finance works across the spectrum Significant experience within a management accounting services environment and the proven ability to deal effectively with non financial managers Experience of a range of Finance dept functions covering AP , AR, GL and accounting systems Experience within an NHS finance function  ANALYTICAL AND JUDGMENTAL SKILLS To be able in analyse and interpret financial data such as pay and non pay costs efficiently and effectively with minimal supervision. High level of attention to detail and the ability to quality assure documents. Ability to manage requests for information and support and having due regard for urgency  INTERPERSONAL SKILLS Ability to get on with a range on different people at all levels in the Agency. Persuasive and tactful Confident, approachable and able to work under pressure. Ability to remain objective and calm when dealing with difficult situations Ability to work autonomously and as part of a small team. High level of customer service Willing to work flexiblyHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk