Title: MOTOR CLAIMS TEAM LEADER / MANAGER DSCJ****
Webindex: 72218615
Company: Clark James Insurance And Financial Services Recruitment
Description: Clark James Insurance Recruitment have a challenging and exciting new role ideal for candidates with a good level of Motor claims as well as supervisory experience. The role is with a forward thinking, expanding and progressive Motor Insurer with a stable background and big future. Working in a growing, busy office environment, you will be leading and developing a team of AD claims handlers. Managing the performance of this team to ensure productivity, quality and customer service goals are maximised. You will work in partnership with other Team Leaders in communicating and making agreed change happen across the Motor Claims Unit as a whole to support the achievement of business goals. You will also work closely with Technical Experts to develop your team to deliver a high level of performance to achieve those goals. Role purpose middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; You rsquo;ll be leading, motivating and developing a team to perform and achieve business results. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; You will ensure that your team has the required skills to achieve claims handling and other performance targets, providing coaching and support to address any shortfalls. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; You rsquo;ll be agreeing performance objectives and development plans for your team and actively managing the contribution of your team using key performance indicators. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; You will be responsible for ensuring that the team is appropriately resourced at all times to maximise delivery of the defined levels of customer service and claims handling. middot; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; As a Team Leader you will also resolve referred customer and claim related issues in a manner which maximises customer and company satisfaction. Previous leadership experience in an AD claims environment is essential as well as the ability to understand and guide handlers with repair, total loss and recovery claims in line with claims practices, procedures and philosophies. nbsp;