Title: Wider Market Account Executive  Insurance
Webindex: 66887305
Company: Office Angels
Description: Wider Market Account Executive  Insurance ****  ****  company car, bonus scheme and pension. A vacancy has arisen in Uckfield with responsibility for sales supervision and generating new wider market business within the Insurance field. Working for an award winning company, you will be selling products and services in a professional and solution orientated manner. You will advising customers, identifying cross selling opportunities, developing relationships and business with new and existing clients. The main activities of this role will be: Supervise team to achieve sales and performance objectives Leading by example, motivating, driving and challenging others to succeed Coaching, providing feedback, training and developing staff Developing wider market new business Selling and advising on new business products Introducing Financial Consultant and Risk Management Services Carrying out external sales calls Driving new business campaigns Building rapport and relationships effectively The main requirements of the role are: Experience of supervising and driving sales teams to succeed Excellent sales experience, ideally in insurance, however training will be provided Good customer service and people management skills An outgoing personality and ability to thrive in a small team working environment High levels of selfmotivation being sales and target driven with a real desire to succeed Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) Ability to build rapport and relationships effectively Required Qualifications Candidates are required to have a minimum of **** GCSEs (or equivalent) at grade C or above, including Maths and English. You will be expected to obtain CII Diploma/Advanced Diploma and Internal Licences within an agreed timescale if not already held. A full, clean driving licence is also required. This company have an excellent reputation as a market leader and invest heavily in training and development of their staff. They place heavy emphasis on recruiting the correct staff to ensure a long and rewarding career is offered to all that join them. If you would like to work for a company that will allow you to reach your full potential and more, please apply online today. Please note that candidates with a background in the following will appeal: Insurance sales (ideally commercial), Financial Services (sales). Although candidates with a solid work history selling within other industries will also be considered