Title: Online Fraud Analyst
Webindex: 67018600
Company: Risk Skills Recruitment Services
Description: Online Fraud Analyst Home Counties  Herts/Beds Permanent pound;**** ndash; pound;****  fantastic benefits. nbsp; Responsibilities nbsp; middot; Monitoring daily fraudulent movement and protecting the business against the fraudulent and improper use of payment transactions mitigating revenue loss. middot; Supporting existing and new fraud investigations/prevention programs middot; Being flexible in supporting the Disputed Payments function as and when required middot; Fielding internal and external fraud questions/queries middot; Promoting business wide awareness of the Revenue Protection team whilst building internal and external relationships nbsp; middot; Identifying areas that should be evaluated for risk of online fraud middot; Assisting police in conspiracy, money laundering investigations where required middot; Operating within strict banking and card scheme regulatory and legislative environment middot; Adhering to Data Protection Act middot; Obtaining a detailed understanding of the fraud scoring process that is completed by my clients Fraud Database Supplier, its impact on each booking and its effectiveness in identifying fraud. middot; Raising technical issues with Revenue Protection Leadership Team and / or Lead Revenue Protection Analysts. middot; Dealing with policy abuse fraud in a professional manner, proactively contacting cardholders to resolve any issues and recover any outstanding funds middot; Being flexible in the requirement to work shifts to cover a **** day roster nbsp; Key Skills Must speak fluent English and French. Other language skills would be advantageous. High level of integrity and professionalism nbsp; Must have exceptional communication skills, including interpersonal, negotiation, influencing skills, etc. nbsp;In additional must have strong written communication skills Strong telephone and customer service skills Flexibility to work shifts including evenings and weekends Excellent decision making, problem solving, and analytical skills Ability to take a balanced approach when evaluating card fraud losses and fraud prevention rules impacting on customers Accuracy in the interrogation and production of data is essential Ability to operate within strict banking and card scheme regulatory and legislative environment Must be highly organised and have the ability to both multitask and prioritise activities To be able to deliver quantity and quality nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Due to the high volume of applications received, if you do not hear from us within **** working days, I am afraid your application has been unsuccessful. nbsp; Risk amp; Counter Fraud Skills is member of the Red Snapper Group. nbsp; The Red Snapper Group acts as an employment agency (permanent) and as an employment business (temporary)  a free and confidential service to candidates. nbsp; The Red Snapper Recruitment Group is an equal opportunities employer. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp;