Title: Compliance Advisory Manager  Transactional Banking
Webindex: 67018486
Company: Hays Risk Compliance
Description: My client, a global investment bank require an experienced Compliance Advisor to join their team. Working with the Head of Private Side Advisory Compliance, the candidate will provide compliance advisory services to the Transaction Banking business unit. You will be expected to have working experience of trade finance and treasury products. You will need a detailed understanding of Transaction Banking products and services, the regulatory expectations relating to them, and the ability to work closely with the business unit to provide commercially sensitive solutions to regulatory issues (including in relation to the Payment Services Regulations, the Banking Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and the FSA s expectations regarding  in particular in relation to customer treatment. You will work closely in particular with the Compliance Advisory teams supporting the Investment Banking Coverage teams. As the Compliance business partner for Transaction Banking, the candidate will also be expected to provide the link into the core central compliance teams (including Monitoring, Training, and Regulatory Developments) as well as sister teams in the wider Risk Division (including Financial Crime). You will need to have experience of working within, and providing leadership to, a compliance team. The role requires the individual to have firstclass relationship management skills and the ability to drive compliance culture within the business.  To develop relationships at a senior level across Transaction Banking, and the functions supporting it.  To develop and maintain an understanding of Transaction Banking, and its development plans (including the Transaction Banking Transformation programme).  To ensure that they are aware of all regulatory requirements and developments applying to Transaction Banking s products and services.  To ensure that appropriate advice and guidance is provided to Transaction Banking.  To work with management and the business in Transaction Banking to ensure that processes and controls are in place to manage regulatory expectations.  To work effectively with, in particular, the Compliance Advisory teams supporting the coverage business units.  To ensure that regular Conflict Mapping and Compliance Risk assessments are undertaken, and agreed with the business units  and to ensure that action plans are agreed to manage the risks identified appropriately. To find out more please call Stephen Borner on **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk