Title: Interim Finance Manager ****k
Webindex: 69850763
Company: Abacus Professional Recruitment
Description: Reporting To Financial Director the successful candidate for this senior position will be a postqualified accountant that possesses significant commercial acumen built up in a large corporate environment. This is a ****k level opportunity for a **** month duration. Purpose This position will report to the Financial Director and will be responsible for providing high quality analysis and decision support. The purpose of the role is to assist the Financial Director to provide outstanding analytics and sound problem solving to complete a wide range of financial projects. Needs to quickly assimilate different situations and make proactive assessment of trends, risks and identify solutions and areas of opportunity. Must be able to demonstrate strong thought leadership and interpersonal skills with the ability to work with a diverse and demanding set of business partners. Essential Qualifications / Skills / Experience Self motivated with proven analytical, organizational and problems solving skills. Ability to demonstrate excellent relationship building, interpersonal and communication skills at all levels. Can demonstrate strong modeling and PC skills including proven proficiency in the use of MS Excel, PowerPoint, Business Objects and Agresso. Can demonstrate high levels of personal accountability and flexibility to prioritise and meet deadlines whilst maintaining composure. Proven track record of dynamically managing Projects to target , to include identification of risks/opportunities and provision of meaningful commentaries and analysis. Experience of forecasting and planning process A finance professional with recognised qualification, with proven experience of delivery results over a sustained period in a challenging environment Can demonstrate leading, managing, inspiring and development talent. Essential Competencies Ability to manage own and team s time and effectively prioritize multiple tasks to meet tight deadlines. Anticipates changing Customer needs and seeks to create value for the Customer Highly motivated and productive and seeks additional opportunities when not busy with normal workload Good interpersonal and team player who can build and deepen relationships and collaborate across the team to deliver outstanding results Is compelling and has impact, creates a credible impression Structures analyses and reporting to improve the economics of the business and Interprets financial information to identify profitability drivers and other factors impacting business performance. Demonstrates personal excellence on a day to day basis and provides valuable input to influence the shape of the team s direction. Abacus is an awardwinning specialist agency providing permanent, contact and temporary staff to various professional sectors since **** Find career advice, videos and all jobs on www.abacus.jobs or via Linkedin, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and G. Applications that match the relevant criteria will generate a priority response. Abacus operates as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business, adheres to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless of age, sex, disability or religious belief. Abacus is an Investor in People (IIP) company.