Title: Finance Graduate
Webindex: 70768043
Company: Sodexo
Description: **** plus full CIMA study support & benefits Are you interested in a career with a business that gives you the potential develop in the finance arena? Are you interested in working for a company that genuinely offers global career opportunities? After the successful implementation of our first finance graduate scheme last year we are looking to build on that success in ****3. Sodexo is a company that truly believes in developing its talent and if a career in finance interests you then we may be just the organisation for you. Did you know that we provide a range of outsourced services to a vast array of clients including most FTSE 100 firms, major sporting events (think the Royal Ascot and Rugby World Cup to name a few), MOD sites, the NHS and quite possibly your current university? We are looking to recruit talented individuals with a desire to progress their career. In return we offer full CIMA support along with a range of additional benefits and the opportunity to work for the 22nd largest employer in the world. We’ll provide the best possible start to your finance career, supporting you from our offices in London and Salford Quays. The scheme last for 3 years, during which time you will move around the various business segments gaining rapid business experience and exponentially developing your skill set whilst studying for the CIMA qualification. Requirements • A Bachelor’s degree 2.1 or above • A minimum of 300 UCAS points • Exceptional communication skills • A fast learner with excellent attention to detail • Highly organised with the ability to work under pressure • Geographically mobile across the UK .So, if you think you think you’ve got what it takes then apply today… In the UK and Ireland, Sodexo employs some **** employees to deliver integrated facilities management services to clients at over **** locations in the corporate, healthcare, education, leisure, defence and justice sectors. With an annual turnover of over 1bn, we provide everything from catering, cleaning and reception to security, laboratory and grounds maintenance services, enabling our clients to focus on their core business. Sodexo and our clients are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. Applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Criminal Records Bureau. Please be aware that a CRB check may be required Closing date is 8th February