Title: Project Accountant Job  West Yorkshire
Webindex: 65803425
Description: This successful West Yorkshire Manufacturing business is currently looking to recruit a Commercial Cost Controller to report directly through to the Finance Director to manage the value for money and cost in projects, create and maintain constant contact with all stakeholders, to identify programming issues to ensure projects are completed to time and budget. Key responsibilities of the Commercial Cost Controller will include:  To manage the value for money and cost in Systems projects, from the initial calculations to the final figures.  Constant contact with all parties prior to project start, details kept on record thus enabling Installation managers to receive compiled file detailing all up to date and relevant documentation for the project.  To identify programming issues with Contract Director to ensure installations are to time and budget and costs managed as agreed with the client.  To agree with client the stage payment process and final account figures in liaison with Project and Commercial teams.  To prepare the account reconciliation for each project to the timeframe as agreed with the client and company.  To coordinate and liaise with Contract / Project Manager and main contractor from implementation through to completion.  Proactive approach to client and main contractor's requirements.  To inform relevant project team members of all changes/variations and address with team.  To ensure Contract Managers agree all variations and compile a report detailing all extras/ additions.  To manage the contract documents including bill of quantities.  Ensure all quotations are delivered to the client in a timely manner.  Valuing completed work and arranging payments.  In conjunction with Divisional Director ensure payments are received and accounts closed down.  Delivering money to the business by reducing costs.  Capturing all possible variations prior to and during Installation.  Manage valuation process thereby ensuring cash flow forecasts are met.  Obtain closure documents of installation from Site manager and the client or its representatives.  Working with Contract/Project Manager to resolve outstanding payments The ideal Commercial Cost Controller will possess the following attributes/skills:  Extensive experience of all aspects of cost management.  Experience in working within a project management environment.  Good commercial acumen and a keen eye for detail.  Good written and oral communication skills.  CIMA or ACA Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****