Title: Lead Change Manager
Webindex: 57713463
Company: JOBG8
Description: Lead Change Manager  Basingstoke Salary level  5070k Financial Services client requires a Project Manager/Change Manager to join an integrated banking solutions team. Position would ideally suit a Management Consultant looking to furhter career within Financial Services. Role Responsibilities: Responsible for the overall management control and delivery of the business change activity on Business Critical Projects with a budget of millions and offering lead business analysis on major projects and programmes Dependent on the need of the business. This may be through working on a single largescale project, or through parallel multiple project deliveries. Will act as the first point of contact for the team in Basingstoke  both as a point of information and resolution. Responsible for shaping/forming project delivery strategies, which will enable Business Transformation to best utilise the capability and capacity of the team. Demonstrates project management/lead analysis expertise by creation of project deliverables that meet or exceed the needs of the stakeholders. Directs, manages and controls team members, including vendors and external suppliers, to deliver the project/s to required quality, cost and delivery timeframes. Key skills required: Project Manager with extensive Programme/Project experience ideally within the banking sector. Command of business analysis techniques  including the application of industry standard methodologies, techniques, complex modelling, scenario planning and use of software Must have a track record of managing large business and technical Programme/Projects. Understand the means of business requirements gathering  including business process reengineering; input into organisations design, operating models Strong Programme/Project mobilisation/initiation/planning experience in addition to management of established Programme/Projects. Innovative problem solving  ability to challenge the status quo and drive beneficial change Must be able to demonstrate good stakeholder management, communication and presentation skills, with strong and influential personal credibility. Experience of managing business change/transformation challenges. Knowledge and demonstrable practical understanding of delivering change Programme/Projects into ITIL based organisations. Strong leadership skills with evidence of managing large teams across a range of disciplines and locations. Demonstrable record of managing million pound Programme/Project budgets effectively, and delivering within budgetary constraints. Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****