Title: COMMERCIAL ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE (NEW BUSINESS) dscj****
Webindex: 67779235
Company: Clark James Insurance And Financial Services Recruitment
Description: Clark James Insurance Recruitment are a leading specialist recruiter within Insurance covering the South East of the UK. We currently have an excellent opportunity in the with a very prestigious and well know specialist commercial broker who are well regarding in the industry. We are looking for motivated, hungry and proven Commercial Account Executives / Development Execs who have a successful history and track record in procuring and developing new business and clients. You will be assisted with lots of warm leads as well as coming up with your own prospects but the ideal candidate will be good at networking. You will also be able to look after some of these new clients on a long term basis. The company are particularly flexible about what business you would go after so you can very much work to your strengths and employ tried and tested methods that work for you. If you have a book of business to bring over with you this would be an advantage but will not be a necessity as long as you can demonstrate the product knowledge, sales skills and desire to maximise your earnings and add significant value to the business by growing the book. We appreciate most sales staff operate with a **** year covenant so your application will be more attractive if you genuinely have business to bring across after this period. It will not be a necessity to report to the office every day so due to the nature of this role we are happy to consider candidates living within an hour or so of the Watford, Chelmsford or Bromley areas, initially you will spend time in the office familiarising yourself with the company and staff The basic salary will be pound;**** to pound;**** per annum plus serious commission earning potential, however for exceptional candidates with business to bring this is negotiable. Very realistic year one targets which should be easily achievable once you have settled in. All applications will be dealt with in the strictest confidence as we are aware of the sensitivity of this kind of role so you can apply in confidence.