Title: Regular Premium Product Manager, Savings Investment
Webindex: 70341346
Company: Changes Careers
Description: Our client brings together over 200 years of experience in looking after their customers. They offer a wide range of products for individual customers, commercial businesses and other institutions. They provide pensions, investments and insurance to 5 million customers around the world. About this Role The successful applicant will be responsible for designing and delivering a scalable base of regular premium savings and investment products that will then be quot;assembled rdquo; in to a coherent and suitable customer proposition in the regions. The role takes cues on what product is needed from the customer proposition manager based in the regions e.g. where our client rsquo;s distributors / customers are located. The successful applicant will be responsible for designing and delivering a suite of regular premium savings nbsp;and investment products globally for our client rsquo;s international division for both Global Expatriates and Domestic Affluent Customers. The role will work closely with customer proposition managers based in Hong Kong nbsp;and Dubai covering key markets of Hong Kong, Singapore, Middle East nbsp;and the Rest of the World. The role will be responsible for in excess of pound;100m APE per annum. Responsibilities Successfully delivers new regular and single premium savings and investment products to target customer groups as identified by the Global Expat/Domestic Affluent proposition managers across all channels (Bank amp; IFA) Designs regular and single premium savings and investment products endtoend so that they meet defined objectives (financial and customer). Writes product specs and identifies platform/delivery criteria Leads, with support from the actuarial team, to ensure savings and investment products are priced to make money. Interacts with appropriate divisions to understand the key drivers of the financial metrics underlying regular and single premium savings and investment products Provides content for core product literature. Is responsible for the technical accuracy of all regular and single premium savings and investment product and proposition documentation (excluding policy conditions amp; fund documentation). Responsible for the product performance of lsquo;live rsquo; (open to new business) regular and single premium savings and investment products globally. Monitors product performance against plan through product reviews to ensure delivery against company and customer expectations. Highlights areas of concern and works with key stakeholders to recommend and deliver remedial action Responsible for ensuring processes and controls are built into the product development lifecycle to enable a clear demonstration of adherence to all relevant local regulatory requirements. Proactively works with key internal stakeholders responding to regulatory and internal process developments to ensure lsquo;rule rsquo; responsibilities remain current and documented. Knowledge, Skills and Behaviours Understand the financials of Life insurance and in particular the metrics around cash generation and profitability. Strong problem solving and analytical abilities  Ability to solve complex problems, propose alternative solutions, explore new ways, etc. Organised and able to prioritise own workload Creative thinking ndash; can demonstrate originality evidence of pushing boundaries Ability to communicate with all levels of management. Teamwork and team fit ndash; ability to work in a core team to lsquo;get the job done rsquo;, whilst also being able to drive forwards on own where appropriate. Strong attention to detail Personal presence  Confidence, credible and able to effectively put points across Drive nbsp;and aspiration Evidence of drive, resilience Strong knowledge of the international savings and investment marketplace, including: local marketing/ promotional rules and regulations; an understanding of the regular premium savings amp; investment product offerings of international competitors (local and offshore) and unique selling points of each. Experience working in the offshore life market. Degree or equivalent preferred. Benefits Salary of between pound;**** and pound;**** per annum (depending on location and experience) Annual performance related pay review and bonus Defined contribution pension scheme. 30 days annual leave