Title: Capital Markets Management Accountant
Webindex: 72626922
Company: Albany Beck Consulting Ltd
Description: An opportunity has arisen for a capital markets management accountant to join the finance team at one of our top tier clients. Management accountant responsibilities: Liaison with Front Office business managers, Product Control, central finance teams and financial controllers to deliver regional MI as required by Commercial Banking Finance Global Reporting Team. Consolidation of UK Financial Markets Flash on a monthly basis and follow up action points with Product Control. Assist in the preparation of the weekly flash. This will include preparation of the commentary on results. Investigate MA/FA reconciliation differences. Assist in the production of the ALCO pack on a monthly basis. Assist in the production of the Quarterly MI reports, including provision of extensive commentary Prepare or Review journals prior to submission into MASS (Management Account System). Collection and submission of Client data into client profitability reporting tool and back report to Stakeholders. Production of Quarterly Forecasts and annual Medium Term Plan (MTP) consolidation reports. Perform Monthly, Quarterly MTP submissions into management accounting systems. Financial Control of DCM (Debt Capital Markets) books. This involves monthly reconciliations, journals, meetings with the front office and the production of as hoc and month end P L s. Working with the wider finance team on process improvement and project work as it arises. Management accountant requirements ACA/ACCA/CIMA qualified accountant or equivalent Previous experience in a Management Account role, within the capital markets In depth product knowledge across the spectrum of instruments traded within a commercial bank. Excellent Excel skills at macro level (proven record of automating spreadsheets/reports production). Advance Database skills desirable Advanced skills in information presentation (developing reports and presentations for senior management use). Conscientious and diligent with an eye for detail but with the ability to understand the big picture . Delivery focused to ensure timely and accurate reporting Experience of developing and improving processes and controls desirable Ability to set own tasks without being prompted and manage own time to meet deadlines Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to communicate at all levels (including front office and senior management) essential. If you are interested in applying for this role, please contact Geralyn Roberts on **** **** **** or on grobertsalbanybeck.com.