Title: Account Executive, Public Sector/Local Authority (N England)
Webindex: 68691171
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Account Executive, Public Sector/Local Authority Northern England ****k****k  Package A global insurance brokerage is looking to add an Account Executive with a track record of winning and retaining business in the public sector to their team, preferably based in Leeds or Manchester. The Role The successful applicant will inherit an existing book of Local Authority/Public Sector commercial insurance clients, located across Northern England with the task of servicing and retaining business whilst actively growing the book through new business wins. Full marketing support will be provided as well as attractive rates and products for a candidate who can demonstrate success with Local Government/Local Authority/Public Sector accounts and who has experience of managing the associated tender and procurement processes related to this kind of client. Cases will vary between commercial risks. The role will require travel across the North of England from an office base in either Manchester or Leeds. The Company Our client is one of the UK's leading Insurance brokers, with offices all over the globe. They have specialisms in various areas of corporate and commercial insurance in which they excel by utilising an outstanding reputation to offer leading advice, service and products. The area of the business in which this vacancy exists focuses exclusively on the public sector and can boast substantial experience and knowledge in this arena. The Successful Applicant The successful applicant will require experience of dealing with commercial insurance accounts within the public sector/local authorities, probably in a client facing manner. You must be technically comfortable with commercial insurance and have experience of tender process management. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountExecutivePublicSectorLocalAuthorityNEngland_job****