Title: Permanent Trainee, Junior and Senior Broker Positions For The Right Candidates
Webindex: 67996706
Company: West London Brokers Ltd
Description: We offer a good BASIC SALARY UP TO **** (NEG )BASED UPON experience PLUS COMMISSION ON TOP , ****k OTE Great Location: Wandsworth SouthWest London (Close to all major transport links only **** minutes from Clapham Junction Train Station) EXCELLENT MONEY FOR THE RIGHT CANDIDATES. GREAT TELESALES JOB West London Brokers is a privately held company that delivers high quality outbound consultancy services to customers worldwide. With over 50 years combined sales experience between us we are very well established in London (UK). We have a global presence that extends from Europe, Central America and South East Asia and we are not going to stop there and we want you to help us shape the future and grow with us. If you want to have a career that offers a financially secure future, a career with rewarding prospects, then take your first step by sending us your CV.We are looking for a handful of positive, money driven individuals to add to our growing team of sales people. You could be, a College Graduate not be afraid of ColdCalling, speaking to people on the telephone and encouraging them to invest in our exciting products. Your role will involve working from leads and building a solid client database for mutually benefiicial longterm relationships. OR Those with experience in stock broking, wine broking, diamond broking, land broking, eco broking, carbon broking are ideal candidates. If you have a strong sales background, are sharp on the phone,and not afraid of objection handling and closing a deal, driving in the money we are keen to read your CV. We are currently looking to recruit top closers to join our dynamic sales team. Candidate Profile: Must have demonstrable solid accountable telesales or sales experience within a large organisation. Proven account opening experience and closing phone sales track record :( EXAMPLES OF WHICH YOU WILL BE ASKED TO HIGHLIGHT IN THE INTERVIEW) A Very Clear,Crisp Telephone Voice and Manner (Determined by a phone interview) Excellent Communication and Interpersonal skills A Great and Positive Can do and Will do Attitude To be Hardworking, Money Motivated and an excellent Team player Most desireable but not necessary is experience of highend financial sales and strong experience in opening and closing investment sales over the phone. To be able to hit targets (minimum **** calls a day) To have Basic PC Skills The passion and drive to succeed Target orientated and money driven We Offer: an uncapped commission structure plus a good basic wage per month. world class training from a dedicated team leader a comprehensive product portfolio to promote a competitive,friendly, aggressive and enjoyable sales environment Incentives such as Cash Bonuses, Rolex Watches, trips abroad ongoing sales and career development opportunities. This role is likely to be oversubscribed so to have the opportunity to work with us, please apply above immediately. Previous Applicants need not reapply Applicants must not send multiple postings as it will not get them an interview.