Title: Financial Services Administrator  Belfast
Webindex: 68683585
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Financial Services Administrator  Belfast Salary up to **** plus benefits A position exists for an Administrator who has exposure of the financial services market place to join a leading brand within the market to provide administrative support to a team of highly qualified Financial Planners. The team provides in depth financial advice for wealthy private clients and manage their financial planning affairs and deliver annual reviews. As an Administrator you will be responsible for ensure ensuring the back office runs smoothly.  Managing client files  Arrangement of annual reviews  Supporting Paraplanners and Advisers with requests  Dealing with clients, product providers and 3rd parties  Pre and post sales administration of pensions, life and investments  Database and platform management Candidates must have a background of working within the financial services market place, ideally within the pensions, investments or life arena. You will be able to understanding processes and adapt to working within the corporate market place. The firm offers a competitive remuneration package and can offer a longer term career path and a chance to understate financial services qualifications. As a corporate organisation they have a great working environment with flexible working hours. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialServicesAdministratorBelfast_job****