Title: Relationship Director – Asia MNC’s
Webindex: 68690043
Company: Anonymous Recruiter
Description: Barclays Corporate is intent on serving the corporate banking needs of its clients across the globe. The mission of the Multinational Corporate team is to ensure that we provide corporate banking services of the highest standard to both the parent and subsidiary entities of our international clients wherever we have the relevant capability. Our proposition centres around indepth understanding of MNC clients' structures and requirements, and providing a globally joined up approach to meet these needs. The primary product set consists of cash management, liquidity, trade and working capital finance, asset finance, and foreign exchange. We also bring a range more structured solutions to clients including supply chain finance and nonrecourse receivables finance. We work as one global team, in a fully integrated manner, with relationship directors covering clients both at a parental and subsidiary level. To achieve this end, we now have MNC teams established in, United Kingdom Nordic Regions, Western Europe (France, Italy, Portugal, Spain, Ireland, Germany and The Netherlands), Middle East, North America, Asia and across Africa. We are looking for an experienced Relationship Director who has experience of working with the Asia market. Key duties and responsibilities include: As a Relationship Director in Corporate Bank you have responsibility for: Providing excellent customer service and building deep customer relationships Managing a portfolio of larger customers to maximise sustainable income Developing your portfolio through increasing wallet share and winning new business Ensuring effective risk management of existing customers and new opportunities Establishing and growing a profile as a recognised expert in the appropriate industry/specialism Customer Sales Service Risk Management Control Team Working Skills and Experience: Commercial Effectiveness: Including Client /Customer Focus and Commerciality Control Environment: Including Risk Management Business Skills: Including Deliver Solutions and Decision Making Management Leadership: Including People Development Personal Interpersonal Skills: Including Communication Influence and Collaboration Technical Knowledge How to Apply: Please email a covering letter and CV to applyjobreplies.co.uk and place the reference BAR/****/4090 on the subject line of your email. Respondents are deemed to consent to the release of information to our client when submitting their details. All successful applicants will be contacted. Applicants have four weeks from the date of posting to reply to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RelationshipDirectorAsiaMNCs_job****