Title: Assistant Bookkeeper
Webindex: 69930975
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: Prestigious Accountancy firm require a assistant book keeper to assist with a key client. About You This is an ideal role for someone who has commenced their career in finance and is seeking a role where they can develop. You will have gained exposure to book keeping and ledger work; ideally on Sage and be an confident communicator. Due to the local of the client you will be assisting with, this is a role requiring a car owner/driver. About The Role Working within the Business services team and reporting to a senior bookkeeper you will be responsible for assisting in the bookkeeping and payroll for a commercial client. You will be responsible for the accurate input of sales and purchase ledger, preparing VAT returns and bookkeeping up to trial balance. You will liaise with clients and internal contacts, and highlight any potential issues to your Manager. About Our Client This client of Howett Thorpe is a prestigious Chartered Accountancy firm, with a diverse range of successful clients and an excellewnt team enviroment Howett Thorpe recruit for roles within accounts payable, credit control, payroll also covering accounts assistants, audit, management accounts, financial accounts, analysts, financial controllers, financial directors, corporate finance, tax including all part qualified and qualified vacancies. Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)