Title: CeMAP Qualified Advisor
Webindex: 68685707
Company: Premiere People Head Office
Description: Equity Release Advisor Advisers will effectively promote and sell equity release, by telephone, to a private client base, aged **** and over. You will be operating in a highly driven head office based sales environment. Advisers will establish and maintain effective relationships with new and existing clients, whilst keeping focus on delivery of results. In addition, and in order to ensure that all regulatory obligations are met, the advisers must adhere to any legislative changes and ensure that these are communicated to clients in a format which is understandable and readily implemented. Principal Accountabilities to provide quality telephone service to clients in order to identify and agree their needs and identify appropriate Equity Release and Financial Services including Wills and Power of Attorneys to maximise all appointments provided, meeting company sales standards and practice, and maximise opportunities to turn interested enquiries into sales to coordinate sales activity with company servicing staff, providing complete and accurate information, to ensure best customer service through effective and efficient processing of products sold Experience Background and training in a sales environment based on integrity and customer services Minimum CeMAP**** or equivalent, qualified CeRER preferred Proven experience gained in a similar role working to targets and deadlines. Personal Qualities / Competence Actively enjoy talking to clients and have the skill patience to explain sometimes complex concepts to clients via the telephone Have the drive and determination to meet targets and succeedIn a competitive team environment Enjoy selling and be motivated by achieving results Have the ability to juggle several tasks at once Excellent communication skills, both written oral. Have the ability to self motivate to achieve targets. Additional skills will include the ability to assimilate and interpret information, quickly analyse client needs and deliver solutions intelligently and in a manner the client will understand. The role is full time, 37.5 hours per week Monday to Friday 95.30pm with one late eveining ****  7.30pm a week. Regretfully, if you have not had a response within one week then unfortunately you have not been shortlisted on this occasion. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CeMAPQualifiedAdvisor_job****