Title: AUDIT MANAGER (Fast track)  London
Webindex: 71240791
Company: Warner Scott Recruitment
Description: Excellent Audit Manager job with fasttrack to partner opportunity. Our client are a highly prestigious mid tier accountancy practice who pride themselves on their entrepreneurial and progressive approach to business, hence are looking for dynamic individuals who want to make a real impact within the firm and in their own career. They require an experienced Audit Assistant Manager or a Junior Audit Manager to join the firm and undertake a large portfolio of Corporate clients across a varied range of industries and lead the division into the next phase of growth within the business. Roles and Responsibilities: Responsibilities below are generalised and are no way exhaustive: ? Audit: statutory audit, planning, completion, client meetings etc. ? Accounts preparation ? Provision of general business advice to clients ? Research for specific tasks ? Due diligence and purchase and sale activity ? Managing the overall service delivery to clients ? Support work for partner ? Other special projects ? Client billing and job recoverability ? Client and prospective client meetings ? Assist in supervising/managing the audit staff including appraisal process/mentor groups/retain etc. ? Assist where required in the general running of the audit department. To be successful, you must possess the following: ? The successful candidate will be able to multitask in terms of handling more than one client simultaneously but ultimately have the technical and personal skills to service the portfolio of clients efficiently and effectively. ? Strong leadership skills. ? Excellent communication skills and be confident, articulate and able to communicate at all levels externally and internally. ? Strong commercial nous. ? A team player with the ability to prioritise work and work to tight deadlines. ? Strong organisational skills. ? Knowledge of Microsoft Office packages including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Internet. ? Working knowledge of Tax. &nbsp APPLY NOW