Title: Expense Management Associate/AVP
Webindex: 71428550
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: The EMEA Expense Management Associate (an AVP level role) will be responsible for reporting and analysing finances related to key parts of cost base across EMEA. This position will report locally to the EMEA Expense Management Lead of Corporate Real Estate (CRES). This function will work closely with the Travel, Hospitality, Document Management and Regional Management teams in EMEA. The position provides analytical and commercial support for CRES, at a Regional and Global level, on an ongoing basis and especially during annual budget and procurement contract evaluations.  Review management reports with business managers and divisional management teams and engage in financial and business metric variance analysis.  Provide ad hoc financial and operational analysis to s Basic Qualifications:  Qualified accountant with minimum of 5 years postqualification experience, or Finance / Economics degree with 8 years experience, or MBA Preferred Qualifications:  Ability to grasp complex issues quickly, interpret information and communicate financial issues and analysis to nonfinancial staff  Strong analytical skills and impeccable attention to detail  Strong networking skills to establish contacts within Finance and Business Services teams  Ability to organise own time and work independently, without close supervision  Sound management judgement and potential to lead team in future  Courage to challenge current practice and initiative to sugges Most prestigious Investment Banking Securities global firm in City London looking for Expense Management Associate/AVP to lead EMEA Costs: Travel, Hospitality, Document Management, Real Estate. From Qualified Financial Services or I C background  Base salary at Market Rate  Outstanding Company Benefits Package and Competitive Bonus Scheme Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExpenseManagementAssociateAVP_job****