Title: Development Underwriter  Event Insurance
Webindex: 67299529
Company: Massenhove Recruitment Limited
Description: Development Underwriter  Event Insurance This role is aimed at a confident, outgoing Development Underwriter who can successfully divide up their time underwriting and developing business and will offer the successful candidate a very rewarding and varied position. There is scope for the right candidate to progress their career to a Senior Development Underwriter level in a short space of time, should you demonstrate the capabilities required. The Event Insurance team underwrites cancellation, liability and property risks for a wide variety of events taking place throughout the world. These could range from large conferences and exhibitions to unique private events such as high net worth weddings. Clients and brokers are based throughout the UK and EU and in addition there is a website that sells cover to smaller events and exhibitors  this diversity of both our customer base and distribution provides plenty of variety and challenge for all team members. Responsibilities: To case underwrite specific type of events enquiries from direct clients and brokers throughout UK and EU that you and other team members have sourced in order to write a minimum amount of GWP of business each year, as agreed with the Underwriting Manager. Full product training will be given. Ensure a close monitoring of existing customers, understanding their ongoing needs and requirements to ensure they remain customers. Regular competitor analysis (rates, cover, and appetite) through daily underwriting. Broker Relationship management responsibilities. Visits to brokers and some Direct Customers throughout UK to sell covers, attend renewal meetings. Contributing to new business pipeline through proactive calls to broker panel. Identifying new broker, direct client, affiliate distribution partners within target areas and maximise the opportunity of new underwriting areas in partnership with other product managers. Act as the face of Events for selected regional offices to assist distribution of our products throughout our **** UK brokers. Networking / exhibiting at event industry events as and when required (up to 4 times a year) Flexibility to prospect direct clients as and when required. Key requirements for this role Ability to demonstrate the required underwriting thought process to consider the risks involved in a wide range of event types and locations around the world. Able to adapt and show flexibility when required especially in relation to servicing the needs of direct customers and brokers and to put customer service to the very front of everything we do as a team. Ability to demonstrate previous sales successes, meeting challenging targets and finding new sales areas to access through innovation. Experience in a commercial broker / insurer environment with knowledge of property / casualty business. Strong influencing, negotiation, communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to think laterally and retain significant product and industry knowledge required for the role. Preferably degree qualified with a minimum of 2 A levels at grade C or above, although this is not a prerequisite for an experienced Development Underwriter. Drive, self motivation and determination to achieve results in a demanding underwriting and development environment. Based in the Colchester office, with flexibility to undertake UK travel as required (likely **** times a month) Good knowledge and interest in world current affairs. Full driving licence required