Title: Customer Care Quality Monitoring Coach
Webindex: 68994451
Company: HomeServe
Description: The boiler s on the bbbblink and the house is ffffreezing. I can t hear our customer s teeth chattering or see them shiver. But, as always, I understand the urgency to make sure our systems are firing on all cylinders. Getting them the help they need fast. You might not work on the frontline. But, to our customers, you re a critical part of the team throwing them a lifeline. You see, in the grand scheme of things your specialist skills are just as important in solving our customers home emergencies as the skills of those holding the spanners or taking the calls. After all, if you don t do your job well, our engineers and contact centre people can t do theirs. We exist to help everyone with their home emergencies and repairs. About the Role To objectively evaluate cases within the Customer Care Centre to provide a defined quality measure in line with appropriate operational processes via quality criteria for the Business Unit To focus on and share best working practice on Quality Improvements through the Customer Care Centre s levelling and feedback process Overseeing the production of all Quality related issues, within your remit, to ensure regulatory objectives are met In line with our policy, ensure the principle of Treating Customers Fairly is an intrinsic part of the organisations culture by identifying, monitoring and managing any risks within the business Work as part of a team to support constructive coaching and feedback in order to drive improvements in customer care and quality Key Accountabilities Accurately evaluate cases by monitoring input, decisions, customer contact and output in line with Customer Care Centre and Conduct Risk appetite and ensure accurate judgements are made Attain and Maintain competence in the role by meeting the standards set out in the Training High Level Standards within the Regulatory Handbook of Rules and Guidance and be able to apply this knowledge in ensuring the business complies with the regulations to the fullest extent. Understanding of the regulatory environment including Treating Customers Fairly and ICOBS What s On Offer? Competitive benefits package on offer Please apply on line