Title: Prudential Compliance Manager
Webindex: 68212308
Company: Coventry Building Society
Description: Prudential Compliance Manager ndash; Treasury Compliance pound;****  pound;**** plus benefits The banking and financial services world is constantly changing and evolving. In response to this changing landscape, we have a new opportunity for someone who is a subject matter expert in banking compliance and who welcomes the challenge and autonomy to make their mark in the organisation. This is a high profile and high impact role. As the Prudential Compliance Manager, you rsquo;ll be responsible for all matters of prudential compliance acting as the principal expert of standards based upon UK and EU regulation and legislation. You will support 1st line functions and internal programmes, inclduing the covered bond programme; delivering 2nd line assurance to the Society. As an expert in treasury compliance, you rsquo;ll be aware of the imminent challenge of the new European regulations and UK regulatory split between conduct and prudential matters and the requirements for institutions to reduce levels of risk accordingly. You will be knowledgeable on these changes, what they mean for UK financial institutions and how to make the necessary changes to be fit for the new environment. To be a success in this role you rsquo;ll have worked in a leadership or senior role within financial services. Your expertise will be in Compliance and will include experience of dealing directly with the regulator on prudential banking matters (e.g GENPRU amp; BIRPU. You rsquo;ll also have excellent stakeholder management skills,  and the ability to influence and lead discussions. The newly created position of Prudential Compliance Manger is a high profile and business critical role with the Coventry, the UK rsquo;s third largest building society. We have an impressive history dating back to our origins in **** and are an organisation that our employees are proud to work for. Please do not delay in making your application