Title: Financial Planning Analysis
Webindex: 62116574
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: An amazing opportunity has arisen within a leading blue chip international banking group. This bank is currently recruiting for a part qualified accountant with product experience gained either in banking or from a large complex company in which experience in planning and forecasting has been gained. This role provides the opportunity to gain excellent career progression opportunities for the right candidate. Responsibilities:  Assist in the preparation of robust financial planning to support the strategy of this key division  Aid in the Managing and minimisation of operational risks  Help provide insightful analysis to enable fuller understanding to key movements and variances on latest targets  Preparing robust medium term plan,  Quarterly planning and latest view outputs including other operating income products to support the divisions strategy  Support in the establishment and building of relationships with a variety of stakeholders  Support agreed change projects to deliver continuous improvement The triumphant candidate will ideally have great; communication skills, commercial awareness, analytical skills, stakeholder management skills, influencing and facilitation skills, Excel skills and be a positive influence for others. Financial Planning Analysis ****  ****  Bonus  Benefits London Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacanciesplease visit our website [contact details removed] We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.