Title: Finance Manager  Engineering/Manufacturing
Webindex: 71291852
Company: eSift
Description: A specialist division manage the security and operational management for a wide range of services which includes a highly successful ATM management business which run ATMs on behalf of banks, retailers and independent ATM providers ndash; including cash forecasting, cash transportation and reconciliation services, first line maintenance and ATM engineering services. The Retail cash management business operates the systems and hardware which provide automated cash. This business is showing impressive growth, well into double digits and a turnover of pound;35million. Having been identified as an area for strategic growth, a new financial division is to be developed and a key appointment made; to provide financial and management reporting and information to facilitate this. The new appointment will be able to extract financial data from SAP systems and interpret this complex data to provide commercial input and strategic advice to a range of projects. The role will also include robust financial governance coupled with the ability to influence and present at Director Levels. Success will provide a platform for personal development within the group. nbsp; nbsp; Key Responsibilities: Review of monthly transactional data to ensure that correct financial data recorded and prepayments identified. Undertake trading and performance meetings monthly with the P amp;L holders in the R amp;E department. nbsp;Provide detailed variance analysis of month end results to budget and prior month for **** Profit Centres. Attend monthly trading review meetings with Operational Director and Director of Engineering. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Liaison with engineering cost centre owners to resolve queries arising on monthly costs. Ensure accurate stock reporting, involving completion of physical count to book reconciliation, audit of stock take procedures and review of inhouse stock system processes. nbsp; Candidate Requirements: Educated to degree level nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Qualified accountant with at least 12 years post accounting qualification experience ideally within a manufacturing or engineering process driven environment. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; SAP experience essential. nbsp; This is an outstanding opportunity within a highly successful company operating in a sector forecast to grow. The salary is designed to attract the very best candidates and the prospects for advancement for the successful candidate are excellent within the group. nbsp;