Title: Public Liability Handler
Webindex: 68689153
Company: RecruitmentConsultant.com
Description: Job Title: Motor Claims AD/TP/PI Public Liability Handler. Salary: ****k Location: Milton Keynes. Functional Knowledge: Multi skilled with a solid background of Motor AD/TP/PI PL claims handling. Customer focused – providing the best service to our customers. Quality focused role – providing quality, valueadded – reports and correspondence on time and accurate. Team focused – working with colleagues throughout the business to achieve a common goal. Reactive – responding to daily caseloads as dictated by customer requirements. Proactive – helping to enhance customer service, quality and ensure targets are met. Competent use of technology. General Background, Experience Professional Qualifications: Excellent customer service, organisational communication skills with a proven track record experience of PL Motor handling claims on a desk top basis. Managing a mature portfolio of PL Motor PI claims, the successful applicant will have exposure to multiple clients . Must be a good Team player. Desirable: Progress towards relevant professional qualification ; Insurance Key Responsibilities: Dealing with telephone queries, day to day within agreed service criteria. Reviewing cases and workflow in a proactive manner and taking action to move claim forward, referring where necessary. Dealing with and liaising with clients, third parties and third party representatives as appropriate. Ensure work prioritised effectively. Case ownership – to deal with claim from beginning to end, referring upwards in accordance with Licensing levels. Awareness of and compliance with service criteria throughout work. Ensure personal targets are met. Responsible for own personal and professional development and advancement. In addition to the above, the jobholder will be required to carry out any other function or task that may be expected from them or assigned to them from time to time, within their span of knowledge and ability. Skills: Fraud, Total Loss, PI and PL experience. Ability to work on own initiative. Ability to demonstrate attention to detail and accuracy. Ability to work as an individual and as part of a team. Excellent customer service and communication skills. A positive attitude and a proactive approach to solving problems. Able to coordinate a variety of actions concurrently. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PublicLiabilityHandler_job****