Title: COMPLIANCE MONITORING OFFICER – SECURITIES TRADING EXPERIENCE REQ’D
Webindex: 68993556
Company: Compliance Recruitment Solutions
Description: We are recruiting for an international securities trading group, looking for nbsp;a Compliance Monitoring Officer to support the firms understanding, identification and compliance of Compliance amp; Regulatory risks through the delivery of the Compliance Monitoring Programme. nbsp; Reporting to the Head of Compliance, duties will include: bull; nbsp;Develop the Compliance Monitoring Programme with support from the Head of Compliance. bull; nbsp;Perform monitoring reviews (both desk based reviews and thematic reviews) using a risk based approach as defined within the Compliance Monitoring Programme. bull; nbsp;Investigate significant regulatory concerns on an adhoc basis as and when they arise. bull; nbsp;Provide feedback into the Compliance Monitoring Programme. bull; nbsp;Produce compliance monitoring reports and discuss results and recommendations with the business. bull; nbsp;Track issues identified and recommended actions and ensure these are closed down appropriately within agreed time lines. bull; nbsp;Escalate issues which are not remediated within agreed timeframes to the Head of Compliance. The ideal candidate should have several years in compliance, at least a couple of years of which must have included some monitoring with a good understanding of the FSA handbooks and a working knowledge of financial products amp; services. nbsp; For further information or a confidential no obligation discussion, please feel free to call Darren Ruskin on **** **** **** or send your details to him at darrencompliancerecruitment.com nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Compliance Recruitment Solutions Limited (CRS) are acting as an employment agency in relation to this role. nbsp; The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove that they are legally entitled to work in the UK. Through application, all candidates signify their acceptance of the above information and confirm that the information they provide is true and accurate to the best of their knowledge. nbsp;