Title: Mortgage Services Consultant
Webindex: 72231926
Company: Stafforce Recruitment
Description: A popular Estate Agency are looking to recruit a mortgage consultant to join their branch to:  Provide an effective and efficient mortgage advisory/placement service to customers of the company ensuring the provision of 'best advice' in line with company procedures and statutory rules and regulations.  Ensure all relevant documentation is to hand prior to meeting the customer.  Identify customer requirements and complete Mortgage Questionnaire  Identify relevant product/lender from Panel  Provide customer with details of all relevant products, including non regulated products which match their requirements ensuring the use of key facts illustrations.  Record your advice and recommendation within the appropriate section of the Mortgage Questionnaire  Double check that any contracts offered fit within the affordability calculations as prescribed by the company and mortgage lenders.  Develop and maintain a close working relationship with the residential sales team ensuring a constant supply of referrals. Provide feedback to the residential sales team at every opportunity to ensure they are kept informed of the progress of any referrals  Provide support to the residential team as and when required.  Undertake any other duties as required by your line Manager.  Be aware of all company procedures and statutory rules and regulations that apply to the mortgage business.  Seek guidance from your line Manager or the Compliance Department if at all unsure as to how to deal with a situation. The Person Previous experience within a sales and/or mortgage services environment is essential Numerate and detail conscious Computer literate with keyboard familiarity. High standard of customer service. Organised, self motivated and a team player. Excellent communication skills. Able to work under pressure and in a target orientated environment. Driving licence/car owner. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MortgageServicesConsultant_job****