Title: Fraud Manager
Webindex: 69596368
Company: Hays
Description: Fraud Manager c ****k Gloucestershire Reporting to the Head of Fraud Underwriting, the role holder will be responsible for leading an operational team of approximately **** colleagues ensuring that Performance and Service Level targets are achieved in line with business objectives. You will lead ****  8 direct reports and be responsible for ensuring that policy; processes and controls are followed to ensure the teams deliver a first class service to customers. CORE RESPONSIBILITIES  Manage the daytoday operations ensuring that KPI performance and service levels are achieved and maintained, whilst taking ultimate ownership of the processes executed by your team.  The 'voice of cost control' for Card Fraud e.g. Managing Direct cost centre challenges, reducing cost centre waste and Educating Card staff around expenses policy and cost management.  Provide internal, constructive, challenge to the Team on their Cost Performance.  Ensure robust methodologies are in place for the calculation and forecasting (and reforecasting as required) of expense budgets and act as focal point with Transactional Fraud  Plan and manage financial support to the Transactional Fraud team, participating as a member of the assigned business team and ensuring the provision of an efficient operation which meets internal customer needs.  Provide a wide range of Daily, Weekly Monthly Performance reports for the Senior Transactional Operations team, and produce the monthly MI accurately and on time.  Ensure the technical accuracy of all models used by team members so that effective analysis takes place for the business areas supported.  Manage the Resource Performance Management for Transactional Fraud ensuring that accurate staffing details are maintained, and staff monthly movement is aligned to Staff costs. (This includes, Attendance Management, Monthly Joiners Leavers, across Transactional Fraud).  Identify, obtain approval and subsequently plan, communicate and implement processes necessary to reflect organisation and business changes within area(s) of responsibility. Ensure that Card Fraud Procedure Manual is maintained.  Manage, motivate and develop assigned team members so that their individual and collective performance meets the standards required, providing guidance and support as appropriate.  Assume responsibility for projects affecting the local area as defined by senior management, coordinating plans and resources to achieve agreed deliverables within the required time, cost and quality parameters.  Contribute to the development and implementation of policies to support local business objectives or to ensure compliance with internal/external regulations as defined by senior management.  Key liaison with the Strategy Business Intelligence Team.  Identify cause and effect of challenges at an early stage, analyse and actively seek solutions to minimise the risk of reoccurrence. KEY KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS EXPERIENCE  Experience of working at a management level in a major financial institution.  Previous line management experience, preferably in a large operational team.  Previous experience in the ongoing management of budgets/cost centres or other relevant financial accounting skills or experience.  A proven track record in the development and delivery of regular MI for senior management.  A dynamic and proactive approach to their work and a proven track record of delivery.  Intermediate knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and good working knowledge of other Microsoft Office packages.  Demonstrable experience of coaching guiding teams through process improvement. Please send your cv in confidence. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FraudManager_job****