Title: Fraud Systems Development Manager
Webindex: 68688971
Company: Santander
Description: Join Santander and you'll become a vital part of a business built on the outstanding service provided to our customers, as well as the awardwinning products we offer. We're one of the fastest growing banks in the UK and that is down to our people. And we recognise that as we help you develop your career you'll be doing the same for our business. This new role within the Fraud Analytics team is to support the Fraud department with optimisations of end user computing solutions. The successful candidate will be expected to develop bespoke solutions to various challenges facing Santander UK's Fraud department. Santander UK The Santander Group has more than 150 years' experience in global banking and more branches worldwide than any other international bank. We are well on the way to repeating this success in the UK, having been recognised as one the 'Top Employers in the UK' in 2012 by the Corporate Research Foundation (CRF) Institute. As a Fraud Systems Development Manager your skills and qualifications will ideally include: o Excellent SAS development skills. o Strong skills in SQL and VB and C o Experience managing a small technical team. o Selfmotivation with the ability to work with minimal supervision o SAS certification is preferred. As a Fraud Systems Development Manager your main responsibilities will involve:  Managing a small team of developers to build and optimise fraud EUC systems and scripts.  Advising senior managers on opportunities to maximise efficiency and tailor computing solutions to best meet business objectives  Providing project management of various work streams to deliver to deadline  Having a diverse knowledge of different development environments as well as the benefits / drawbacks of each  Building solutions using a variety of a tools, such as SAS, SQL, Visual Basic, C Santander welcomes applications from all sections of the community. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FraudSystemsDevelopmentManager_job****