Title: Senior Modelling Analyst  SAS  Credit Risk
Webindex: 71604199
Company: Harnham Search Selection
Description: Senior Modelling Analyst  SAS  Credit Risk The Senior Credit Risk Strategy Analyst will be given the responsibility to use SAS to build credit risk models and conduct analysis to provide innovative solutions to improve efficiency of processes. THE COMPANY: This is an exciting opportunity to work in a financial services organisation with a global presence. Evidently well established, the company has only a promising and profitable future to look forward to. With an encouraged approach of internal staff development, you will continually be presented with opportunities to further develop your career within the organisation. THE ROLE: Taking full ownership of projects, the Senior Modelling Analyst will be responsible for using statistical techniques such as regression and cluster analysis to create credit risk models, including scorecards. This data manipulation will be completed using SAS. This is an innovative role, where the Senior Modelling Analyst will be given the opportunity to improve processes and give actionable insight to make innovative recommendations. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Advanced analytical skills Strong experience using SAS Experience with credit risk modelling Understanding of bureau data Degree in numerate discipline (or equivalent) Excellent verbal and written communication skills Preferred experience (not essential): Experience in scorecard development The Benefits: Up to ****  Bonus  Pension  Healthcare How to apply: To discuss this exciting opportunity, please contact Alpa Vithalani of Harnham Search Selection on **** **** **** Alternatively, please email alpavithalaniharnhamsearch.com. Key Words: SAS, Analyst, Senior Analyst, Credit Risk, Modelling, Scorecard, Commutable from London, Hertfordshire, Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire, Kent. About Harnham: Harnham Search Selection s recruitment partners range from dynamic SME s to some of the world s leading bluechip companies. Harnham s primary focus includes the Statistical and Analytical, Insight and Marketing Analysis, CRM and Business Intelligence employment markets. Senior Modelling Analyst  SAS  Credit Risk