Title: Capital Management  Senior Consultant
Webindex: 68676492
Description: Our client goes to great lengths to protect both the business and their customers. The Capital Management Department is at the forefront of managing the Group's solvency position and ensuring that they maintain their capital strength in the challenging times ahead. Communicating this to internal management and to the external stakeholders, such as the FSA, is central to maintaining confidence in the business's financial strength. You will provide support of the maintenance and ongoing enhancement of the capital modelling and reporting framework infrastructure so that the reporting team in Capital Management can deliver timely, accurate and insightful reporting in line with changing regulatory requirements such as Common Reporting (COREP) You will be expected to implement the reporting framework /enhancement (RFEP) plan. This includes: Scoping and developing solution for plan, proposing appropriate software SAS solution that is scalable and can be adapted to incorporate new reporting requirements, stress and forecasting capabilities. Identifying, and implementing, enhanced data sourcing and extraction into reporting system Developing clear data/IT specifications for complete operation of the regulatory (and economic) capital reporting framework to satisfy auditors/Regulatory compliance and governance needs. Creation of a data quality feedback process to ensure that raw data is provided, as specified, in a timely manner Redevelopment of the data manipulation phase, making it user friendly if adjustments need to change, but making the audit trail of adjustments transparent Redevelopment of calculator module, making it as generic and transparent as possible, allowing for changes in Regulatory Capital treatment to be implemented easily Redevelopment of reporting module, giving flexibility and drill down capability to reporting team. Who we re looking for The successful individual will be able to display the following attributes: Ability to build strong working relationships both inside and outside the business, with managers and key senior stakeholders A relevant degree (such as Finance, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or Economics) Robust experience in SAS SQL code Strong numerical and analysis skills, experience of modelling and ability to communicate difficult concepts to Management. Approximately 4 years experience working in a relevant discipline. Experience of using Excel and other presentation packages (Word, Power point) Knowledge of the financial services industry and some familiarity with capital regulations About our client Key UK Brand. Highlyregarded employer. What s on offer up to ****k, plus benefits