Title: Secretary (12month Contract)
Webindex: 69190937
Company: Enjoy Recruitment Group
Description: Secretary (****month FTC) required for one of Gloucestershire's leading companies. Location: Cirencester, Gloucestershire Salary: up to **** per annum (depending on experience)  benefits Education and skills: educated to Alevel standard or equivalent; strong Microsoft Office skills (including Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint) Work experience required: previous experience in a varied secretarial/PA role essential; audio and copytyping experience essential; financial services experience advantageous but not essential Our client is seeking an experienced Secretary/Personal Assistant to join their team in Cirencester for this ****month FTC. The role will involve assisting several Directors and the department with the following: audio and copytyping; diary management duties (including booking accommodation, transport, etc); taking calls for the department and passing on to the relevant team member as required; creating PowerPoint presentations; updating internal Excel spreadsheets as required; producing agendas, taking minutes at meetings, and distributing action points; maintaining office supplies; and maintaining good working relationships with internal and external contacts. Ideal candidates have the aforementioned skills/experience; be happy to work in Cirencester; be organised and adaptable; have a positive, proactive attitude; and possess excellent Microsoft Office and interpersonal skills. Interested? Please email your CV by Monday 21st January. We experience very high response rates to our vacancy advertisements. We do not however feel this is any excuse for not acknowledging your application and as part of our total candidate care initiative we will always endeavour to do so. If you have not heard from us **** working days from the date of your application please contact us for an explanation. Enjoycareers acts as an employment agency and as an employment business as defined by the Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations **** Enjoycareers offers a free and confidential service to candidates.Enjoy Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.