Title: Investment Pricing Controls Analyst
Webindex: 68693798
Company: AMBRIDGE HARRIS ASSOCIATES
Description: The Ambridge Harris Financial Services division are recruiting for a Investment Pricing Controls Analyst due to continued growth and success within the department on a 12 month contract. Working on a new project for the business on a 12 month contract (which may be extended) this provides a pivotal part to the team and the work behind the project. Responsibilities: To provide support to the impact analysis of pricing errors on unitlinked funds and policyholder transactions and to compensate for losses in accordance with the approved pricing error policies. Analysis of fund and policyholder transactions to calculate the financial impact of pricing errors on the price of funds and on policyholder transactions. Agree the approach to fund and policyholder compensation for losses in accordance with approved policies Calculate the amounts due to the Funds and policyholders for losses in accordance with approved policies Monitor the implementation of fund and policyholder compensations Reconcile the compensation payments to validate that all compensations have been processed correctly. Provide other operational and analytical support to the controls environment in accordance with agreed service level agreements. Analysis of daily priced unitlinked funds with up to ****bn funds under management Skills and Experience: Significant technical knowledge of investment instruments, such as Unit Trust's, OEICS and SICAVs. Strong knowledge of fund tax policies in relation to Life and Pension funds. Proven track record of sustained technical knowledge and experience within a Life and Pension Investment Administration Department. Strong analytical skills, having the ability to analyse issues, present solutions resolve problems Ability to accurately manage and analyse significant amounts of data Able to maintain a close attention to detail Strong time management skills, ensuring service levels are met. PC literate, with a minimum of advanced level of excel skills (complex formulae) Ambridge Harris is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Ambridge Harris will not discriminate on unlawful grounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InvestmentPricingControlsAnalyst_job****