Title: Insurance Account Handler  Personal Lines
Webindex: 68688279
Company: Adecco Group
Description: This established Cheltenham based Insurance Company requires an Insurance Account Handler to join a busy personal lines team. The role is varied and requires someone with excellent client handling skills. Key responsibilities will include:  Answering telephone queries from producing brokers and general public.  Accepting instructions and dealing with amendments to existing policies.  Calculating premiums for original policies, adjustments and alterations, and processing same.  Preparing slips, endorsements and wordings for submission to underwriters. Checking and issuing policy wordings and endorsements to producing brokers and clients.  Obtaining renewal information from clients and preparing renewal documentation. Assisting in the research and development of new and existing products to maintain competitiveness.  Help to maintain awareness of the wider market and competitor activities. Skills required:  Applicants will require a methodical approach with the ability to work as a member of a team as well as working independently.  Previous personal lines insurance experience is essential.  A high standard of written and verbal communication skills required at all levels.  A good standard of numeracy, sufficient to calculate new, adjustment and endorsement premiums.  Basic PC skills, including Windows and Excel. Hours: Mon to Fri 9am to 5.30pm. Alternate Saturdays from 9am to midday. Adecco is an employment agency and an equal opportunities employer. Due to the high volume of responses to our advertising we are unable to respond to all candidates directly. If you have not heard from us within **** working days then please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful. Thank you for your interest. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InsuranceAccountHandlerPersonalLines_job****