Title: Head of Strategic Finance
Webindex: 69533929
Company: MORGAN LAW
Description: Barnet, Enfield Haringey Mental Health Trust is an integrated Trust providing mental heath and community health services. With an income of ****m, the Trust has ambitious plans for growth and development leveraging on the integrated nature of its services to offer service users a first class experience. The next 18 months will bring significant challenge and opportunity within the finance function. Our Trust has a good record of financial health but our impending Foundation Trust application and the introduction of a new national tariff under the Mental Health Payment By Results means that we need to be sharp, proactive and commercially astute if we are to maximise our potential. Our new Head of Strategic Finance will be part of our financial leadership team and will play a pivotal role in positioning the Trust to capitalize on the opportunities presented. Managing a small team, you will: Lead financial planning and strategy, including taking finance lead for the Trust s ongoing Foundation Trust application. Critically evaluate business cases across the Trust, supporting senior managers to ensure their plans are sound financially and commercially. Lead the development of Mental Health PbR for the Trust, working with service managers and external stakeholders to ensure the Trust is well positioned when the tariff is implemented Undertake additional adhoc projects, particularly where there is a commercial or income related theme. This is a role that offers variety and exposure to the most strategic elements of finance. You ll have a wideranging remit with the space to use your initiative, working regularly with senior management up to and including Board level. You ll gain a strong strategic overview of the Trust and your work will have a direct impact on our service development. To succeed, you ll be a qualified accountant with strong experience of financial planning experience, and significant experience in NHS Foundation Trust applications. Some awareness of Mental Health PbR and Service Line Reporting/Patient level costing experience will be an advantage. You ll also need excellent communication skills, professional curiosity and the drive and determination to make things happen. In return, we ll offer strong personal development in a challenging and rewarding role that will position you very well to make the next move of your career into a senior leadership position, as evidenced by the previous postholder. For additional information please contact James Stephens at Morgan Law at hsfmorganlaw.com or on **** **** **** Applications should be by CV and covering letter. Closing Date will be 5pm on Monday 11th February.