Title: Interim Treasury Manager  3 Month Contract
Webindex: 67761395
Company: Hays A F
Description: A rapidly growing business is currently recruiting a Treasury Manager to establish a treasury function in their London office. This job is an excellent opportunity to take a leading role in establishing treasury policy, procedure and banking relationships from the ground up. Due to substantial growth in the business over the past few years, the need to effectively manage cash with a dedicated treasury department has become apparent. Opportunities to get involved in the creation of a new treasury are scarce in the current market so interest in the role will be considerable. The successful applicant will be responsible for group cash management (funding, forecasting), liquidity management (currency pools, sweeps, cash concentration), establishing banking relationships, mitigation of FX exposures, and setting up electronic banking platforms. In addition, there will be an emphasis on reporting which will cover weekly cash balances, counterparty analysis, monitoring & repatriation of cash balanced, and global foreign exchange exposures. As the current sole representative of treasury within the business, applicants will have regular contact with corporate management, global business unit Finance Directors, Finance teams and bank personnel. Candidates should be qualified treasurers with experience gained from complex multicurrency, multinational corporate treasury functions. You will communicate with clarity, credibility and be able to effectively manage relationships with key internal and external stakeholders whilst having an ability to work with precision under pressure. To submit your application for this position, please contact Andrew Ryan at Hays Treasury.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk