Title: Territory Field Sales Executive  Dublin, Manchester & London
Webindex: 71848321
Company: Chase Resourcing Ltd
Description: Chase Resourcing are delighted to announce a working partnership with one of the world leaders in Financial Services. Responsibilities In charge of prospecting, signing contracts with new agents, collecting required documents, submitting complete full packages, and ensuring the locations is approved to board the network. The TSE is then responsible for training the location and ensuring it is well branded and ready to trade. The TSE will be wholly responsible for the management of the location ensuring that the location trades with us to a given level. On occasion the TSE will also need to complete activities including support with preexisting locations. The TSE has overall responsibility for driving incremental agents and therefore revenue in specific territory. They will ensure they drive the business through the acquisition of locations which will add value to the business. Providing all departments with the right information in due time (credit, sales support). Activating agents  (software installation, training, AML) Delivering results according to company's ambitions. Requirements Direct Sales Experience with achievement of goals on a consistent basis Track record of growing Independent performance within a specific territory Field sales background with the ability to selfgenerate leads on an ongoing basis Demonstrate the ability to create and deliver effective oral and written presentations/proposals to decision makers/ stakeholders Demonstrating the ability to consistently drive new business directly through work their own territory Ability to work autonomously and drive improvements Good analytical skills, ability to drive change and contribute new ideas and processes to stimulate change. Ability to question why we do things currently and suggest ways to improve Travel will be required; including frequent overnight stays to manage own territory or for other business meetings If you are interested in this position call Shaz on **** **** **** or email your CV to smalikchase.ie This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TerritoryFieldSalesExecutiveDublinManchesterLondon_job****