Title: Pensions Administrator  Bromsgrove
Webindex: 68687929
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Pensions Administrator Bromsgrove Up to 25,000 My client provides services to trustees of UK occupational pension schemes DB, DC, CARE, cash balance. Due to ongoing growth, they are recruiting for a Pensions Administrator to support the business. The Role You will work within a team who administer pension policies. You will need to prepare benefit calculations (both computer generated and manually) and pull together all relevant correspondence. You will use your knowledge of pension products to liaise with clients, their employees and advisors to resolve any queries. You will also monitor and look over other team members work to check for accuracy and compliance with procedures/guidelines. The role will also involve accounting duties, such as cash handling and processing pension payroll (including calculation of net pay and arranging payments). You will prepare annual benefits statements and attend client meetings as required in this varied and interesting role. The Package Basic salary of between ****  25,000 plus excellent company benefits. The Person For your application to be considered, you must have experience within a pensions administration role and have excellent knowledge of a range of pensions products, specifically DB/DC pensions. You will be progressing towards a financial services/pensions qualification (such as QPA or PMI). Payroll/accounts experience would be advantageous. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PensionsAdministratorBromsgrove_job****