Title: Motor Claims Auditor
Webindex: 68997411
Company: Asure Recruit
Description: Motor Claims Auditor Location  Essex Salary  ****  ****  Benefits Leading and entrepreneurial insurance company with a strong presence and offering in the UK motor insurance markets, due to continued growth and expansion are currently seeking to attract a talented and inspirational Motor Claims Auditor to join the team in Esesx. The main remit of the role will include carrying out monthly and annual audits, rolling reviews, identifying areas of Motor claims leakage, and suggesting cost effective ways to rectify claims leakage by identifying potential resolutions. Responsibilities: Contribute to the department in delivering the Claims Integrity business plan to meet business growth targets. Contribute to the monitoring and reporting performance and progress against the plan. Undertake Monthly and Annual audits within agreed parameters. Undertake annual risk based audit programme of suppliers and delegated claims administration for UK business. Undertake rolling reviews within agreed parameters. Maintain audit records and databases, following up on identified issues to ensure resolution Consistency in the monitoring and results of the auditing process. Identify areas of leakage and suggest cost effective solutions to rectify. Assist QA manager in providing report/feedback with recommendations to the departmental Managers and Team Leaders and follow up to ensure any action points completed. Key Responsibilities: Contribute to and work within the parameters of the agreed business plan for Claims Deliver against agreed objectives, KPI s and SLA s in order to carry out responsibilities and meet agreed service and performance targets Maintain knowledge in specialist area, understanding how legislation developments affect claim handling Conversant with financial implications of claim reserving and settlements. Identify, resolve and monitor any areas of weakness or inconsistencies Maintain knowledge in specialist area to improve understanding of technical issues Ensure claims are handled within set guidelines and procedures Be conversant with financial implications of claim reserving and settlements. Identify, resolve and monitor any areas of weakness or inconsistencies Adhere to FSA, TCF and Data Protection Regulations Assist QA manager in ensuring adequate process/controls are applied to identify and mitigate any risks Maintain existing MI Databases to report and analyse results of audits and reviews. Production of post audit reports Key Skills: Minimum of 3 years motor claims handling experience (including personal injury) Full technical and product knowledge along with financial understanding of claim reserving and settlements Developed IT skills including Microsoft Office Interpretation of Management Information to enable decision making An understanding of the main principles of English and Scottish law as it applies to the technical claims environment Fully conversant of the Road Traffic Act and the implications of being RTA/Article **** insurer Ability to pay attention to detail and good organisational skills Conversant with current case law and awards Report writing and ability to analyze outcomes and MI. This is an excellent and interesting opportunity for a technically minded Motor Claims Professionals seeking a new and exciting challenge. The company offers, a highly competitive remuneration package, excellent benefits and fantastic opportunities for personal and career development