Title: Real Estate Fund Analyst
Webindex: 71393701
Company: Morgan Hunt
Description: A global Property investment, development, and management company is seeking to fill the role of Fund Analyst for a PanEuropean Core Fund. The analyst will be based in the London office and be part of the dedicated fund team, reporting to the fund manager. The role will be responsible for covering a wide range of financial analyses and daytoday operation of the fund as well as being an active part of the general decision making process. Principal responsibilities will include: • Building and maintaining financial models for existing fund assets incl. asset management budgets • Financing and hedging models, preparation of hedging transactions • Ownership and fee models • Quarterly investor reporting • Performance measurement & benchmarking • Financial modeling and assisting in underwriting for new fund investments • Hold/sale analyses • Production of presentations for existing and new investors • Research assignments, partly in cooperation with Hines corporate research department The position will require some international travel. Applicants must have a university degree with a very high analytical aptitude from a well recognised institution. A study emphasis on real estate finance will be a plus. A minimum of two years’ experience in real estate finance with a financial institution, a property company or agency, or an investment banking firm is required. International work experience is a plus. Experience with a number of significant real estate transactions will also be plus. Successful candidates will possess excellent communication skills, fluency in English, sophisticated knowledge of MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and good knowledge of property valuation software. Finally the successful candidate will have good leadership skills and demonstrate initiative, teamwork, and the ability to work under pressure. Morgan Hunt is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. Morgan Hunt is an equal opportunities employer.