Title: Project Manager, Regulatory Control Change Management
Webindex: 68673338
Company: Chase Cooper Resourcing
Description: Job Description  Project Manager Excellent, high profile role within the Operations Regulatory Control Group (a unit within Operations Control) at a leading Investment Bank in London. Key Responsibilities: Oversight of the team of c**** responsible for the management, oversight and delivery of the program of EMEA Regulatory change including FSA Transaction Reporting, Client Money and Counterparty Risk Initiatives, feeding into Change Management lead. Develop and drive strategic regulatory platform builds. Coordinate the implementation of regulatory initiatives with members from Operations, Technology, Compliance, legal and the Business. Document all Project plans and Business Requirements related to regulatory initiatives. Work with a team to drive key change initiatives to centralise the firms reporting, evaluating cost benefit and risk. Work with the Compliance, Business and Technology ensuring the communication forum in managing change remains optimal. Coordinate the front the front to back testing of all business and regulatory change and document the results. Management of staff issues, performance and appraisal process. Knowledge/Experience Required: A background in IB Operations is essential (management level preferred). Team player who works well with colleagues of all levels in achieving valueadded results. The ideal candidate should have extensive banking experience with strong product, front to back and technical knowledge. Ability to build productive working relationships across Operations, Compliance, Technology and Audit (internal and external). Ability to interpret issues raised and summarise the salient points to senior management and other stakeholders. Proven experience developing creative solutions to problems. Ability to consistently deliver work of a high standard whilst under pressure. Understand impact of external factors (e.g. regulatory changes) on departmental strategy. Understand the front to back technology used within the business. Proven track record of managing temporary and permanent members of staff in review and resolution of business and personnel issues. To apply for the role of Project Manager please click on the button below Contact details: Gary Docherty gary.dochertychasecooper.com  **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectManagerRegulatoryControlChangeManagement_job****