Title: Professional Indemnity Account Handler
Webindex: 69800881
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Professional Indemnity Account Handler, Exeter One of the South Wests leading independent brokers is seeking an experienced professional indemnity account handler to join their growing professions team in Exeter. This is an exceptional opportunity to join a company that truly value their staff, fully support personal development and have an excellent reputation for providing high levels of service and independent advice to their clients which are based across the UK. The role will involve the handling of a broad spectrum of PI renewals each month, retaining businesses in a focused and pro active manner in order to protect income levels wherever possible. The position also includes new business generation and you would be expected to cross and upsell to existing clients to increase branch income. Being a natural communicator you will enjoy building relationships with clients and maintaining strong relationships with insurers. Whilst it is expected that you will work on your own initiative our client have a team focused approach, working towards branch targets and so you will also have excellent interpersonal skills and enjoy working with others. Skills and Experience required: It is essential that you have a solid background in underwriting or broking Professional Indemnity insurance, ideally across multiple industries. You will also have gained experience of working within a broking environment. Communication, negotiation and sales skills are an essential requirement for this position, as it is expected that you will be able to demonstrate an ability to develop and maintain relationships with clients, insurers and internal teams. Ideally you will have made some progress towards to ACII qualifications and hold at least the CertCII qualification. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProfessionalIndemnityAccountHandler_job****