Title: Accountant  Risk Compliance
Webindex: 68995508
Company: Ultimate Banking
Description: Working for the Finance arm of a Global Motor Manufacturer, this role is to ensure that Finance, Control and Pricing areas comply with all the risk and permanent control requirements of the Company. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES Assisting the finance team in their duties to manage the risks presented through noncompliance with either the rules of the business or regulations of the market. Providing reports and feedback to the Head of Compliance, Risk To formally document and followup on all the areas of controls relating to the finance, pricing and planning activities. To ensure that the list of authorisers, specimen signatures and their respective mandates (with the various banks) are up to date. To ensure that all the bank reconciliations are compiled in accordance with the internal guidelines and assist the finance team in identifying solutions to clearing down all aged items. To maintain the departmental procedures catalogue, and to issue reminders to line managers as and when policies or procedures are due for review. To ensure that all the finance departmental processes have formally documented first level controls and that these are updated on monthly basis. The controls should be auditable by internal and external staff. To ensure timely submission of reports (finance related) to Head Office for Compliance and Internal Control matters. To review systems access authorities and financial authorities to ensure that the company operates a clear segregation of duties policy. To keep a record of agreement/document terms and conditions by product and version control within the central IT system. To carry out accounting review assessments, in conjunction with the Risk and Permanent control team and providing reports as required to Head Office. Compliance To work in conjunction with the Compliance To be the point of reference and to meet information requirements during the course of any internal audit assignment carried out on the finance, accounting and pricing areas. To assist the finance team in meeting objectives and targets and to ensure compliance with (group) internal audit recommendations. Such other duties as the management may from time to time reasonably require. KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATIONS Degree / membership of Professional Accounting body Risk Strong accounting/business analysis background supported by 34 years relevant experience. Comfortable working under pressure Excellent Analytical and IT Skills including advanced Excel Proven presentation skills Preference would be given to candidates who have worked as a part of risk and permanent control or audit functions. They should demonstrate an ability not merely to identify, but to also act upon any areas weakness in control