Title: Asset Manager
Webindex: 68867205
Company: Spring Technology
Description: Spring Technology are looking for two Asset Planning Managers for one of our key public sector clients based in Manchester. Assignment   Working to the Asset development Team Leader and the 'Patch' Asset Manager:  To support land use planning and sustainability across the planning agenda and manage demands on the strategic road network and risks to performance through the development of viable solutions.  To develop and maintain effective liaison with strategic partners and key stakeholders to deliver performance efficiencies through continuous improvement. Act as first point of contact with customers.  To contribute to developing the regions knowledge base and resource capability to enable consistent, efficient and effective delivery of the planning agenda and the bidding process for programme development Key Tasks   Planning: Contribute to Local and Regional planning; ensure a proactive input into the production of Local Development Framework documents so that they reflect the need for adequate integrated land use transport planning, seeking at all times to balance the overall regional regeneration proposals with the duty to maximise the efficiency of the strategic road network and not compromise safety. Identify where work should be commissioned to establish the impact of proposals on the Strategic Road Network (SRN).  Respond to all planning applications and preapplication enquiries within the required deadline. Ensure that the impact on the trunk road network has been adequately assessed to give support to regeneration proposals, and where appropriate agree mitigation measures, or determine other conditions necessary to safeguard the SRN.  Development: Assist the Asset Manager to keep under review the need for future improvements through customer suggestions, watchman process, Network Needs Register and surveys and manage a programme of studies to budget to inform and support others to deliver major schemes APPLY NOW Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.