Title: Trainee Broker/ Eco Sales Executive – Palma, Mallorca
Webindex: 68683776
Company: Generation Resourcing Ltd
Description: Trainee Forestry Broker/ Eco Sales Executive – Palma, Mallorca Excellent sales people needed for ethical Forestry Management Consultancy firm. NO COLD CALLING the company will furnish you with qualified leads on a daily basis (Google leads). This is undoubtedly the best opportunity we've worked on this year. Every person hired has closed deals within their first month due to the excellent leads and training. Generous starting basic salary and healthy commission structure. Flights and company apartment paid for you get to live by the Mediterranean  Due to the tremendous success this company have had in 20****2 they are looking to rapidly expand their floor throughout 2013 in their new City centre offices. Interviews are in London (City) and our next recruitment day is in January. Start date: February. Suitable candidates must have: A Fantastic telephone manner Strong sales background (1 year minimum recent telesales) The drive and ambition to succeed. Clear, crisp telephone voice Ability to close and ask for the deal Their feet on the ground This is an opportunity to earn very good money. People need to be used to earning well as we don't want people going AWOL once they start clearing ****k pcm Working in fantastic offices for a great company with a Worldwide presence, this is a fabulous opportunity for the right candidate. Full ongoing training and induction will be provided. A competitive basic salary and attractive commission scheme is available. Send your CV today Due to the high amount of responses we receive for this position it is not possible for us to get back to all candidate applications. Please assume that if you have not heard from one of our consultants within **** hours that your submittal has been unsuccessful on this occasion. We will keep your details on file and call you should another position become available that we think you are suitable for. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeBrokerEcoSalesExecutivePalmaMallorca_job****