Title: Project Administrator / IT Project Administrator
Webindex: 64213358
Company: First 2 Recruit Ltd
Description: Our client in Salisbury is looking for a Project Administrator to join their well established and growing company. This role will report into this section's Manager, the section is responsible for planning, organising and controlling a range of cross functional projects such as systems upgrade testing, ensuring accurate data recording and reporting to regulatory bodies. The overall aim for this department is to ensure the development and effectiveness of systems and processes across the company. The successful candidate will need to be capable of working on their own as well as cooperating/working with/getting a result from all other parts of the business. They will need to be willing to selflearn in order to achieve some objectives and will need to have capacity to understand the bigger picture. They will need to be able to show they'd be able to (learn to) prioritise effectively as tasks will range from the usual more regular jobs, to long term projects with both fixed and variable deadlines, to urgent tasks needed by senior management. As such they will need to have the capacity to work quickly and accurately as well as at other times diligently and thoroughly. Duties will include;  Collecting data for MI  both regular monthly tasks and on an adhoc sometimes very urgent basis for management and marketing  Assisting with system issues, including staff queries, auditing, change's to practice. These will come in as they become suitably experienced as part of learning on the job  Maintenance of internal systems and databases, individual does not need to have experience of using exact systems but will need to be IT competent/literate/inclined and willing to selflearn)  System testing  Varied project work including administration andrecords maintenance.  Collation of data for submission to HMRC  Producing Annual Statements  Dealing with external parties  Some peripheral risk/compliance work Salary bracket for this role would be IRO ****K subject to suitable experience. Please note we regret that due to the high volume of CV's received we cannot give individual feedback to candidates, if you are not contacted within **** working days of submitting your CV please assume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. First **** Recruit Ltd is an equal opportunities employer and is committed to a policy of treating all its employees and job applicants equally regardless of race, colour, ethnic origin, nationality, national origin, religion or belief, gender, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, age or perceived age, marital or civil partnership status or disability.