Title: Strategic Service Improvement Consultant  Edinburgh or London
Webindex: 71830376
Company: RBS Group
Description: You'll provide expertise in financial and customer experience modelling, and use crossdivisional commercial information to support the business in making informed decisions regarding endtoend product and service propositions. This role can be based in either Edinburgh or London. Business Services provides the services that keep RBS running, including Technology Services, Group Operations and Corporate Services. We put money in the ATMs, keep the Bank's technology systems operating, maintain the branch network, protect our customers from fraud, process millions of pounds of payments across the world and provide call centre and online services. We're also developing the new mobile banking technology, working environments for colleagues and strategies to stay ahead of the competition that are shaping the Group's future. Strategy and Architecture help the Group make better, more informed decisions regarding what, where, why, how we operate and who with. We do this through the provision of Strategy, Portfolio Management, Service Management and Architecture Services across the Group. As a Strategic Service Improvement Consultant, you'll undertake the analysis and synthesis of service, operational, and financial data to support the delivery of project work streams and the identification of service improvement opportunities. It will be important for you to challenge the accepted commercial practices within the RBS Group, including the validity of existing recharging and cross charging methodologies in relation to customer experience. Additionally, as we learn from our project experience, you'll contribute to the overall refinement of the team's commercial analysis methodology such as planning, data acquisition, templates, analysis, reporting. To be successful as a Strategic Service Improvement Consultant, you'll need to able to gather and synthesise information and ideas. And have the ability to influence as a means to building support and facilitating decision making at senior level. You'll need to have demonstrable experience in service benchmarking and delivery, for example SLAs Gender , Working Families 'Top 10 Employer', Workingmums.co.uk Top Employer 'Employee Engagement , The Times Top 50 Where Women Want to Work , The Times Top 100 'Graduate Employers , and The Sunday Times 100 Best Companies to Work For .