Title: Management Accountant/Senior Analyst
Webindex: 72199453
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: My client is a leading Energy provider in the UK and currently has an urgent requirement for a Senior Finance Analyst. The ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of financial control and accountability processes, management accounting and financial planning analysis principles. Key accountabilities will include: Providing support and challenge to budget holders ensuring that decisions are made in the best possible financial and commercial context (whilst also ensuring that health, safety and environmental obligations are satisfied). Ensuring local reporting is relevant timely, accurate and of good quality thereby providing insightful information which will lead to effective decision making at all levels of the business. Leading local finance discussions with budget holders, accountability meetings and panels and ensuring they enable effective financial control and budgetary management. Ensure statutory reporting and audit information is provided in a timely, accurate and quality manner. Preparing management accounts for one of the power stations including preparation of balance sheet reconciliations.Qualifications/experience: Recognised professional accountancy qualification (ACA, ACCA or CIMA) and post qualification experience of 2 years Ideally, knowledge of power plant operations (or large industrial/manufacturing background). An understanding of the commercial drivers of businesses and projects is also desirable A thorough understanding of financial control and accountability processes, management accounting and financial planning analysis principles Self starter, team player and ability to plan and prioritise work and respond to changing priorities to maximise their contribution Excellent communication and interpersonal skills including excellent presentation skills If this could be of interest please apply with an up to date CV. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.