Title: Strategic Business Development Manager  Motor Finance
Webindex: 72242756
Company: CBC Recruitment Solutions
Description: Strategic Business Development Manager  Motor Finance Nationwide ****  **** plus bonus, car and benefits Our client is a well established and highly regarded name in the consumer finance arena, and currently undergoing an impressive period of growth and success. They are expanding their offering into the point of sale motor finance arena, targeting AM100 dealers, and some of the bigger finance brokers throughout the UK. As such, we are looking to recruit a highly professional, credible motor finance professional, to help develop the brand and move the business forwards. You will be responsible for developing relationships at senior level with dealer groups and finance brokers, presenting the company brand and proposition, in order to secure long term relationships, and profitable new business. Key Responsibilities  Implement and help develop the ongoing sales strategy for the motor finance division  Contribute to the development of the channel in future phases  Identify and secure relationships with Key dealer and broker connections  Negotiate terms with prospective clients, securing long term contracts  Manage relationships on an ongoing basis, to ensure agreed volumes are delivered, and business is not lost to competition  Deliver new business volume and profit targets  Work closely with internal teams to ensure business written is clean, compliant and service levels are within agreed SLA`s. This is a key role within the organisation, and a fantastic opportunity to join a very well established organisation, but at the start of a new and exciting venture. As such, we would like to hear from ambitious, experienced motor finance professionals, who can demonstrate a track record of success in new business acquisition, ideally operating within the AM top 100 arena. You will ideally have good contacts, and also have the ability to develop new business, whilst maintaining existing relationships. A stable career history, and proven achievement to target are also required. The successful candidate can be based anywhere in the UK, although ideally centrally  significant travel will be required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StrategicBusinessDevelopmentManagerMotorFinance_job****