Title: Manufacturing Engineer  Trim
Webindex: 72483522
Company: ARM
Description: Manufacturing Engineer  Trim ****p/h Warwickshire 6 months  Job Purpose: As part of a small team of engineers responsible for the continuous improvement of the vehicle assembly facility, you will be responsible for delivering robust process and quality improvements. The successful candidate will have experience of facility & tooling requirements, process documentation, layout planning and problem resolution. You will ensure that the highest quality build standards are achieved whilst ensuring the health & safety of technicians is never compromised. Key Responsibilities & Tasks: Process: To produce detailed process operation sheets including visual aids, torque & tooling detail, quality requirements and safety information. Facilities / Layout: Working with Logistics and Facilities engineers to determine efficient station layouts including modifications to existing facilities, racking & part presentation requirements, liaising with external suppliers of equipment and compiling necessary documents for approval and implementation. Tooling: To select appropriate jigs and fixtures, including specialised hand tools and power tool requirements to meet vehicle quality and hours per car targets, whilst ensuring operator safety targets are achieved. Health and Safety: To liaise with the Health & Safety department to ensure all processes and materials are suitable for the manufacturing environment. Production Support: To investigate and help resolve Manufacturing Engineering related issues experienced in production, providing timely containments to ensure that product quality is not compromised and ensuring that technicians are familiar with process changes. Quality Improvements: To liaise with Current Vehicle Engineering to ensure new or modified product content is integrated seamlessly into the production environment. Technical Support: Provide advice / information to other business areas regarding production build sequence and technical specifications. Qualification & Ability: A recognised engineering apprenticeship with substantial background in the Motor Vehicle environment ONC minimum qualification with HNC / Degree preferred Good understanding of industry standard systems i.e. MS Office, PFMEA, ****D Working knowledge of systems (Goldcrest, eCMS, ERNs) Appreciation of tooling and fixture principles and design, along with Trim manufacturing processes A willingness to adopt new ideas with an open mind to low volume constraints This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission. Desirable trim (seat assembly, working with leather, sewing, dashboard assembly) experience if not trim and final experience essential. Open to recent graduates with a relevant degree.