Title: Execution Strategies Quantitative Analyst
Webindex: 71227231
Company: DMS 
Description: Execution Strategies Quantitative Analyst Cyprus  relocation pack Our client, a prestigious International Financial Services Company, is looking for an Execution Strategies Analyst to join their team based in Limassol, Cyprus. This is an exciting opportunity to join a fast growing company that is focused on developing the best research and trading infrastructure. THE ROLE The successful candidate will join the team that develops and manages the firm?s complex high frequency trading system. Responsibilities will be concentrated in execution analysis, working directly with the executions team, and interacting on daily basis with the Research and Portfolio Managers? Teams. The candidate will focus on researching all aspects of the firm?s trading executions strategies, as well as driving algorithmic behaviour and performance. The successful candidate will be expected to analyse execution data and evaluate transaction performance. The candidate will have a quantitative mind, display a deep interest and knowledge of the financial markets and have at least 2 years? experience working in a similar field. Candidates must have strong statistics background, be comfortable working with large data sets and have superior communication skills. THE INDIVIDUAL: The successful candidate will have a first class degree, and scientific and engineering problem solving skills attained through a PhD in mathematics or extensive experience in a similar field. Excellent all round analytical and programming abilities are also a must. The following skills are also prerequisites for the job: Required: Experience in executionside quantitative research Recent financial market analysis experience Research with mathematical modelling content, data analysis and statistics Solid programming experience with Matlab or other modelling languages Desirable: Relational database experience Experience in high frequency trading strategies Some C programming experience Experience in structured finance or portfolio analysis in futures, equities and Forex markets Other: Good team work skills Methodical problem solving and numerical reasoning skills are a must Sense of commitment, creativity, and attention to detail Strategic, critical and analytical mindset Interest in, and/or understanding of the Hedge Fund industry We are offering a stimulating environment with exciting personal growth and longterm career opportunities.