Title: Claims Handler  Commercial
Webindex: 69746442
Company: AJ Chambers
Description: To be the first point of contact for customers in the reporting of all types of claim, ensuring they receive prompt and accurate advice on either contacting insurers direct, or how this will be dealt with on their behalf. Ensure all required documentation in support of claims, e.g. report forms, witness statements, proofs of value, registration documents and loss assessor s reports are dealt with as a priority and despatched to insurers or their representatives without delay. Negotiate with insurers, as required, in relation to the settlement of claims, both in respect of policy liability and settlement amount. Maintain client records with up to date information regarding claims history, including updating of amounts paid on settlement. Despatch of client claims settlement cheques received from insurers on the day of receipt. Assist clients in the pursuit of any uninsured losses sustained as part of a claim. This may be by direct assistance involving contact with third parties on behalf of clients, or by ensuring the client contacts their Uninsured Loss Recovery provider. Receipt of notification, investigation and settlement of claims within authority limits granted under any insurer delegated authority arrangement. Preparation of bordereau information and submission to insurers in the required format and within the agreed timescales. This will also include regular auditing of the delegated authority arrangement to ensure parameters are being strictly adhered to. Maintain a diary system for all outstanding claims and ensure these are chased regularly, keeping customers informed of progress. Advise clients on their options should insurers refuse indemnity under any particular policy, or wish to offer a final settlement figure below original expectations. This may involve invoking the formal Complaints Procedure, as set out in the insurer s policy documentation, involvement of the Insurance Ombudsman Bureau and/or reference to any other dispute resolution facility. Provide regular reports to senior management in the business of any significant losses sustained by individual clients that might have an impact on insurer relationships. To recruit and deliver necessary training for all direct reports, to ensure that each has the qualities, abilities and skills needed in their job function, to perform satisfactorily and deliver a first class claims service to clients. Any other duties, as requested by your Line Manager, in accordance with the nature of this position