Title: Client Admin Manager
Webindex: 71620198
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: Are you an experienced Client Admin Manager with an understanding of DC pensions administration? If so we have an excellent opportunity for a market leading organisation. In this role you will be acting as the initial point of contact for all DC Full Services clients for any arising issues. You will be responsible for proactively managing and overseeing all aspects of client administrator. Internal coordination of all operational activities affecting the client s scheme will be as key part of the role, as is liaising with the RD and various internal departments. Ensuring all deadlines are planned realistically and are met. You will be contributing to the sales process and representing DC Customer Contacts as part of the development of the role. Understanding and complying with all policies will be very important. At this stage in you career you will have a passion for client service, be able to demonstrate a sense of priority, ownership and urgency in relation to all client matters. You will have good time management skills and the ability to organise yourself effectively. Previous progression or the willingness to work towards industry qualifications will be an advantage We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent.Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.