Title: Senior Risk Manager  Basel  AIRB
Webindex: 71660080
Company: Eurobase People
Description: Senior Risk Manager  Basel  AIRB Senior Risk Manager required for a leading Financial Services organisation based in London. As Senior Risk Manager you will work specifically on resubmission of existing AIRB portfolios with updated models and refined rating systems as well as first time submissions to the FSA, from a Retail Basel perspective. If you have a strong understanding of Basel, AIRB and/or capital calculations we'd be keen to hear from you. Senior Risk Manager  Basel  AIRB responsibilities: The role carries responsibility and visibility to Senior Risk and Finance stakeholders, whereby success is fundamental to both business commitments to the FSA and the businesses ongoing growth agenda. Assume lead accountability for the compilation and editing of the high profile prenotification documentation to be provided to the FSA in respect of portfolios to be migrated to an AIRB approach/or revisions to those already on an AIRB basis Establish and coordinate a credible AIRB project plan for each FSA prenotifications across all considerations, balanced between the reality of delivery and the aspirations of business stakeholders Design, production, maintenance and delivery of Senior Management Awareness to all relevant management/executives including preparation of accountable executives ahead of Group Risk or FSA Basel related Interviews. Use personal gravitas, political awareness and Basel/Capital expertise to be an effective conduit between the decision science and capital reporting team and a) Group Risk and b) other business functions to ensure we understand and can deliver to both internal and external regulator defined prenotification requirements. Engage with stakeholders at all levels The job holder will also be accountable for the first time creation and ensuring committee signoff of documentation that justifies the use of Basel models in business decisions (Use Test). ****  ****  Car, London Weighting, Bonus, Pension, Life Assurance, Healthcare, Flexible benefits and more Basel/Risk Management/Retail Banking/Financial Services/AIRB/Advanced Internal RatingBased/Capital Calculations/Modelling/Regulatory/FSA/Credit Risk/Stakeholder Management Senior Risk Manager required for an exciting, high profile opportunity working for a leading Financial Services organisation. Specifically, you will hold responsibility for the resubmission of existing AIRB portfolios with updated models and refined rating strategies. If you have a strong background in Basel, AIRB and/or capital calculations we'd be keen to hear from you.