Title: Metals Analyst
Webindex: 71041572
Company: JOBG8
Description: Analyst, Precious Metals, Aluminium, Gold, Platinum, Analysis, Broker, Investment Bank, Research Precious Metals Senior Analyst required for a leading Financial Services Organisation. The role has clearly identified and specific areas of research to be covered, relating primarily to data capture and analysis. There will also be defined areas of written work that come with the position. However, a key feature of the role is acting as backup to the two existing research directors in terms of their own responsibilities, and it is primarily, but not exclusively, in this capacity that the candidate will represent the company on an external basis. The final key area is the contribution made in terms of report proofing, number checking and the review of Junior Analysts' own research work. Specific research responsibilities at a country level are for Latin America and selected European countries, typically those in the midtier. It is the above that generates the role's travel programme as much of the research takes the form of facetoface meetings with key industry participants, such as the major endusers in the United States. The second key plank of research is the analysis of trade data and any other published information available to us that may shed light on the precious metals' world, such as car production numbers. The data thus captured will form the basis of the candidate's written work, which will feature primarily in the three annual surveys and their updates, and the ****year and ****year forecast reports. The reviewing work will centre on these reports, plus our two monthly reports and various white label reports. Skills needed to be suitable for the role: Spoken and written English to the level of a bilingual speaker. Strong numerical, written and verbal skills in order to be able to assemble and analyse the data captured and to articulate the findings through written research reports and presentations. Confident, resourceful selfstarter, plus a mind geared to rigorous attention to detail. Fully conversant with Excel, Word, Powerpoint. Solid work experience in the field of commodity research, ideally in precious metals and on the demand side. Bachelor's degree, ideally in economics or a related field. Anyone with knowledge of other languages, technical analysis, statistical techniques and elevated IT proficiency. Call for more information/submit your CV for review.