Title: Sales Ledger Clerk/Credit Controller
Webindex: 72447076
Company: Macildowie Associates.
Description: THE OPPORTUNITY: My client is seeking an experienced sales ledger clerk to join their dynamic accounts team. This is a temporary to permanent position offering long term prospects within the organisation. THE ROLE AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES: Maintenance of the Sales Ledger Issuing invoices in a timely manner Credit control Credit checking Query investigation and resolution Distribution of invoices by post/email Cash allocations Dealing with customer queries Check accuracy of invoice coding to relevant cost centres and nominal accounts Filing and other ad hoc duties EXPERIENCE SOUGHT IN THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE: Essential: Experience in Sales Ledger and Credit Control Reliable and be able to work within a small team environment or easily on their own Keen eye for detail with strong accuracy skills Flexible, sometimes working under pressure to achieve month end deadlines Excellent communication skills both internally and externally TO APPLY: Please ensure you provide the following to ensure that we are able to assess your details accurately:  Your current CV  An outline of your basic salary and any additional benefits you receive.  Sufficient evidence to demonstrate your suitability against the 'essential' and, if relevant, the 'desirable' experience sought for this vacancy. NB: It is our policy to acknowledge receipt of all applications within five working days. As a result of the volume of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. If we have not contacted you within seven working days your application for this role has been unsuccessful. Macildowie is a specialist recruitment consultancy with a rich history of resourcing professionals in the areas of FINANCE, HR TRAINING, and PROCUREMENT SUPPLY CHAIN. With deep roots in the East Midlands our Consultants have an unrivalled understanding of the local market.Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesLedgerClerkCreditController_job****