Title: Group Planning & Reporting Manager
Webindex: 71409892
Company: Investigo
Description: My client, a FTSE 250, rapidly growing and world leading manufacturer, are recruiting a Group Planning & Reporting Manager based in Central London. As a result of a clear growth strategy, capital investment and a culture of innovation, this business has seen annual growth of over 10% and share price increase of 150% over the last several years. This is a Group role with aspects of both commercial and technical finance and considerable exposure to the wider business. JOB PURPOSE Manages the financial reporting for the Group by producing monthly management accounts and other key reports to meet the information needs of senior management at PLC and across the global business. Responsible for the group consolidation process, controls and output to ensure integrity of the group financial results. Manages production of the external financial reporting for the group, ensuring compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), London Stock Exchange requirements and relevant legislative requirements. Responsible for the annual Budget and the quarterly reforecasts, ensuring that these are appropriately stretching but achievable. Prepares presentations for the Board, Audit Committee, Executive Committee and other senior management meetings. Drives automation and implements efficiencies to improve the effectiveness of the Group Finance function. Supports the Group Financial Controller and Group Finance Director on ad hoc projects. Partners with business leaders across PLC and the global business to provide financial support and insightful analysis to support decision making. QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCE Accountancy qualification (ACA or equivalent). Experience with Big Four accounting firm (preferred). Educated to degree level (or equivalent). Sound working knowledge of IFRS. Proven experience in the preparation of group consolidation and statutory accounts for a listed company in accordance with IFRS. Sound working knowledge of Excel and Group consolidation packages. Working knowledge of JD Edwards and Cognos Controller (preferred but not required).