Title: Project Manager  General Insurance
Webindex: 71226613
Company: Procura Ltd
Description: Procura are proud to partner with one of the UK s largest providers of General Insurance. My client has an opening for a Project Manager to work within their impressive operation in Edinburgh. Key Responsibilities  Takes end to end responsibility for the delivery of highprofile and complex projects with large budgets, establishing and maintaining the correct structures to control and monitor the deliverables to the business.  Lead project planning, controlling, scheduling and reporting activities for high impact, high risk projects, ensuring that comprehensive project, quality, and risk plans are prepared and maintained and issues are actively managed through to their successful resolution.  Deliver effective communication to all interested parties including stakeholders and Senior Managers to support effective decisionmaking and manage the smooth and integrated delivery of projects.  Manage third party relationships ensuring that dependencies are identified and managed and deliverables are achieved, as defined in the project s plan and without incurring unnecessary cost or delay to the project.  Determines, monitors, and reviews all project economics, including costs, staffing requirements, project resources, and project risk, ensuring that there are appropriate and effective governance arrangements, supported by appropriate reporting.  Identify, secure and manage project resources to achieve project and organisational objectives in line with the project plan, approved funding and within expected quality and timescales.  Demonstrate compliance with agreed methodology, standards, policies and procedures to ensure strong governance, sharing knowledge and providing feedback and ideas so that performance is continually improved.  Manages the development, training, and appraisal system for project staff. Skills, Knowledge and Experience required  Significant experience in a Project Management role where you have delivered business solutions with business benefits.  Understanding of Project Management methodologies  Prince **** Practitioner.  Experience of leading and motivating teams of people to meet challenging targets and goals.  Good understanding of the UK Financial Services Industry, and in particular General Insurance. Due to high demand please send over your CV immediately to avoid disappointment. If you do not have ALL of the core skills however you feel that your CV would warrant consideration please call me on **** **** **** or email your CV directly to d.dohertyprocuragroup.co.uk .