Title: Commercial Broker / Executive
Webindex: 68687814
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Commercial Broker/Account Executive Black Country ****  ****  excellent bonus/benefits. Due to their recent success and growth, this established independent Broker are looking for an experienced commercial insurance professional to join their business to handle a portfolio of existing business whilst also developing new business. The Company This independent broker has now been established for 4 years and has grown extensively over this time to offer a full range of services including Commercial Insurance, Financial Services, Pensions, Savings and Asset Finance. They have grown by over 50% year on year and following a recent move to new premises, are now looking to grow the team. They pride themselves on providing a top level service to the local market and being able to offer a number of solutions to their insurance and financial services needs. The Role You will be responsible for servicing all aspects of a book of existing business including client visits, renewals, claims etc. In addition to this, you will be responsible for growing the size of the account organically (through cross selling etc) and through new business acquisition using the available marketing and also a comprehensive database of leads and prospects. As a growing business there is also an excellent opportunity to progress your career into management should you wish. The Person You should have a background within commercial insurance, ideally from a sales perspective and be confident talking to clients facetoface and over the phone. As you will be responsible for managing an existing portfolio, you should have a sound technical knowledge of SME commercial risks as well as the ability to spot opportunities to cross sell and increase cover. Foot note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialBrokerExecutive_job****