Title: Funds & Pricing Analyst
Webindex: 71471052
Description: Exciting opportunity for an experienced Funds and pricing Analyst based at our office in Bristol. The successful candidate will be responsible for providing support to the impact analysis of pricing errors on unitlinked funds and policyholder transactions and to compensate for losses in accordance with the approved pricing error policies. Please note this is a **** month fixed term contract. Responsibilities include;  Analysis of fund and policyholder transactions to calculate the financial impact of pricing errors on the price of funds and on policyholder transactions.  Agree the approach to fund and policyholder compensation for losses in accordance with approved policies  Calculate the amounts due to the Funds and policyholders for losses in accordance with approved policies  Monitor the implementation of fund and policyholder compensations  Reconcile the compensation payments to validate that all compensations have been processed correctly. Skills and Experience required;  Educated to A Level/Degree standard or equivalent work experience.  Significant technical knowledge of investment instruments, such as Unit Trust's, OEICS and SICAVs.  Strong knowledge of fund tax policies in relation to Life and Pension funds.  Proven track record of sustained technical knowledge and experience within a Life and Pension Investment Administration Department.  Strong analytical skills, having the ability to analyse issues, present solutions and resolve problems  Ability to accurately manage and analyse significant amounts of data  Able to maintain a close attention to detail  Strong time management skills, ensuring service levels are met.  PC literate,with a minimum of advanced level of excel skills (complex formulae) We prefer all applications to be submitted on line, however if you require an alternative method of applying please contact the Resourcing team using the telephone number provided Carlisle Managed Solutions is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.