Title: Mortgage Consultant Manchester
Webindex: 69804437
Company: Nationwide
Description: Basic Salary **** to **** based on experience, plus excellent benefits and uncapped bonus potential, On target bonus **** Location: Manchester A reputation for integrity. Exceptional products. Open, honest, individually tailored advice. All of the above have made us an outstanding and successful mortgage lender. If you're a mortgage sales professional who's CeMap qualified, targetdriven and totally focused on customer service, you'll thrive here. A more challenging role Armed with some of the best mortgage products in the industry, you'll meet with customers in your branch to pinpoint their exact mortgage needs. Mortgages will be your specialty but you'll also advise on our wider product range. When you're not in onetoone customer sales meetings, you'll be in the banking hall sharing your expertise with colleagues and customers alike. An Area Sales Manager will coach and support you to ensure you perform at your peak. While stretching targets and an individual bonus will encourage you to aim even higher than you already do. A more talented person You'll be professionally qualified, with sales experience, highlydeveloped customer service skills and plenty of selfmotivation. If you set ambitious goals for yourself, regularly exceed targets and can spot a fantastic opportunity we'll give you the tools to make the most of your talents. An employer you're proud of Our mutual status means we're here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it's made us the world's biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We're always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That's why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it's only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we'll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MortgageConsultantManchester_job****