Title: Customer Relations Officer
Webindex: 66743284
Company: Sesame Bank Hall Group
Description: Must have Certificate in Financial Planning or equivalent. Purpose of the role: To ensure the accurate and timely investigation of complaints in accordance with all internal processes and regulatory requirements. Responsibilities:  Maintaining accurate information to support workflow and quality assessment management.  Investigation and resolution of complaints to a high standard whilst meeting all FSA requirements including requirement to treat customers fairly.  Ensuring all complaints issued to you are thoroughly investigated and analysed in accordance with established procedures and principles.  Ensuring that all your work is conducted to a high standard and you adhere to business process and competency requirements.  Ensuring that all your work remains totally accurate at all times and is properly recorded and reported within the files and databases.  Establishing and maintaining effective relations with internal and external Stakeholders.  Participating in a ‘continuous improvement’ culture within the department  To undertake projects as and when required, to support the needs of the business or to achieve departmental objectives.  Encourage and exhibit behaviours within the function that support the values of the business and that create an environment where mutual trust and respect are encouraged. Critical skills required:  Ability to investigate and analyse complaints and provide recommendations for redress (where applicable).  Ability to stay calm at all times and promote a professional face to our customers and stakeholders.  Excellent influencing and negotiation skills.  Ability to work on own initiative.  Excellent selfadministration and organisational skills  Good investigative skills . Critical knowledge required: Legal and regulatory rules and principles with special focus on complaint handling. Experience required: Good understanding of Financial services products Complaint handling or Advice review experience Customer facing Financial Services experience Understanding of Professional Indemnity Insurance