Title: Senior Financial Planner  OTE ****K  benefits
Webindex: 68674974
Company: Accountancy Divisions
Description: Top West End investment firm requires a DipPFS qualified experienced Financial Planner to join their ranks working closely with Portfolio Managers and the Investment committee to provide a top class service to their many HNW clients. Excellent opportunity for an experienced Financial Planner to join a prestigious West End firm offering the very best in discretionary management and financial advice services to their mutliple HNW clients. The firm has been established for over 20 years and currently has 250m FUM and is growing that significantly year on year. They have recently acquired two smaller businesses that have around **** clients in total and require an experienced Financial Planner to come on board and service some of the wealthier clients amongst this group. The clients are mainly made up of HNW City professionals but there are also some media types and wealthy retirees. They require a DipPFS qualified Financial Planner who is preferably close to Chartered status or actively studying towards Chartered. Someone who has worked within a wholly independent environment and has been used to dealing with large complex investment cases. Ideally you will have come from a firm that holds clients moneys and are used to working alongside Investment/Portfolio Managers etc but this is not essential to the role. You will have a proven track record of billings and achievements over the last 3 years. In return the firm is offering a highly competitive salary and bonus structure as well as an excellent company benefit scheme. After time there will also be a chance to gain equity within the firm at partner level. Financial Divisions are a specialist Wealth Management recruiter and currently have many vacancies for RDR ready advisers. If you fit the above description and are keen to join a truly impressive forward thinking investment firm then please click 'APPLY NOW' and attach your CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorFinancialPlannerOTE****Kbenefits_job****