Title: Parttime Bought Ledger Clerk
Webindex: 70576625
Company: Index Group of Companies
Description: Days/Hours  Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. 7.5 hours per day. (Please note these days are nonnegotiable.) Reports to: Accounting Manager Job Summary: To achieve and maintain a high level control of the day to day functions of the Bought Ledger Department in line with internal company requirements and external statutory legal requirements Scope of Activities: The processing of invoices onto the Supplier Ledgers ensuring correct coding and allocations. To answer telephone, written and verbal queries promptly and efficiently. To provide the necessary guidance and assistance on payment policies and requirements. To review the Accounts Payable Ledger and originate or action any necessary correcting actions, following up queries, late invoices and correcting journal. The prompt and efficient payment of invoices via BACS, Chaps, and cheque runs. In addition manual cheque runs for urgent, old and prompt pay customers. To reconcile supplier statement to ensure our records are up to date and correct. To post receipts from daily cheques batches on the same day as receipt. To open supplier accounts and then maintain Master Supplier files with most current information including BACS details where appropriate. To post journals issued by oneself and others as indicated. To post all movements for the company cash books on a monthly basis Correct posting of Direct Debits and Standing Orders Knowledge & Skills Requirements: Knowledge: Previous Bought Ledger or Accounting experience is required for this role, SAP experience would be an advantage & Lotus **** would be advantageous. Skills: The post holder needs to be accurate, flexible and trustworthy. They need to be able to ensure strict control is maintained over the Books of original entry with continuous review and analysis to ensure accuracy. To provide assistance and guidance to other company personnel when and where appropriate. To ensure all Legal, Statutory and Company Policies and Procedures are fully complied with. To ensure strict controls are maintained over the daily functions of the Bought Ledger Department. Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel and Outlook. Strong attention to detail, highly organized, and computer literate. Good level of written and verbal communication skills. Numerate skills are imperative. Attention to detail and the ability to multitask are essential. Good interpersonal skills. Team Player. Good Level of education. Self awareness and good communication skills. Ability to learn new skills and apply them. Education & Professional Qualifications: Good level of education ? to GCSE level or equivalent Accounts or Maths GCSE or equivalent Experience: Must have office based work experience. Good level of work experience in the following fields: Accounts Payable, General Accounting Duties. Production of spreadsheets when needed. Proven communication skills, providing support to external and internal customers, computer literate. Customer Service related experience Some Credit Control Experience or understanding  Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within 5 working days unfortunately you have been unsuccessful on this occasion