Title: Media Sales  Account Executive for Bloomberg Competitor
Webindex: 69037439
Company: TURNSTONE SALES
Description: Are you interested in joining a market leading company within a highly relevant sector, the commodities market? We are working on an amazing opportunity for an ambitious graduate wants exactly that. Why our client is unique? Think Bloomberg , but with a specialist market focus and you will have a great idea of what our client does. Basically they provide clients with an information and market intelligence platform focused on the commodities market. Clients can be anyone from Investment Banks, Trading Houses, Mining Companies, Hedge Funds, basically anyone involved in the commodities market within their niche area. What does a Sales Executive do? If successful you will join our client s rapidly growing team and focus on the selling advertising on all external facing media. You will be working closely with the Sales Director who will provide support and direction to you day to day. Establishing and maintaining relationships with key advertising agencies to drive their clients to our site will also be a big part of the role. You will also have the chance to get creative and create and design marketing and media literature, ensuring the professional and engaging image of the business. A great opportunity to launch your career With a great atmosphere and working environment, there is not many better places to work. You will be given a golden opportunity to join a market leader and have a real impact on a rapidly growing business. As well as making ****K in your first year , the future could present the chance to work in New York, Singapore or beyond . Investment. Our client really invests in all of the people that employ. So if you join their business you will embark on an award winning sales training course that will set you up to succeed. Our client is looking for graduates who can demonstrate: Hardworking Attitude. 2.1 Degree. Really Strong Communication Skills Energetic and a Drive to Succeed. Forward Thinking. This is an opportunity that we are really excited about, genuine progression and the opportunity to work in a really fun and hardworking environment. To have find out more about the role, please APPLY NOW and we will call you straight back.