Title: Financial Project Controller
Webindex: 72238029
Company: SCom
Description: A Financial Project Controller is required for a 10 month contract based in Portsmouth Paying ****/hr Limited Company Rate D.O.E Would you like to work for a leading satellite manufacturer? Our client is a world leader in the design and manufacture of satellite systems. Their activities cover complete civil and military telecommunications and Earth observation systems, science and navigation programmes, together with avionics and a wide range of space equipment and associated ground infrastructure. We are currently recruiting for a Financial Project Controller to join our team. Job Profile The successful candidate will provide support to the Head of Financial and Budgetary Control in a transformation exercise. Below are some points to outline the role  Setup and controlling of a restructuring Plan  Assess and monitor the financial impacts of actions  Account for and foster savings  Evaluate alternative scenarios for structural changes  Foster decision making and action tracking  Support continuous improvement initiatives  Finance Organization Transformation Qualifications and/or skills Essential: Suitable relevant work experience (Restructuring, Management Accounting, large Project Controlling, consulting) Qualified Management Accountant University Degree with Major in finance control or equivalent If suitable then the candidate will have one of the following qualifications or equivalent CIMA, ACA, ACCA Desirable: SAP but not essential, knowledge and experience with Primavera will be of benefit but not essential, Cost Engineering, Project controlling experience and Scheduling experience Previous experience: Essential: Worked on large scale projects, would be beneficial if the projects were manufacturing Desirable: Worked in a Space environment/ Military communications The successful candidate will be required to apply for and receive a disclosure Scotland certificate prior to commencement of the contract. Applications are via: http://www.disclosurescotland.co.uk/ at a fee of **** which will need to be paid by card in full at the end of the application process. The cost of the application is met by the contractor and not redeemable from the client. The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SCom is a trading name of S.com Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialProjectController_job****