Title: Sales Executive  Cheltenham
Webindex: 68709170
Company: Swinton Insurance Group
Description: Sales Executive If you have the communication skills to help customers understand insurance deals, you could progress your career in one of more than **** fastmoving branches with Swinton, the nation's largest high street insurance broker. Real progress You'll join a determined team in this busy branch. Your role will be to introduce customers to a wide range of insurance products from leading providers, helping them to find the package with the features and benefits they're looking for. Development is a big priority for us, so you can be sure we'll give you all the skills training and product knowledge you need to progress  and to hit your challenging but realistic sales targets. Real people For our branch team, we really value people with the natural communication skills to build up a rapport with customers over the phone and face to face. A background in insurance would be useful but certainly isn't essential  we can bring you up to speed on our competitive range of products. What you will need is a proven record in sales and the ability to convey sometimes complex information in a clear, concise way. Working at Swinton Just to put things in perspective, we're a business handling over 2.5 million insurance policies from specialist units, call centres and an established network of more than **** branches throughout the UK. Fast moving and always looking to the future, we employ over **** fantastic people dedicated to finding the best deals for our customers from a panel of top insurers. Ours is a culture that recognises hard work and rewards it too  not least with plenty of opportunity for career development, something we encourage in all parts of our business. Only by developing the talent we have today, can we achieve the ambitious plans we have for tomorrow. What we'll be looking for in you Confidence to learn and develop through continuous training. Good communication skills both over the telephone and face to face. Ability to present complex information in clear, simple terms. The drive to work on your own initiative as well as part of a team. Strong numeracy and literacy, along with good keyboard skills. Technical insurance knowledge (not essential). Ability to motivate self to achieve targets and maximise branch performance. Good organisational skills, to be able to assist the Branch Manager within the branch. Handson approach to take an active role in sales and meeting customer's needs, both face to face and over the telephone. Ability and willingness to share your knowledge and skills with less experienced members of the team through coaching and mentoring. Flexible approach to work as you may be requested to work at different locations and with different teams. The highest standard of integrity and honesty. Terms and conditions A flexible working week of **** hours, including Saturdays on a rota basis and extended trading hours, when applicable This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveCheltenham_job****