Title: Finance Systems And Processes Analyst
Webindex: 71676975
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: The Finance Systems and Processes Analyst will be responsible for ensuring that the Finance Groups systems and processes are sufficiently adequate to support the financial reporting requirements of the Society. Document the current finance system map showing interfaces with other Society systems and indicating how data is being used Document all finance (and Society) processes. Indicate the source of any data used in the process and the key controls over data integrity Review the financial processes, recommend and implement improvements and efficiency savings ensuring that key controls are in place To assist in the selection of an appropriate financial ledger system Make sound recommendations to ensure that necessary data is efficiently captu Candidates will ideally have the following attributes: AAT Qualified or equivalent Experience in a management accounts role or internal audit role Self motivated and organised, work using own initiative with little supervision and able to make decisions. Able to build relationships with colleagues across all groups to effectively communicate with all levels of recipient. Experience of remodelling systems and processes within a finance function making efficiency savings. Experience of mapping processes and analysing mapping detail. Able to understand database structures. Able to create reports in an objects environment. Where The Midcounties Cooperative is the second largest independent cooperative in the UK and is an innovative cooperative business, owned by its members. They are governed by the fundamental cooperative principles of democracy, openness, equality and social responsibility. The member owned society has experienced a significant phase of growth (c450m in **** to 800m in 2010) as a result of strong performance in their largest core businesses (Food, Retail, Pharmacy, Funeral, Childcare and Post Office). Further expansion is also expected through the development of its newest innovation ‘Cooperative Energy’. This expansion is underpinned by their commitment to core values and the ability to maximise a growing marketplace by differentiating ****  **** per annum, study support excellent company benefits Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceSystemsAndProcessesAnalyst_job****