Title: French/German Speaking Credit Controller
Webindex: 71679838
Company: Chase and Holland
Description: Our client, an established and continuously ambitious business in Nottingham, is looking for an experienced French and German speaking Credit Controller to join their ambitious and successful accounts team. It is imperative that you are fluent in at least one of these languages as well as having a strong understanding of the other one too. An ability to simply speak one of these languages will not be good enough for my client. It is also vital that you are able to explain your understanding and practical experience of Credit Control. Some experience within Credit Control is a MUST Day to day duties; Setting up new customer accounts Conducting Credit Checks Working alongside management to agree and set credit limits Raising and sending Sales Ledger invoices to relevant clients Chasing for payment from French and German speaking client via telephone, email, letter and fax Allocation of payments on receipt Discussing payment plans with clients who are unable to pay in full immediately Putting relevant accounts on stop if clients continue not to pay Updating an aged debt report/record for all individual client accounts in order to prioritise workload and to report to management My client is looking for a friendly and determined individual who is confident to chase clients and build relationships. By way of reward you will be offered a competitive salary along with a number of additional company benefits. You will also be given the chance to develop your skills in an experienced and well qualified accounts team. Chase and Holland specialise in Finance (Commerce Industry and Professional Practice) and HR recruitment. We comfortably service the South Yorkshire, Derbyshire, Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire and Lincolnshire marketplaces. We are currently recruiting for a number of businesses that are looking for candidates across a number of sectors. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to you on this occasion your application has not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrenchGermanSpeakingCreditController_job****