Title: Trainee Portfolio Assistant
Webindex: 68709206
Company: The Futureworks
Description: TACIT Investment Management is recruiting for a Trainee Portfolio Management Assistant to join a growing Investment Management organisation in London / Birmingham. This is a great opportunity to join a busy Private Client Team and to get involved within a challenging role to help achieve team targets. RESPONSIBILITIES: The successful candidate will report to Head of Portfolio Management and will be responsible for providing administrative services in order to ensure effective, efficient and accurate financial and administrative operations whilst improving the end to end Investment Process. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES:  To build a working knowledge of the business support functions.  Preparation of existing client files ready for reviews.  Portfolio administration under supervision.  Implementing investment decisions across portfolios  Provide administrative support in order to ensure effective and efficient office operations.  To build an understanding of financial markets and develop investment knowledge.  To perform all necessary actions required in order to comply with all FSA rules and regulations applicable to the role, while adhering to TCF procedures at all times.  Perform general business related administrative duties.  Account opening procedures such as gathering money laundering documentation, etc.  Dealing with client queries. ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES: These duties are not to be regarded as exhaustive and you may be required to perform such other and / or additional duties within your skill and competence as the company may require. Any significant changes to the role will be subject to consultation. SKILLS:  Proven experience working in a transactional environment  Excellent internal and client communication skills  telephone, letter writing skills to be attained to a professional standard.  Team player.  Enthusiastic, versatile team members.  Ability to work to deadlines and prioritise workload.  Strong analytical skills and excellent numeracy abilities.  High computer literacy with Intermediate to Advanced MS Office knowledge. QUALIFICATIONS:  Likely to be educated to degree level or equivalent.  Securities Institute Certificate in Investment Management to be attained.  Must be prepared to attain the Securities Institute Diploma qualification. EXPERIENCE:  Experience of investment management or related disciplines would be an advantage to a new recruit in this role, although not essential. METHOD OF ASSESSMENT:  Successful probation review.  Exams to be passed.  On the job constructive feedback.  Regular Competency Assessments.  CPD review.  Annual Development Review. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineePortfolioAssistant_job****