Title: Junior Marketing Executive
Webindex: 68086657
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: A naturally confident and professional, Junior Marketing Executive is required to join an innovative and forward thinking team, within a very large and highly reputable financial services company. The role, based in the City Centre of Salisbury, will support the Proposition Marketing Literature Manager and Executive in production of all marketing collateral, providing creative and original literature, and using new and innovative tools to reach the Global Expat Customer Segment. Duties will include:  Supporting the Marketing Literature Manager and Executive in the development of literature and sales promotion material through design, artwork and print.  Maintain the literature range for Global Expat products to ensure they are represented accurately and up to date and that appropriate records are kept and are in line with the latest company brand.  Oversee the financial promotion and submission process by ensuring items listed are updated, recomplied and made available on all areas of access.  Monitor competitor literature for communication ideas and sales opportunities  Monitor the level of stocks being held within the regional offices and arrange reprints of materials when needed Candidates must have:  5 GCSE's (or equivalent) grade C and above, including Maths and English  Strong IT skills with advanced skills in Microsoft PowerPoint  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Previous marketing experience  Strong planning and organisational skills  Ability to work well as part of a team  Excellent interpersonal skills This is an exciting Junior Marketing position, within an innovative and expanding financial services company, based in Salisbury City Centre. You will become an integral part of their success, and as a result, you will be rewarded for your efforts with a performance related bonus. The offices are based within a **** minute walk of Salisbury Train Station. Please note the working hours are Monday  Friday, 9am  5pm. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JuniorMarketingExecutive_job****