Title: Temporary Production Accountant needed for TV company
Webindex: 66497943
Company: Pro Finance
Description: A major TV production company, responsible for the production of some very wellknown and loved primetime TV programmes, is looking for a Temporary Production Accountant to join their team. This company not only produce hit TV programmes, but also promote live stage performances of some of the UK's most wellknown entertainers For this Temporary production Accountant role, my client is looking for an individual who has extensive production accounting experience from an independent TV/Film/Music production house  they are needing someone with full production accounting experience, including setting up all production accounting processes, cost budgeting and management, extensive processing work and supporting production staff daily. This role will suit an experienced Production Accountant who has worked within an Independent TV or Film Production company. Working knowledge of Sage is essential. Working at this firm, you will work within a dynamic and highly entertaining office environment, one that has walls adorned with the famous faces who feature in their productions, as well as strewn with film and TV memorabilia. This role will suit someone with strong finance skills as well as a passion for TV This is an exceptional opportunity to join as a Temporary Production Accountant in a handson role within a rapidly growing TV and Entertainment production company. To apply please send your CV to: infoprofinance.co.uk or contact Joanne Thomas at ProFinance for more information on **** **** ****now anyone looking?  We are offering a hamper for any tax, legal or finance professionals referred to us that we successfully find a new job for in the next 12 months. Please call or email me for further details. ProRecruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Our diversity policy can be found at: www.prorecruitment.co.uk. ProTax (www.protax.co.uk) ProFinance (www.profinance.co.uk) and ProLegal (www.prolegal.co.uk) are all subsidiaries of the ProRecruitment Group.