Title: Senior Analyst, Customer Management
Webindex: 70168937
Company: Nationwide Building Society
Description: Pension: Hours of work: 35 Days of work: Monday  Friday Work include: Days Industry: Financial Services Start Date: ASAP Description: Introduction Senior Analyst, Customer Management Target Salary: **** Full Time, Permanent Our hugely respected, awardwinning products and long term value have helped make us the UK x2019;s second largest Savings provider. The pace of change in the savings industry is continuing, and we need a senior analyst who is driven and focused on customer experience and positive customer outcomes to join the Savings Customer Management team. This key product area is at the heart of Nationwide and you will play a key role in shaping the experience of our savings customers. A more challenging role Part of the Savings Propositions team, the Customer Management team is central to the integration of product and service propositions, the delivery of continuous improvement and development of our service design and offering to our customers. You will play a fundamental role in this, managing your own initiatives, providing support to the managers and senior managers creating the insight to shape the savings agenda. A more talented person We x2019;re looking for someone who has excellent analytical skills and the ability to interpret complex data from a variety of sources. Your analysis will formulate into solid recommendations to improve the customer experience and you will be able to influence the business to deliver to these recommendations. You x2019;ll have a strong track record of delivering results in a challenging and commercial environment. Strong Excel and PowerPoint skills are a must. You x2019;ll also be a strong communicator with the ability to build effective working relationships across the business, bringing enthusiasm, flexibility and energy to the team. Knowledge of savings isn x2019;t essential, although a financial services and/or customer service background would be an advantage. You x2019;ll be passionate about driving continuous improvements to our overall customer experience. You x2019;ll have a positive attitude with the ability to identify opportunities and then drive them through by presenting convincing ideas to gain buyin from other parts of the organisation. Above all, you x2019;ll be a resilient individual, proactive with an excellent eye for detail and the ability to work on your own initiative. An employer you're proud of Our mutual status means we x2019;re here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it x2019;s made us the world x2019;s biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We x2019;re always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That x2019;s why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it x2019;s only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we x2019;ll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme. SAVE2013 Method of apply: Email Submission Email Address: Expiry Date: 01022013 New Deal or New Deal Considered: N/A Method of contact: Email Standard or enhanced Criminal Records Bureau disclosure: Apply Online URL: