Title: Senior Operational Risk Manager
Webindex: 67103022
Company: Alexander Daniels
Description: Alexander Daniels is working with recognisable brand name in the banking sector to recruit a Senior Operational Risk Manager. This is a fantastic opportunity within an evolving Operational Risk team to shape and deliver oversight capability and drive the embedding of their Enterprise Risk Management Framework to support business strategy. As a Risk Manager you’ll help our client to improve strategy, lending greater confidence to risk processes and outcomes and giving customers every reason to trust in the organisation. Directly managing a team and working proactively across the risk and business community, you’ll drive and deliver effective oversight of operational risk management across the organisation. Reporting to the Head of Group Operational Risk, you will:  Work collaboratively with all parts of the business, leveraging your business and risk expertise and deliver timely and insightful risk management advice and practical solutions to the business  Drive strategy and deliver to a high standard on the design, build and implementation of their operational risk framework.  Define and deliver the annual oversight plan and approach for operational risk  Lead ****LoD response to internal and external initiatives.  continually improve on the organisations oversight approach and processes to meet the demands of the fast moving and dynamic business and regulatory environment You will ideally have prior experience working in Financial Services at a senior management level, in one banking infrastructure, or distribution channels and and will understand the importance a risk culture brings within a large business . Relevant experience in a similar role (Audit, Compliance, Risk, Oversight) is ideal. You will be a confident communicator with a proven ability to influence senior stakeholders up to and including Divisional Directors. This role represents a great opportunity to develop and influence risk processes.