Title: Manager  Insight and Marketing Analytics
Webindex: 71293944
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Manager  Insight and Marketing Analytics Location: Market Harborough Salary: to ****  Bonus and Benefits Purpose of the role. To be responsible for managing the marketing insight and analytics function, ultimately providing the insight to assist business decisions pertaining to but not exclusive to Marketing spend, inventory amp; pricing decisions. The Manager will  Use SAS knowledge amp; expertise to seek insight and drive initiatives that increase business performance across a variety of business units.  Recommend segment specific marketing strategies that will increase overall MROI (Marketing Return on Investment).  Lead customer research strategy, from survey design through to set up, deployment, analysis and reporting back to business stakeholders.  Ensure best practise and global alignment with the creation of statistical selection models, insight surveys and testing strategies.  Utilise SAS modelling software, create, document and refine statisticallybased predictive models for a range of internal customers.  Lead our EME marketing testing strategy, to entail creative, offer and pricing tests ensuring optimised responses and marketing investment.  Act as advisor to the Director and supported leaders on business issues that need attention and provide recommendations and solutions,  Lead and develop team by being a mentor to direct reports, enhancing potential skills and addressing development opportunities. The Manager will  Be SAS Qualified amp; 5 years` experience in an Analytics/Market Research/Customer Insight role with SAS Data Miner, Forecast, and Statistical modelling software.  Have an MBA/MSc/PhD degree in Marketing/Analytics subject area.  Have knowledge of commissioning and carrying out Marketing Research Studies (Quantitative and Qualitative)  Have knowledge of statistical analysis e.g. regression, CHAID, cluster analysis, segmentation.  Have the ability to lead and motivate a team. Please send your CV to infoaspiredata.co.uk or call Sophie Creswell on **** **** ****