Title: Insurance Protection / Lead Generation Specialist
Webindex: 69170312
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: A rapidly growing firm of Financial Advisors based in Warrington, Cheshire and are now seeking an Insurance Protection / Lead Generation Specialist to expand their existing national proposition. They operate in the Financial Services Sector providing services for companies such as Santander Consumer Finance and Close Brothers plc. As a specialist protection distributor they provide the link between the arranger of the credit and the insurance product supplier by providing the customer with the option of going through an FSA compliant financial risk assessment as part of their credit application process to determine whether they have a need for protection products. As an Insurance Protection / Lead Generation Specialist you will:  Make telephone contact with customers to offer a range of Pure Protection and General Insurance Products ensuring that customer need is identified and the correct personal recommendation is given.  Maintain regulatory standards in relation to calls and administration to ensure that all calls and documentation are fully compliant.  Provide support to customers, building relationships and enabling customers to achieve their objectives.  Conduct all calls in accordance with regulatory requirements including Financial Services Authority, Data Protection Act and Consumer Credit Act and maintain compliance with regulatory and operational procedures supporting the Company by promoting the importance of regulation within the Industry.  Achieve predetermined activity levels adopting compliant and appropriate sales techniques in accordance with Company standards.  Accurately report activity and output in line with Company standards and objectives.  Promote the Company ethos of team work with colleagues, positive communication with our customers.  Take responsibility for the development of your own skills and ability by showing a commitment to growing both personally and within the business by meeting and attaining Company Standards within an agreed time frame.  Follow the principles set out within the Treating Customers Fairly programme and are able to evidence these outcomes as both an individual and as part of the Company. The ideal Insurance Protection / Lead Generation Specialist will hold the following skills and experiences:  Ability to convert Decision Maker Contact (DMC`s) at a minimum ratio of ****:**** (12.5% penetration).  Ability to contact a minimum of 75% of leads supplied to your personal assuming an average of **** new customer leads referred to a database per specialist per calendar month.  Educated to GCSE standard including Maths and English.  IT Literate with knowledge of Microsoft Word / Excel / Access and PowerPoint.  Experience of providing specialist sales advice and service to support customer requirements.  Demonstrates understanding of Pure Protection / General Insurance product features and benefits and achieves required product competency standard within a given time frame.  Achieves / working towards Company Standards for customer service and product and industry training.  A successful sales performance track record with an excellent telephone manner.  Strong communication and interpersonal skills.  Ability to gather information from the customer and analyse appropriately.  Ability to identify and respond appropriately to each customer`s individual level of understanding.  Self motivated, results driven and ability to work on own initiative.  Proven time management and organisational skills.  Knowledge of regulation, The Financial Services Sector and competitor products. In return you will receive a salary of ****  **** per annum (OTE) with uncapped earning potential, there is no limit on the amount of commission you can earn. You will receive full sales, compliance and administration support (enabling you to spend more time talking to clients and not doing paperwork), state of the art point of sale technology, qualified leads plus ongoing coaching and training with the opportunity to acquire industry recognised qualifications funded by the company. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InsuranceProtectionLeadGenerationSpecialist_job****