Title: Finance Manager  Logistics/Operations Distributions Centre
Webindex: 68242190
Company: Communicate
Description: An exceptional opportunity to join an iconic Retail Brand. There central office is based in London, although this will be based in their distribution centre near Derby. This company have been a leader in their field for a long time and have built this upon providing the paramount products in the market. This is an incredible opportunity for a qualified Finance Manager to be responsible for the reporting of the Operational and Financial performance of the Distribution Centre and their implications of the business decisions. You will challenge the management team at all levels to support the delivery of an optimal cost and operational performance. Key accountabilities include: • Accurate reporting of the Distribution Centres fixed operating costs, and maintaining the integrity of this information • Precise reporting of the variable cost base, including detailed analysis of both the fixed and variable cost base • Identification of the key cost drivers impacting on the financial performance as well as maintaining all financial controls established in the distribution centre and ensure continued compliance. • Support the Senior Finance Manager in the understanding of financial variances to budget and the development of variance analysis reporting. • Continually asses the financial reporting of the operation to ensure the Financial Reporting Suit is inline with the changing operational environment of the logistics and distribution centre. • Identify and communicate risks and opportunities within the business The successful candidate will be a qualified accountant (ACA/ACCA) and have experience working in an Operational or Logistics environment that has the competencies to challenge operational managers at all levels. You will be able to translate operational activity into financial impact. This is a rare opportunity to work for a well known Retail giant in a hands on operational position.