Title: Payment Protection Insurance Settlements Clerk
Webindex: 68694211
Company: Benjamin James Consultancy
Description: We are a small high street firm who is owned by a Solicitor with over 18 years experience. We are based in Sale, Cheshire and have 2 offices. We work in Private Client Law, Wills Probate, Civil Litigation, Housing Matters, Conveyancing, landlord and tenant matters and recovery of Payment Protection Insurance Receiving offers of settlement and advising clients on the acceptability of the same. Contacting the banks in relation to the offers of settlement and advising them on the distribution of the funds. Sending the relevant paperwork required for acceptance of the offer to the financial institutions when instructed. Dealing with all queries from defendants throughout the offer of settlement and communicating the same to the clients and taking instructions thereon. Acting appropriately on instructions at all times. Contacting the financial institutions regarding the offers of settlement once they have surpassed the timescale for release of the funds. Handling monies received from the financial institutions and allocating them to the correct offer of settlement. Invoicing the clients once the funds have been released by the financial institution. Handling the payment of the invoices and sending the appropriate confirmation upon receipt. Necessary Skills:  An analytical mind  Experience of using Microsoft Excel  Numerical skills  Good at absorbing information  Ability to hit deadlines  Good negotiator  Ability to use own initiative and still work in a team  Enjoy working with others  Excellent telephone manner  An understanding of loans and creditcards  Good standard of written English  Quick typing and keyboard skills The following would be an advantage but are NOT necessary:  Education to degree level  Experience in Microsoft Access **** and Word ****  Experience of handling claims of a similar nature We want people who can work with us and stay here and secure future promotions and possibly move up within the firm. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PaymentProtectionInsuranceSettlementsClerk_job****