Title: Insurance Trainees  Claims Handlers
Webindex: 71675854
Company: AXA
Description: Insurance Trainees  Claims Handlers Background AXA has a commitment to lead through brilliance. We are looking for Claims Handlers to uphold AXA's excellent customer service reputation. Our culture is simple, energetic and imaginative. We are looking for people who can get the job done and enjoy the rewards. We need you to be proactive, enthusiastic and thrive on taking responsibility in a fastpaced environment where opportunities to develop and progress are encouraged. The role Our Ipswich office is one of our UK centres providing customer service. You will be talking with customers who are claiming against their policies. We are open from 8am to 8pm from Monday to Friday and from 8am to 5pm on Saturdays including some Bank Holidays. You will be on a rotating shift pattern including work up to 8pm, working 35 hours per week. We are looking for people who can provide excellent customer service on the phone. You will receive extensive training and you will be given more discretion and authority as your knowledge and your confidence increases Start date for this role is Tuesday 19th March 2013. Skills, knowledge and behaviour To succeed in this role you will have to be able to absorb and retain information and to deal with people in a professional and sympathetic manner. You will be motivated by your professionalism and your customer service ethos. You will also need: Educated to minimum GCSE level including English and Maths. Experience in customer service. Excellent PC skills with Microsoft Office software knowledge. Strong telephone presence. Clear confident manner, active listening skills and the ability to build rapport with customers. A natural empathetic manner with an understanding of how to support people through difficult times. What will you get from this role? A full and comprehensive induction programme followed by ongoing development 23 days holiday, increasing to 28 days by 5th year of service. Pension scheme. Annual bonus Scheme. Flexible benefits scheme. This includes holiday buying, bikes for work, childcare voucher, discount on all AXA Insurance products, breakdown down cover, home appliance cover, healthcare, benefit car (one payment per month includes tax, insurance, repair etc only petrol is extra) Access to Reward Gateway where you can access over **** negotiated offers online. As an employee you can receive discounts through a combination of methods: pay less at the 'checkout', Vouchers or Cash back. Interest free train ticket loan scheme. A wide range of training courses. Structured personal development. Internal promotion policy. Additional job board published information Contact Details Natalie Odeyingbo, Resourcing Partner, Natalie.Odeyingboaxainsurance.co.uk Please ensure that your application is completed and officially submitted online no later than the closing date. Your fully completed application will be acknowledged by email. Please note we will not accept email applications This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InsuranceTraineesClaimsHandlers_job****