Title: IFA Practice Manager
Webindex: 72115800
Company: Compliance Resource Solutions Ltd 
Description: Our Client is well known and operates within the Financial Services IFA Market. They are now looking to meet with an Experienced IFA Practice Manager. The Job: To Head Up and Manage a client focused team to support **** of Our Clients top Partners. Strive to exceed client expectations by: Ensuring a good understanding of requirements, tasking the work and managing this through to completion to ensure tasks are delivered within agreed timescales. Ensuring procedures are followed and service standards are met and where possible exceeded Delivering an efficient and quality administrative function Keeping Partners and clients updated on progress Identifying sales opportunities Managing and delivering the relevant service proposition for clients. Working with marketing to develop and deliver a communications plan for prospects and key clients Coordinate and manage client events such as seminars Main Responsibilities: To manage the Client Experience Team to deliver an outstanding support service to Partners and ensure effective delivery of Our Clients Private Client Experience. Motivate, inspire and lead the operational team to deliver a consistently high quality of service to agreed service standards. Coach and mentor the Client Services team through monthly **** and annual reviews with team members. Manage the workflow of the team and quality of delivery of each team member. Provide training where appropriate Manage and monitor the quality of outputs particularly relating to any client facing documents or communications. Understand the Partners requirements for each client, task the work to the relevant staff and manage this through to completion within agreed timescales. Deal with any issues or complaints raised in a prompt, polite and professional manner Work with providers to improve their levels of service where appropriate Ensure that all services are delivered in an efficient, consistent and profitable manner. Develop and deliver a communications plan for key clients and prospects Manage allocation of and reporting of leads ensuring the referring Partner is kept updated. Organise and coordinate client events such as seminars Identify efficiencies or enhanced services by proactively obtaining feedback from Partners, staff and Clients to ensure that the team continue to develop and delight clients Build and maintain strong relationships with Partners, Staff, Clients, Providers and other departments. Identify and manage client or business opportunities and refer to the appropriate Partner or specialist. Keep up to date with HR policies and procedures to ensure that the Team is run in a professional manner To undertake any other duties commensurate with your grade, skills and experience. Candidate Requirements: Key Skills and Personal Attributes Excellent management and leadership skills. Desire and ability to operate at a high level of detail as well as the ability to take a broader, more strategic view. A positive, friendly approach with a can do attitude and the personal commitment to deliver a first class level of service. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills combined with reliability Problem solving and multitasking skills and the ability to work under pressure. Prepared to go the extra mile. Essential: Experience of working within an IFA environment, developing and maintaining good working relationships with clients, IFA s and staff. Proven experience of managing a team to deliver high levels of administration and client service. Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Excellent organisational skills, with the ability to prioritise effectively and stay focused under pressure. Ability to balance commercial needs with compliance requirements. Good knowledge of Microsoft Office packages including Word, Excel and Outlook. There is a Fantastic Salary & Benefits Package Available