Title: Consultant  Currency sales
Webindex: 69122569
Company: Hays Financial Markets
Description: City Finance House are recruiting for a self motivated and hard working individual who enjoys dealing with people and has proven telephone sales skills The role involves building and developing a client prospect database from which introductory and followup sales activities can be scheduled. Knowledge and Skills: A minimum of two years sales experience  Proven success in achieving sales targets.  B2B Sales experience  Presentation and meeting skills  Cold Calling skills  Delivering Proposals  A solid and proven understanding of the Foreign Currency and Financial Markets.  A minimum of 2 years experience with a proven track record in achieving targets, preferably in a telephone based sales role  Strong written and communication skills.  Strong computer skills in outlook, powerpoint and word. RESPONSIBILITIES Identifying and Managing Prospect Relationships:  To establish, contact and build relationships with a variety of commercial business primarily based within the UK.  To contact prospects mainly via telephone (**** **** calls per day)  Arranging and conducting client meetings, presentations and networking.  Appreciation and understanding to utilize marketing material to support the process. You will be required to source your own leads using a variety of mediums: Internet, trade directories, referrals, networking, campaigns etc. Market Knowledge:  A successful candidate will already have an understanding and be able to demonstrate knowledge in current foreign exchange markets.  You will be required to maintain suitable market knowledge, in order to pass on and discuss with clients on a daily basis.  To deliver marketrelated talks to colleagues to stimulate debate on a regular basis on current markets and factors surrounding foreign exchange.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk