Title: Motor Schemes (Broker) Underwriter Key Accounts
Webindex: 72245477
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: The main duties of this role include the following:  To contribute in the evaluation and development of new schemes, key account, affinity and product propositions in order to identify potentially profitable business and recommend (as appropriate) pricing, underwriting rules, product covers and documentation to achieve profitable growth.  To assist with the monitoring and controlling of existing schemes / key accounts, analysing performance, profile of business, underwriting rules and documentation to achieve profitable growth.  To produce and maintain scheme documentation, outlining all underwriting, rating and procedural differences from standard products.  To undertake visits with scheme brokers in order to assist Sales build relationships and to a Our Client is looking for a candidate with the following experience and skills:  A sound understanding of underwriting principles.  A good working knowledge of the personal lines market.  Experience in a personal lines Head Office or broking environment.  Educated to `A` level standard desirable  The jobholder requires a good degree of numeracy.  Able to communicate in a clear and helpful way.  Computer literate, able to use spreadsheets and database packages.  Organised and thorough.  Good problem solving ability  Selfmotivated.  Ability to prioritise work to meet deadlines. Our client is an instantly recognisable and respected name within the insurance markets. A competitive salary and excellent career prospects Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MotorSchemesBrokerUnderwriterKeyAccounts_job****