Title: Business Intelligence Leader
Webindex: 68561321
Company: Hudson Banking & Finance
Description: Business Intelligence Leader  Contract  Fixed Income  Middle Office  London Hudson Banking Finance are looking to speak with candidates with Business Intelligence experience to work for a market leading investment bank. The ideal candidate will be very experienced and will be coming on board as a leader within the Fixed Income team. Business Intelligence Leaders work in Fixed Income Middle Office. They are based in London but their scope is global, encompassing P L, Trade Support, Confirmation, Back and Middle Offices in New York, London, Paris, Tokyo and Singapore. They report to the Global Head of Credit Interest Rate Group Operations. Role/Responsibilities Leading the use of Business Intelligence data, compiling information from available data sources, to reveal trends and behaviours to enhance understanding and targeting of transformation opportunities, Via direct use of an inhouse system, closely monitor reporting message feeds sent to the GTR (Global Trade Repository), promptly resolving any issues, ultimately ensuring that our reporting obligations are fulfilled. Providing business analysis and decision support for Operations reviews, Positioning the business as an active and influential participant in leading edge Industry initiatives, notably by organising active representation to the Industry WG. Contributing to adapt the organisation and processes of Credit IRG Operations to the change in the OTC infrastructure space, notably by keeping the teams updated on markets initiatives and providing guidance and recommendations. Production of the Operations Performance Cockpit for Credit IRG Operations (dashboard presented to Senior Management). This involves the organisation of the data collection, determining any abnormal trends and highlighting areas of risk. Skills/Core competencies Deep knowledge of Credit and/or Interest Rate Derivative products, including ISDA Definitions, Master Agreement and life cycle of a trade concept. Strong project management skills  Ability to multitask managing BAU and projects and work in a deadline driven environment. Advanced spreadsheets skills and strong data manipulation. Ability to build, grow and maintain partnerships across regions and functions. To apply please send in your CV quoting reference number UK**** Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.