Title: PT or FT Client Managers  Fluent French required
Webindex: 71852500
Company: PEARSON WHIFFIN RECRUITMENT LTD
Description: Do you have a City based Financial Services background? Do you have experience in any of the following sectors; Asset Management, Investment Banking or Wealth Management? Are you fluent in French? Do you have another European Language i.e. Spanish? Core hours are Mon  Fri, 9.30am  2.30pm, however there is an option of working up to 35 hours per week. Our client is paying between ****  **** per hour for this role. Our client is a software vendor, specialising in the Financial Services markets. We are looking to recruit a PartTime Client Manager, responsible for marketing the products to the target client base. The role will involve: Locating senior key decision makers within the financial sector (COO's/ CEO's/Directors) Discussing current setup regards to their software, i.e. current contract expiry / dates for tender Upselling the benefits of your product (professionally) The key to the call, is to build a relationship with the key decision maker/s to ensure that they will take your future calls or even contact you at review time A successful client conversion will lead to an appointment being made for your external sales team to visit the client for a software demonstration Skills and experience: The right candidate will have / be: Fluent in French and ideally in Spanish as well Previous experience working in Financial Services in the City (Hedge Funds, Wealth Management or Investment Banking) and will understand the decisionmaking process within these organisations The capability to build relationships with senior key decision makers A 'soft', 'professional' approach to building business relationships An excellent telephone manner This role is not a stereotypical 'Telesales' role. This is not actually a 'sales' role. This is a client management role, whereby you are building professional relationships with senior key decision makers within the Financial Services Industry. This is an excellent parttime opportunity for applicants with the right experience. Pearson Whiffin Recruitment is acting as a Recruitment Agency / Business in relation to this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PTorFTClientManagersFluentFrenchrequired_job****