Title: Financial Services Relationship Manager (UK)
Webindex: 72400647
Company: Wallace Myers International
Description: Relationship Manager in Financial Services in London in UK My client, a leading Finance related company with offices worldwide is looking to recruit a Senior Account Manager/Relationship Manage/Client Services Manager to work in its Finance and Business Division. Responsibilities for this role will include but will not be limited to: Facilitating educational interactions between members of the Client network and their clients, to permit them to make more informed and more confident investment decisions. Account Managers are tasked with fulfilling time sensitive research requests by analyzing requests, and building and qualifying primary populations of topic experts. Programming live meetings. Organising and hosting live interactions between client experts and their customers. This can include small elite group conversations, larger special events and events at Healthcare conferences. It requires a knowledge both of TMT trends as well as understanding the types of Council Members that the customers are interested to meet. Developing relationships with customers as well as recruiting new senior executives and leading consultants through research, networking, and direct outreach. Growing client relationships. Developing relationships with customers who are primarily investment professionals across Europe. This relationship development will stem from inperson client meets, project execution and telephone interactions. Teamwide collaboration. As with any senior position in a client office, Senior Research Managers are expected to help mentor and manage junior colleagues,. They also work closely with our Sales and Business Development team and other sectorspecialized teams to develop customized products for customers and to ensure strong commercial management of the TMT book of business. For this Role you need to have: A degree from a toptier university related to Finance or Business. **** to 8 years relevant industry experience, ideally as an analyst, associate or client facing role in consulting, investment banking or equity research or Business Knowledge of Finance and Business markets Successful track record working in complex multitask oriented team environments Outstanding communication skills and willingness to conduct telephone outreach to senior experts and clients Fluency in a second language is a strong advantage Financial services Experience If you are interested in this role and want to hear more, please email me your CV in Word format and I will call you if you can meet the above criteria