Title: Flex Developer with Java skills  High Profile Greenfield Project, Tier One Investment Bank
Webindex: 69564368
Company: Montash Limited
Description: Flex Developer with Java skills High Profile Greenfield Project, Tier One Investment Bank Introduction: Montash Associates have been engaged by one of the World s most prestigious Tier One Investment Banks to assist in the acquisition of an experienced Flex UI Developer, to work within Fixed Income eCommerce team The Organisation: A bulge bracket Investment Bank, engaged in trading activities across multiple asset classes. This organisation is one of the largest and most prestigious within the financial sector. The Project: The build of a brand new Emerging Markets eCommerce Trading Suite. The Role: The successful candidate will be responsible for designing and implementing high quality user interfaces. The role will also include liaising with users to establish requirements, providing estimates for development activities, managing multiple task deadlines and other activities. The Skills: Applicants for the exciting role are expected to have excellent Flex knowledge and experience. Furthermore candidates will possess high quality communication and problem solving skills. User interface design skills are essential, knowledge of Java is highly desirable. The Skills:Extensive Adobe Flex experience.Significant exposure to user interface design systems.Strong understanding of business technologyMust be a proactive individual, with excellent communication and influencing skills. Able to work without direction and make critical decisions.Java Programming is highly desirable.Recent financial service experience is highly desirable. The Package: As a leading tier one investment bank, the remuneration offered is exceptional. With a strong benefits programme and highly competitive compensation package. Base salary of up to ****K, (BONUS) (PACKAGE) will attract the very best candidates. Contact: If this excellent opportunity is of interest, or for a conversation about the London/Global finance market in general, please contact Paul Kirtley on **** **** **** **** or email paulkmontash.com Keywords: Flex, Flex UI, Flex Developer, Flex UI Developer, Flex User Interface Developer, Flex Architect, Flex UI Architect, Developer, Java, Java Developer, Java Flex, Investment Banking, Investment Banking Developer, Finance, London