Title: Sr Project ManagerGlobal BankLondon****kPackage
Webindex: 69249816
Company: Rullion IT Plus
Description: An internationally successful Bank is searching for an ambitious and enthusiastic Project Manager to deliver software focused business and IT change projects. As the Project Manager, you will be responsible for the full project cycle, successfully delivering end to end business and IT change projects. You will hold an integral part in the creation and execution of change projects. To aid your success, you will draw upon your knowledge of software development projects. In addition, you will utilise your professional Project Management qualification (Prince 2, PMP, PMI) and have worked within an ITIL environment. You will have extensive experience delivering 15million projects. Assisted by your vast knowledge and logical thinking, you will ensure project implementation is flawless, engaging with stakeholders and suppliers. You will be considered for this business critical position due to your: Wealth of Project Management experience Unparalleled Project Management skills including a formal qualification (Prince 2, PMP) Proven exposure within a Change environment Delivered 15million projects Extensive Financial Services experience Excellent stakeholder and supplier management skills You are career motivated and seeking a fresh challenge. You will have the opportunity to become an integral part of one of the worlds leading banks, working as a Senior Project Manager, with a team who are renowned in the market for their commitment to business change. This is an excellent opportunity for a successful Senior Project Manager who is looking to continue honing their skills, delivering high profile, end to end projects within Financial Services. You must be able to demonstrate your experience as a Project Manager with strong exposure within an ITIL environment, from a Financial Services background, in order to be considered. This is a permanent role based in London offering a basic salary between **** to **** (dependent on experience) plus an unrivalled package.Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.