Title: Financial Controller, Banbury, up to ****
Webindex: 72447413
Company: Accountancy Selection
Description: Our client based in Banbury is looking to recruit a Financial Controller to join their finance team. Key responsibilities will include: To initiate and coordinate the budget and reforecasting processes.This will include collecting relevant information on revenues and costs and processing as required. Budget control  to include updating budgets as required after budget meetings and evaluating periodic and annual performance against budgets. Obtain information from budget holders to enable explanation of variances against budgets. To initiate and take corrective actions for monthly closing procedures to guarantee accurate and timely reporting to the management team and group to allow management decisions to be made. To provide information on cost centres and ensure that areas of concern and highlighted and followed up. To provide support to budget holders in providing analyses for cost control purposes and to make compensation for overspends Provide analysis of gross profit and overhead costs and produce monthly reports on results. Identify the value added and non value added activities of the UK business and isolate relevant cost drivers behind these activities Analyse information flows for both accuracy and consistency while identifying unnecessary and/or ineffective tasks. The ideal candidate will be CCAB qualified, or equivalent, with previous demonstrable experience in a similar role within a manufacturing environment. Working knowledge of SAP is essential. Excellent company benefits. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of a person's gender, marital status, race, religion, colour, age, disability or sexual orientation. Every candidate will be assessed only in accordance with their merits, qualifications and abilities to perform the duties of the job. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialControllerBanburyupto****_job****