Title: Predictive Analytics Manager
Webindex: 71410156
Company: Initi8 Recruitment
Description: Predictive Analytics Manager  Required for the UK's leading general retail insurer, based **** minutes away from Central London. Salary circa ****K plus an excellent package and benefits. We have an urgent requirement for a Predictive Analytics Manager to build and lead the development of an inhouse econometric modelling capability with the UK's most successful name in the retail insurance space. As the Predictive Analytics Manager you will support the Sales, Service Partnerships and Marketing functions of the business in order to optimise performance through use of predictive modelling techniques. Key accountabilities include:  Build and develop functions that utilise econometric techniques to quantify the impact of marketing activities across all brands, products and channels.  Identify and champion the use of predictive modelling techniques eg propensity models, across the business, forecasting chances of product renewal, cancellation or crosssell for use in long term value and proactive customer retention.  Drive continual improvements in the strategic thinking across the Sales, Service Partnerships by embedding more predictive modelling techniques within leadership decisionmaking.  Lead a team of technical experts to deliver excellent performance by motivating and engaging team members as well as developing their capability. Key requirements include:  Numeric orientated degree, eg mathematics, statistics or the equivalent.  Detailed commercial exposure developing econometric and predictive models.  Experience of managing a small team, as well as their workload.  Impeccable technical abilities, particularly with SAS/SQL/SPSS, and the ability to programme and write the code.  Experience with stakeholder management and driving strategies through predictive modelling techniques within leadership and decision making. This is an incredibly exciting opportunity to join the UK's biggest name in the insurance space, and make a real impact on their business performance. If you are leader that embraces and embeds a more forward thinking culture within a business and is able to question the strategy and operational decisionmaking, this role is for you. For more information on the role/salary/location please do not hesitate to get in touch.