Title: Branch Sales Roles  Recruitment EveningColchester
Webindex: 69746404
Company: Nationwide Building Society
Description: Branch Sales Roles Opportunities Colchester and surrounding areas. We have a variety of Branch based sales roles available,these include Customer Representative ,Customer Host and Customer Account Manager roles. Opportunities available in the following locations:Ipswich ,Colchester,Dovercourt,Brightlingsea,Frinton,Clacton and Sudbury Salary: Basic Salary ****to **** based on experience, plus excellent benefits and uncapped bonus potential, On target bonus **** Be the face of Nationwide, the World s Largest Building Society. Work right on the front line of our business in one of our branches. Welcoming customers, getting to know them and identifying sales leads, you ll make the most of your warm, lively personality, flair for detail and real way with people. Interested? Why not come along to our recruitment evening at our Colchester branch on 6th February 2013, to get a feel for the branch first hand, insight into our roles through a presentation from current employees and the chance to ask any questions you may have. A more challenging role Every day is different at Nationwide. Every customer is different too, which is why it s such an exciting and rewarding place to work. Whether you re helping with general queries, processing transactions or talking customers through our impressive portfolio of products, you ll deliver an outstanding customer experience every step of the way. Our customers won t be the only ones who benefit from your inspiring desire to go the extra mile, you ll contribute towards both personal and team targets by identifying referral opportunities and following up on telephone leads. And because our package includes a generous bonus scheme that rewards the individual, as well as the team performance, you ll get the recognition you deserve as well. A more talented person Every day is different at Nationwide. Every customer is different too, which is why it s such an exciting and rewarding place to work. Whether you re helping with general queries, processing transactions or talking customers through our impressive portfolio of products, you ll deliver an outstanding customer experience every step of the way. Our customers won t be the only ones who benefit from your inspiring desire to go the extra mile, you ll contribute towards both personal and team targets by identifying referral opportunities and following up on telephone leads. And because our package includes a generous bonus scheme that rewards the individual, as well as the team performance, you ll get the recognition you deserve as well. An employer you re proud of Our mutual status means we re here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it s made us the world s biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We re always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That s why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it s only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we ll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme