Title: MEDIA/PR MANAGER – FINANCIAL/PENSIONS – UP TO ****K BENS
Webindex: 70756271
Company: REGAN & DEAN
Description: The Company Excellent career opportunity for a PR/Media Manager to join a ground breaking financial services company, consisting of an exceptional team of talented individuals from the commercial world. You will be involved in all aspects of PR and Media engagement enabling the transmission of information to key audiences about a high profile pension scheme that will soon become a national household name with a large social impact  .If you are used to being in a PR front line environment and have knowledge of pensions/financial services please read on The Role Working within the Corporate Affairs Team the Media PR Manager will be critical in helping the corporation effectively transmit pension information about themselves via the media to key audiences.  Front line press environment  Build Relationships with key pension journalists and respond to national media enquiries  Develop and deliver integrated, targeted media strategies to promote the work and role of the corporation  Identify areas and opportunities to promote the corporation and pension scheme  Write articles, interviews, profiles and advertorials  Develop media tools to monitor and report on media progress  Support ad hoc PR and media activities, provide briefings and advice on approach and messages  Engage with the media and act as spokesperson  Deputise for Head of Media and PR About You This is a hands on front line PR role for someone who ideally has a pension journalist background or has a strong PR background from either press office experience on high profile national issues involving government policy or experience working in pensions, investment and financial services Or financial services agency PR agency background. You will have excellent written and verbal communication skills. Able to demonstrate creative flair, be enthusiastic with a can do attitude. Be results orientated and an ability to cope under pressure. This is a highly demanding team and as you would expect the rewards are high. In addition to an extremely competitive remuneration package the successful applicant would have the opportunity to work with a friendly, supportive, experienced, qualified and extremely professional team. This is a great chance to join a unique high profile organisation at a pivotal time of change. To apply for the Media/PR Manager position now click the Apply Now button.