Title: Trading Book Data Analyst
Webindex: 69090173
Company: Hays 
Description: Trading Book Data Analyst Contract opportunity for an experienced Data Analyst to join a Tier **** Investment Bank, working in the trading book data analytics tea,. The Trading Book Data Analytics team is part of Risk Systems Management and Support group within Risk Architecture in the Risk Management organization. The team plays a key role in the integrity of Banks global counterparty exposure risk reporting. The Trading Book team conduct daily regulatory reporting and trend analysis supporting Credit Risk Management and Basel II/III initiatives as well as proactively identifying data quality improvements and responding to technical calculation referrals from the end users.  Identification of material changes in OTC/SFT profiles for Basel II and Basel III daily reporting, root cause analysis, communication to impacted parties and resolution of underlying issues.  Identification of material changes in OTC/SFT profiles for Basel II and Basel III monthly reporting.  Analysis of Basel III / CRD IV data attributes and the related impact on EAD/Capital calculations.  Production of data quality metrics and information packs supporting EAD/Capital calculations, presenting a monthly summary pack to internal stake holders as well as external regulators.  Analyse transaction structures and market data to identify root cause of calculation variances, identifying issues and propose possible options for resolution. Through sound project management follow through issues from initiation to successful completion.  Key contact for questions and support for internal stakeholders, ensuring SLAs are kept and appropriate level of support is provided for our customers. Experience  Knowledge of the risks associated with trading book products including OTC Derivatives and Securities Financing Transactions.  A good understanding of OTC derivative and Securities Finance Transactions product structures and pricing  An understanding of Basel II/III, CRD**** and the calculation of PFE, EPE and RWA for trading book products  An understanding of the legal agreements supporting trading book products