Title: Junior Consultant Relations Executive
Webindex: 69564515
Company: Bridgeman International
Description: The successful candidate will already have an understanding of the investment consulting model as it relates to institutional clients and investment managers. They will not, however, necessarily have managed consultant relationships directly before. Main Duties  Supporting a team of consultant relationship managers, allowing them to spend as much time as possible engaging directly with consultants.  Dealing with adhoc consultant enquiries, talking to the relevant consultant to ensure a full understanding of their requirements.  Attending premeets for research meetings and followingup on any actions, working with the fund managers as necessary.  Working with various internal teams to ensure agendas for research meetings are addressed within the presentation packs.  Working with various internal teams to ensure all requirements for quarterly update meetings are met, with the specific requirements of different consultant firms taken into account.  Collate followup information to research meetings, and distributing to the consultant.  Reviewing marketing materials for products of interest to investment consultants to ensure they meet the Consultant Team s needs.  Helping prepare written consultant communications for product, team or corporate changes and developments.  Maintenance of consultant relationship tools and materials.  Analysing competitor information for priority products to ensure the business is positioned appropriately to win new business.  Reviewing consultant database content completed by the RFP team, and ensuring the correct products are covered.  Assisting with consultant events organised by the company, and where possible external consultant conferences and seminars. Technical Skills both within the business and externally.  An ability to articulate investment processes, and understand what differentiates them.  Commercial awareness. Bridgeman International is acting on behalf of our client as a recruitment agency.