Title: E P Financial Accountant
Webindex: 71393654
Company: LMA recruitment
Description: A Global Energy Trading business investing in the expansion of their exploration and production assets have a newly created Financial Accountant opportunity. Focussing on assets located across African and APAC regions, the role requirements are broad ranging across financial and statutory accounting, jointventure accounting, modelling and the production of analysis for senior management . The role has been created as a consequence of continued growth through 2012 and the substantial investment planned over the coming quarters. Working within the upstream department, responsible for Oil & Gas, this role will require a strong qualified (or equivalent) Financial Accountant to be responsible for the accurate and timely preparation of monthly financial accounts across a number of the Groups companies. This particular business will afford the successful individual with a solid career path as well as the option to consider international opportunities. Key responsibilities of the role will require preparation of statutory accounts for group companies, management of monthend duties including the calculation and preparation of journal entries, account reconciliations, review of monthly statements and detailed balance sheet review. In addition you will prepare the Withholding tax returns and monthly cost recovery statements and supporting documentation. In terms of joint venture accounting, the preparation and provision of analysis and booking of joint interest billings for nonoperated assets will be required in conjunction with the preparation of adhoc reports for senior partners and government ministries. It will be necessary to develop an understanding of joint venture agreements and contracts. Working directly with the Asset Managers on a daily basis you will be responsible for looking at the development and interpretation of models as well as producing valueadd analysis for senior management. The role is ideally suited to a qualified ACA or ACCA accountant (or equivalent) who has had previous exposure to the exploration or mining sectors and is keen to work for a globally recognised name. Working in a growing department you will gain exposure across Assets and Accounting, as well as working daily with senior management across a number of international locations. To be successful you will have a handson approach and be able to work in a dynamic environment experiencing rapid change.