Title: Rig Accountant
Webindex: 69068822
Company: Aberdeen Appointment Agency
Description: Duties are to include, but not restricted to: Organise and control all computerised reporting of accounts for assigned rig and ensure this is carried out in accordance with internal procedures and statutory requirements:  Ensure that all incoming invoices are booked correctly (e.g. VAT, chart of accounts).  Prepare client invoices accordance to contract.  Follow up client receivables in accordance with contractual terms and within due date.  Ensure that all contractual matters arising from any invoices from clients and suppliers are addressed in accordance with accepted practice and procedure.  Prepare accurate accruals to ensure correct timing of income and costs.  Reconcile all balance sheet accounts (used by the rig).  Reconcile all goods receipted purchase orders to ensure the correct accrual has been made through the material system.  Reconcile charter rate income based on hours and daily rate.  Prepare all intercompany invoices in accordance with contracts (bareboat and service agreements) and AFE procedure (capital investments) and intercompany confirmations between entities. Prepare management reports in accordance with internal requirements and agreed deadlines. Coordinate and prepare Hyperion input in accordance with internal requirements and agreed deadlines. Participate in preparing budgets and forecasts in accordance with internal requirements and agreed deadlines. Provide support and information to other departments if requested/required to ensure correct input to the accounts (e.g. Purchasing Department, Rig Manager). Provide support and information to Rig Managers to allow them to manage their budgets. Prepare monthly capex cashflow schedule in accordance to the group requirements and deadlines. Assist on adhoc projects within the finance structure subject to availability. Ensure the Head of Management Accounting is kept fully informed of all issues impacting operational reporting. The Candidate requirements:  Excellent IT and Systems (in particular SAP) knowledge  HND/Degree in Accounting or relevant degree required  Industry experience  Experience in a similar role required  A selfstarting, motivated individual