Title: Pensions Administrator  All Levels (6 month contract)
Webindex: 68379065
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: A variety of Pensions Administrators at different stages in their career are required to join this leading consultancy. You will be ensuring a first rate service is provided for members as well as gaining further knowledge to progress your own career. As a Junior Pensions Administrator you will deal with basic queries and calculations both manual and automated. As a Pensions Administrator you will deal with cradle to grave administration. Possessing first rate communication skills, you will liaise with members with regards to questions and queries. Numerically minded, you will be able to produce both manual and automated calculations. As a senior you will be technically strong, you will perform detailed pensions calculations, enter pensions data and answer complicated enquiries using automated and manual processes. Use your adept communications skills to promptly and professionally communicate with clients and scheme members on multifaceted queries. Strive for continual achievement of set targets working in accordance with workflow standards. With the ability to be accountable for the standard of your own work, you must also be able to check colleagues work and provide support and guidance for team members. Ideally you will have relevant pensions administration experience, having worked on DB and/or DC schemes. You will also be confident working within a team and following set processes. Working towards the DPC or QPA qualification and solid computer literacy would be an advantage. We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.