Title: Secretary Engineer
Webindex: 69746352
Company: Mega Contractors
Description: Job Description: Purpose of Job To assist his manager in all administrative and secretariat work, documents control, training and development of Admin staff. Job Description and duties: bull; Draft correspondence and letters and follow replays bull; prepare weekly, monthly and yearly security report bull; Arrange meetings and prepare MOM. bull; Draft and update procedures and documentations bull; prepare and design Power Point presentation bull; manage budget and expenditure bull; Follow up dep. Requirements with other concern departments bull; Maintain effective liaison with other department and staff bull; Publishes the corporate newsletter by gathering information; preparing and editing articles; designing graphic presentation; producing and distributing. bull; Helps key staff make consistent decisions by advising them of historical precedents; serving as liaison between them and the Manger bull; Completes projects and special assignments by establishing objectives; determining priorities; managing time; gaining cooperation of others; monitoring progress; problemsolving; making adjustments to plans. bull; Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. bull; Improves quality results by studying, evaluating, and redesigning processes; implementing changes. bull; Enhances manager s and corporation s reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. bull; Compile, transcribe, and distribute minutes of meetings. bull; Coordinate and direct office services, such as records and budget preparation, personnel, and housekeeping, in order to aid executives. bull; Prepare invoices, reports, memos, letters, financial statements and other documents, using word processing, spreadsheet, database, and/or presentation software. Set up and oversee administrative policies and procedures for offices and/or organizations. bull; Supervise and train other clerical staff. Review operating practices and procedures in order to determine whether improvements can be made in areas such as workflow, reporting procedures, or expenditures. bull; Interpret administrative and operating policies and procedures for employees. Location: Hatton Garden, London, UK Qualifications AND EXPERIENCE bull; Bachelor degree in Business administration/ secretarial. With minimum 4 years working experience in the same job. Excellent Communication skills. Proficient in MS Office, well versed in computer operations with knowledge and web design Good knowledge of Accounting. handling multiple tasks and prioritizing. Skills in planning and organizing. bull; Ability to work independently with minimal supervision BENEFIT bull; No service changer bull; Salary between $**** to $**** Dollar depend on qualification and experience bull; Free accommodation with utilities bull; Free transportation bull; Lunch during working days bull; Yearly annual leave with Air TKT. Apply to infomegacontractors.com