Title: CIMA Part Qualified Management Accountant
Webindex: 67211669
Description: Responsibilities  Quarterly management reporting  Assist with the population of the standard form report to be issued to technical division managers and General Manager. Meeting with managers to discuss above report and their performance. Quarterly reforecasting  Assist with the production of the Group forecast based on most current information available.  Assist with writing the Group forecast management report.  Review the regions' forecast submissions, ensuring any discrepancies are resolved by liaising with the preparer Annual budgeting  Contribute to the preparation of the consolidated annual budget and cash flow forecast for the Group.  Assist with writing the Group budget management report.  Review the regions' budget submissions, ensuring any discrepancies are resolved by liaising with the preparer.  Update the general ledger with budget data.  Liaison with and support to staff in preparing budgets.  Ensuring a seamless transition to new fiscal years, including updating the chart of accounts, maintaining the new year's codes in the general ledger and Procurement systems, closing down previous year's codes and rolling forward the various financial reports Monthend  Complete various month end duties, including analysing and investigating variances to forecast and budget, calculating month end adjustments and posting the resulting journals, and reviewing activity for potential mispostings or mistimed transactions. Analysis and review  Analysis of Group and divisional budget and forecast against prior year / quarter.  Preparation of financial reports and presentation thereof to senior management.  Investigate/identify improvements to financial reports on an ongoing basis. Experience & Skills Required  Part qualified CIMA studier.  Strong academic background is essential.  First time passes to date are a prerequisite.  Recent experience of budget and forecast preparation and group consolidations.  Recent experience of management reporting.  Good analytical and financial reporting skills and attention to detail.  Commercial awareness and exposure. Badenoch & Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch & Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User