Title: Broker Audit Administrator Admin
Webindex: 68994996
Company: Asure Recruit
Description: An exciting, growing company are currently seeking and EXPERIENCED Administrator with previous broker/underwriting experience to join their busy team. This company pride themselves on their worldclass training on offer, superb opportunities to progress and superb benefits on top of a competitive basic salary. You will be expected to provide administrative support to the Head of Broker Audit Liaison with various areas of the business to understand audit requirements Preparation of audit documents including required policy risk details. Confirm contact details with broker and communicate to set audit appointment and confirm scope. Arrange travel and accommodation accordingly. Maintain Broker Audit Timetable spreadsheet. Manage and collate incoming responses / documentation from brokers following audits. Create and maintain a document to record additional premiums generated from audit Maintain a daily diary to ensure timely responses to audit queries raised. Accompany Manager on brokers audits as and when required. Communicate with Product Heads and Senior Executives where required. Adhere to Company processes with regard to FSA/FSC compliance and Treating Customers Fairly Compliance with Company policy and processes relating to the Data Protection Act Experience and Skills: A good degree of computer literacy is preferred including a good working knowledge of MS Office suite, specifically MS Word and MS Excel. Previous experience working in the Motor Insurance Industry A working knowledge of Landscape is preferred but not essential. Personal Attributes: Excellent organisational skills Investigative approach Attention to detail Effective communication skills both internally and externally at all levels Excellent and confident telephone manner If you think that this might be the next career move for you, please feel free to contact Cam for an informal chat on (Apply online only)