Title: Accountancy Operations Team Leader/Manager
Webindex: 71748623
Company: Integrity
Description: Business Services firm with a strong market share require a qualified accountant with excellent man management and leadership skills to join their team. You will have experience of working in a practice in a fast paced working environment, and be used to managing large teams and large volume whilst providing an exceptional and quality service to the client. Our client is seeking an individual with strong technical knowledge in tax, VAT and accountancy processes. The role will be the bridge between the team leaders and the the Head of department. As well as having a strong technical background, you will be a calm mentor who is able to lead and motivate a team, including appraisals and training of staff. The main objectives of the role are: Managing the operations and delivery of the Limited Company Accountancy Services. Reporting to the Head of the Accounting Services on a weekly and monthly basis with updates on the operations of the department. Defining and implementing reporting where necessary. Reviewing the department s processes on a continuous basis and implementing efficiencies and improvements, whilst maintaining adequate documentation. Measuring and monitoring of SLA s and key KPI s, reporting and responding to exceptions as required. Leadership and management of **** staff of varying disciplines and capability, alongside coaching and development, through the use of objectives and appraisals. Running weekly team meetings to deal with issues promptly. Resource and capacity planning against key performance indicators, and to strict timescales ensuring capacity and suitable technical capability. Owning the training plan for the department, maintaining its effectiveness. Working closely with your fellow managers to create a cooperative environment where staff can flourish and grow their careers. Supporting the Head of Accountancy Services in ensuring that client delivery is exceptional. Exceptional salary, benefits and bonus on offer If you feel you have the skills and ability and also more so the desire to take this role and make your own then apply now for more details. Interviews are being arranged immediately