Title: Billing Analyst
Webindex: 68684471
Company: Badenoch & Clark   Edinburgh.
Description: A major investment banking / asset management organisation is looking to employ a Billing Analyst on a ****  ****/hour initial 3months contract. Responsibilities:  Accurately review the invoices for clients on the agreed billing plan within the specified time frames.  Ensure the controls over the Billing System are adequately maintained and that data integrity is not comprised.  Accurately complete or review complex calculations (such as performance fees).  Key role in completion of management information revenue reporting packages, such as completing and overseeing daily reporting of team work flow and success statistics to senior management.  Ensure all processes are following Sarbanes Oxley risk control and Operating procedures.  Work with the Revenue Team to ensure that accruals are set at the correct level for your clients, and that these are accurate and current to ensure no double counting of revenue.  Actively support/manage ad hoc projects/issues as requested.  Provide support to the Billing Team Manager across a wide range of team activities and functions.  Accurately update the Advantage billing system with relevant billing information taken from client Investment Management Agreements (IMA's) and update any control reports or status plans. Requirements:  Partqualified accountant or relevant asset management experience.  Experience in an operational / delivery Financial Services role.  Experience of junior team management.  Experience of billing system or related general ledger / subledger.  Excel and should be competent with data manipulation, using pivot tables, data sorts, subtotals, lookups and formulae. If you feel that you are suited to this role, don't miss out on an exciting opportunity. Apply Now www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BillingAnalyst_job****