Title: SIPP Pensions Administrator
Webindex: 69590996
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: My client, a leading financial organisation, are seeking an experienced SIPP Pensions Administrator to join their successful team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in SIPP Pensions and a similar environment. The Role Carry out all administration activities, as identified in the Pension Administrator training matrix, for your allocated portfolio of work in an accurate and timely manner. Ensure that all relevant company procedures are complied with and that all relevant legal and regulatory reporting requirements and deadlines are met. Ensure that all reasonable requests received from Client Executives in relation to your portfolio are carried out in a complete, accurate and timely manner and that Executives are kept informed of work progress and status where necessary. Keep up to date with legislative, regulatory and Inland Revenue practices (where applicable) affecting personal and occupational pension schemes. Recognise that treating customers fairly is at the core of how we conduct our business. Develop own professional expertise through on the job training, formal training and, where appropriate, professional qualifications. Carry out any other duties as may reasonably be required. The Person Strong SIPP knowledge Worked in a similar environment The Benefits Generous benefits package including salary, holiday and pension scheme  more PMN****  SIPP Pensions Administrators only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SIPPPensionsAdministrator_job****