Title: Graduate Compliance Officer (EntryLevel)
Webindex: 68672579
Company: Randstad Financial & Professional
Description: A global banking institution is looking to recruit junior Compliance Officers for a remediation project that has arisen within their Bristol office. The role is an exciting opportunity for candidates of graduate calibre who are looking to take their first steps into compliance or working within a banking institution. The role is initially on a **** month temporary basis however there is a strong possibility the role may become permanent after that time. Key Accountabilities: Complete initial file review and completeness assessment of account types. Obtain research information as appropriate and carry out adverse information checks on all clients and related parties. Complete / maintain correct Due Diligence, CRAM and KYC records relating to all types of accounts. Ensure accounts are remediated in compliance with regulations set out by the authorities as well as the bank's policies  confirming identity and establishing that any wealth is from a legitimate source. To act as a technical expert, providing support and specialist advice where necessary. Identify remediation actions to be completed by Front Line Prepare files including remediation actions for Case Managers to complete. Adhere to individual project targets and timescales. Person specification Ideally for this role you will have a finance or law related degree. You will need to have a strong eye for detail and the ability to build effective relationships and be able to start work in January. The role is subject to preemployment screening checks including credit checks. This role will interview in early January. Randstad Financial Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateComplianceOfficerEntryLevel_job****