Title: Internal Audit Senior BLUI****
Webindex: 71649430
Company: Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd
Description: Internal Audit Senior BLUI**** Bristol Salary up to **** per annum Our client is not only ranked as the ninth largest UK partnership by audit fee income, but they are also one of Europe’s largest accounting firms with a huge global presence. An exciting opportunity has arisen for an Internal Audit Senior to join their Bristol office. As Internal Audit Senior, you will support Partners and Managers in developing GRIC (Governance, Risk and Internal Control) service line within the company through the delivery of high quality internal audit services in both the private and public sector. You will work alongside colleagues to support the delivery of internal audit work in line with client expectations; supporting the continued growth of the regional practice. Under the direction of the Senior Manager and Managers, you will lead and deliver audit assignments to a range of internal audit clients and on occasion, supervise, coach and review the work of partqualified audit trainees. To be successful in this role, candidates will ideally be CCAB qualified or qualified at MIIA or PIIA level (or equivalent). With a professional and motivated approach, you will have a wealth of post qualification experience in delivering internal audit from within a practice environment and / or a commercial or notforprofit environment. Whilst continuously seeking to enhance your industry expertise and knowledge, you will have the ability identify client’s needs and use your project management experience to keep them informed of project status. It is essential that you have access to a vehicle as the role involves regular travel to client sites throughout the South West and South Wales. Our client is all about people – they believe that each individual makes a difference to the company culture. If you’re the sort of person who embraces a challenge and likes to work amongst a diverse team of people from different backgrounds, they could be the firm for you. This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.