Title: Marketing Communications Manager (Customer Communications)
Webindex: 69214747
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Marketing Communications Manager (Customer Communications) The Sippdeal platform is one of AJ Bell?s products for execution  only clients ? they are very proud of its awardwinning history, including the Investor?s Chronicle ?Best Lowcost SIPP Provider ****01****?. AJ Bell itself is one of the UK?s largest providers of lowcost, online investment platforms and stockbroker services. Position: Customer Communications Manager Location: Manchester Salary: ****K  benefits inc. discretionary bonus ROLE: This new role is a great opportunity for an ambitious Communications Manager with a proven background in B2C FMCG / financial services and customer marketing. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Responsible for managing all consumer direct customer communications including the strategic development of contact plans and campaigns to maximise engagement, cross sell, up sell and life time value. b) Leading a small team, you will be responsible for customer transactional and behavioural segmentation, research and testing to create and refine a great customer experience. c) Working closely with all areas of the business, including finance, IT, project teams, and compliance and client services, so it is vital that you?re able to build effective working relationships quickly. d) You will also make sure that campaigns are compliant with FSA and ICO regulatory requirements and AJ Bell brand guidelines. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) B2C experience at management level gained in FMCG / financial services consumer direct. b) Solid understanding of data, insight, customer segmentation and CRM/eCRM. c) Detailed understanding of multichannel communications, including the web, email, direct mail and social media. d) Background in digital and offline communication channels. e) Brand development and management. f) Customer and competitor research tracking and reporting. g) Strong stakeholder and people manager. h) Effective problemsolver and decision maker. i) Project management skills. j) Numerate and literate, with meticulous attention to detail. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Marketing qualifications, e.g. CIM or equivalent. You may have experience of the following: Customer Communications Manager, Brand Development, Marketing Manager, Customer Retention, Social Media, PR and Communications Manager, Customer Marketing Manager, PR Consultant, Internal Communications Manager, FMCG, CRM, Customer Services Manager, Financial Services, eCRM, Marketing Communications Manager, Customer Insight, Marcomms, Campaign Manager, Direct Marketing, Customer Services, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK?s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.