Title: Senior Risk Analyst, Mortgage Acquisitions
Webindex: 70165988
Company: Harnham Search Selection
Description: Senior Risk Analyst, Mortgage Acquisitions This opportunity as a Senior Risk Analyst working on Mortgage Acquisitions has arisen due to an internal promotion. An individual with good SAS still, an analytical mindset and experience working in credit Risk is required to work in a fast paced environment. THE COMPANY: This is a large retail banking organisation who put a real value on innovative analytics. They work across retail banking products and have office across the UK. This opportunity sits in a fast paced team with excellent growth potential. THE ROLE: The Senior Risk Analyst will previously have experience using SAS and for credit risk analysis, carrying out profitability modelling, affordability modelling, and accept/decline decisioning on customer mortgage applications. The team works closely with scorecards, but will be more strategically focussed in its nature. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:  Extremely analytically able  Good SAS skills  A background in Credit Risk, preferably on Mortgage portfolios.  A 2.1 Degree in a numerate subject. THE BENEFITS: You can expect a salary of up to **** plus a bonus, pension and healthcare. HOW TO APPLY: For further information or an informal conversation, contact Joe Parsons at Harnham Search on (****) **** **** or by email at: joeparsonsharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS: Mortgage, Analyst, SAS, Excel, Mortgages, Develop, Analysis, Testing, Acquisitions, Implement, Implementation, Strategies, Strategy, Senior, Analyse, Customer, Credit, Risk, Credit Risk, Insight, Asses, Assessment, Scoring, Scorecard. ABOUT HARNHAM: Harnham are specialist recruiters within the field of analytics with experience in placing highly skilled experts within global leaders in statistics, SAS analytics, insight, marketing, credit risk and business intelligence. Harnham have strong relationships with an array of global companies encompassing all of these fields. Senior Risk Analyst, Mortgage Acquisitions