Title: Transition CoOrdinator
Webindex: 68098273
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: An exceptional opportunity for an experienced Transition Coordinator to join this profitable financial services division of a FTSE 100. Purpose of the role will be; To provide single point of contact to Relationship Managers, Business Development, Sales and other functional teams in all aspects of transitional activities Within the context of the Operations Transitions Team, transitions include: oClientdriven transitions such as new client takeon, additional stock funding for existing clients, delivery out for lost clients, custodian changes and large mandate changes. oIMD  driven transitions such as changes to portfolio structures, pooled fund restructures, product launches and other business initiatives as required To plan and deliver the operational elements of transitions across all asset classes in accordance with the Approved Transitions model oPlanning Transitions  to review, assess, plan, coordinate, document and control all operational activities through liaison with external partners, Relationship Managers, NB C Committee, Business Development, Sales and other functional areas oDelivering Transitions  to ensure the delivery of transitions in agreed timescale, to agreed deadline, within budget and to a consistently high standard. The Transition Coordinator should have reasonable technical knowledge and experience in respect of Transitions (being defined as new and lost business and internal transfers, including pooled fund transfers). A good understanding of the Fund Management Industry and related custodial and pooled fund industries is required. The Transition Coordaintor is also required to exhibit strong knowledge in respect of all aspects of Operations processes and good relationship management skills. Excellent long term development opportunities. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TransitionCoOrdinator_job****