Title: 12 MTH CONTRACT  EXP OF COMP MON OR CONTROL TESTING FROM A CUSTODY BANK (OR SIMILAR EXP) REQ D
Webindex: 69538809
Company: Compliance Recruitment Solutions
Description: We are recruiting for a leading financial services group looking for a Compliance Monitoring Specialist. Reporting to the Compliance Monitoring Manager, duties will include; bull; nbsp;Conduct onsite inspection of the business units of UK Branch under the supervision of the Compliance Monitoring Manager, such inspections to be both planned and reactionary visits. bull; nbsp;Development of the monitoring activity carried out by the UK Branch with a focus on completion of the yearly monitoring plan. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Contribute to the development of the monitoring plan by ensuring that new areas of the UK Branch business are included in the plan and by reviewing the risks posed by such business units on a continuous basis. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Tracking and monitoring completion of action plans agreed with the business units following inspection visits. bull; nbsp;Ensure that Business Unit Certificate process is updated to take account of changes in laws and regulations and ensure that testing of business response is incorporated in the overall plan. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Monitor the external environment for changes in regulation which may impact either the plan or compliance obligations. You should have previous experience of Compliance Monitoring or Control Testing from a Custody Bank or similar e.g. nbsp; back office monitoring of Cash, FX or Securities Lending. For further information or a confidential no obligation discussion, please feel free to call Darren Ruskin on **** **** **** or send your details to him at darrencompliancerecruitment.com nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Compliance Recruitment Solutions Limited (CRS) are acting as an employment agency in relation to this role. nbsp; The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove that they are legally entitled to work in the UK. Through application, all candidates signify their acceptance of the above information and confirm that the information they provide is true and accurate to the best of their knowledge. nbsp;