Title: Audit & Assurance Senior
Webindex: 68687474
Company: Randstad Financial & Professional
Description: This national mid tier accountancy practice are currently looking to expand their Audit Assurance team with the recruitment of an additional Audit Senior for their central Leeds office. The Audit Assurance team provide a full range of audit, reporting actuarial, corporate governance, risk management and transaction support services to a varied portfolio of private listed companies across the region. Working as an Audit Senior you will provide audit services to clients across a broad range of commercial sectors, the portfolio being weighted toward OMB in the 1040m t/o range. To these you will be responsible for all aspects of planing and execution of the audit including budgeting, resource allocation, team management, acting as point of liaison for the client and drafting statutory financial statement. There is also the opportunity to get involved in broader assurance advisory activity such as due diligence for acquisitions, forecasting and assessment assignments. The practice provide a dynamic working environment and a culture where development is strongly encouraged. As well as the ethos of promoting from within, continued growth of the clients base within this service line create clear channels for career development and promotion to Manager. To succeed in this role you will be either soon to qualify or recently qualified (ACA or ACCA), with significant audit 'in charge' experience gained from within another mid tier practice. Randstad Financial Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AuditAssuranceSenior_job****