Title: Graduate Scheme Asset Management, Headhunter
Webindex: 68996065
Company: Candidate Source
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Graduate Scheme Asset Management, Headhunter to join a highly respected boutique Executive Search and Recruitment Consultancy based in Canary Wharf, London, who work as a talent supplier to many worldclass businesses in Asset Management and Wealth Management, covering both front, advisory and backoffice positions. Are you a persuasive individual and able to engage in highlevel business conversations with senior professionals? Do you have a background which shows a true competitive spirit; in sport, entrepreneurship, business development or academic study? This is an exceptional opportunity to work in a highly lucrative and meritocratic environment alongside driven and focused colleagues. Sometimes it can even be good fun Researchers / Trainees / Graduates will typically progress to become Consultants within 410 months. As an Asset Management, Headhunter you will hold the following skills and experiences: Have a track record that shows your tenacity and a mature, intelligent manner, suited to the City of London. Will be passionate about business, financial markets and understand a little about asset management. Be an outgoing and articulate individual, able to influence and communicate with strong willed senior finance professionals. Will be research orientated and financially literate. Graduate Experience in a Commercial position, in Sales, Business Development or Management Consulting. A willingness to learn the technicalities of new markets. Good verbal reasoning skills. A full and extensive training programme is provided. The company identifies and trains Researchers and Junior Consultants on behalf of a leading headhunting firm offering a market leading service to both firms and individuals. In return you will receive a salary of up to **** per annum. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website