Title: Physical Oil Settlements (Pricing ) Manager
Webindex: 71356304
Company: Twenty Recruitment Ltd
Description: Twenty Recruitment Group are delighted to be recruiting for one of the prominent Energy Trading outfits in the market. The Global Pricing Operations Team is responsible for ensuring accurate and timely valuation of all physical deals for Settlement purposes. Although based in London the team manages valuations for the Global Oil Trading Teams as well as Oil Gas in London. The Pricing Operations Team sits within the Global Oil Europe Gas Settlements Team, which encompasses 3rd Party Settlements, Intercompany Settlements, Cash Operations in addition to Pricing. The Settlements Team is part of the Global Business Services Function, which encompasses Contracts, Cost Management, Data Maintenance as well as Settlements across IST The team act as the primary interface for the Front Office Product Control Teams. The Pricing Operations Manager leads a team of 8 direct reports. Ensure smooth operation of daily activities, delivering against KPI targets. Proactively managing relationships with global stakeholders. Engaging with the broader finance community in the monthly Continue Improvement forum. Identifying and implementing CI opportunities within the Pricing and broader Settlements Team, focussing on increased Control, Performance and Efficiency. Developing capability within the team, through a focus on effective recruitment, onboarding, current process documentation and ongoing people development. Managing risk within the team using the standard Business Services tools Requirements: Accounting/Finance background, preferably in an oil Commodity Trading environment Ability to read and interpret complex commercial agreements Understand trading concepts (exposure, MTM P L etc) Leading a Team Understanding Oil Trading Principles (Physical Delivery/inco terms, Formula Priced Commercial agreements) Accountancy Qualification (qualified by experience acceptable) For more information please contact James Manders on **** **** **** or james.manderstwentyrecruitment.com