Title: Billing Quality Control Analyst
Webindex: 68672617
Company: Parkside Recruitment   Uxbridge
Description: To manage a portfolio of Blue Chip client accounts within the International Billing Analysis Team. Effective conscientious analysis of the billing of these clients. The candidate will demonstrate a successful proven track record within a Global billing function. Extremely client focused, resilient and determined individual who is self motivate, innovative, team focused, working to precise deadlines, and providing accurate analytical reporting in line with Client contractual requirements. A proactive member of the Billing Quality Control Team. Responsibilities To provide consistent, precise and timely analysis of client billing. Assist in the preparation of month end reports. Ensure through review and monitoring of statistics reports that all clients are billed to agreed contractual commitments. Produce Client Purchase Order Reconciliations, reviewing accuracy and quality of data prior to submisison to manager and client. Continuely reviewing and working to improve existing data. Attend Client and Media meetings where required. Prepare and maintain portfolio's of client Billing and Reconciliations requirements. Adhere to timetable of client Billing and Reconcilation requirements. Ensure the client Master File, is kept up to date and new client information is updated within the agreed time frame. Liasing with Client Accounting Managers and the Credit Collections team regarding collections and the resolution of client queries. Ensuring Agency is resolving queries for allocated client portfolio. Ensure reconciliation schedules are correct. Ensure Client Purchase Order Reconciliations are reconciling to the client account Ensuring integrity of the Billings function in accordance to Sarbanes Oxley Control process's. Ad hoc projects as directed by the Finance Operations Management. Provide holiday and sick cover as necessary. Skills/Experience Minimum 5 years billing experience within an International Organisation. Proven track record within a large team and can demonstrate expertise in self motivation and developing. Commercially focused with a strong client service approach, quality control is key. Confidence in dealing and building relationships both internally and externally. Excellent written and oral communication skills. Strong Excel experience, preferably to pivot table, macro level. High level of accuracy and attention to detail. Well organised with strength in prioritising. Flexible attitude to achieve results. Calm under pressure. Parkside Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Parkside Recruitment is an Equal Opportunities Employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BillingQualityControlAnalyst_job****