Title: Group Reporting Accountant
Webindex: 68708382
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: Working out of the Herefordshire manufacturing plant as a Group Reporting Accountant the successful candidate will be responsible for various financial accounting tasks including:  The timely completion of critical statutory accounts in order to ensure the business remains compliant with Government legislation.  Reporting to senior shareholders within the business with accurate financial information, impacting directly upon the business.  Performing vital compliance work and liaising with the relevant authorities in doing so.  Participation in month end accounts  ensuring the business is able to draw upon accurate and detailed financial information.  General Ad Hoc analytical work and consistent examination of existing processes and possible im As Group Reporting Accountant and playing a vital role in avibrant manufacturing business you will:  Be able to work well as part of a team in order to benefit the business as much as possible.  Demonstrate a consistent track record of adding value and excellent technical skill  Hold a recognised accountancy qualification  Have the desire to work in a fast paced environment as they strive to consistently improve and develop Our client is a successful business in the Herefordshire area with a specialism in manufacturing. With a excellent reputation in the local community the business has recently undergone a restructure in order to promote growth for the future. An attractive salary of up to **** is on offer. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GroupReportingAccountant_job****