Title: Healthcare Consultant
Webindex: 68067922
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: A recognised leader in the UK and International Employee Benefits consultancy market is currently recruiting for an experienced Consultant join their renowned, growing organisation on a permanent basis. Within this role, the main responsibilities will be to secure new business in regards to PMI schemes, and subsequently manage the implementation of this business into the company's portfolio, where it'll be delegated to a designated Account Manager. In addition, other aspects of the role will include updating internal systems and manipulating/analysing data to present to the team and other stakeholders, as well as having a high level of client contact and resolving any queries quickly and accurately. There will also be a high amount of team coaching and work delegation in this role, where you'll be overseeing a team of administrators that are in place to actively support your work.T The successful applicant for this role will need to have recently worked in a similar role, where they are able to demonstrate a strong competencies and generating new business leads and converting these into policies, as well as having the foresight and competent personality to maintain existing business links and manage policy referrals on a regular basis. You will need to have an established, working knowledge of products and administration of Group PMI products, and will have experience of working within a market that is competitive and constantly changing. Good administration, time management and communication skills are also important, as is a competent knowledge of MS Office packages; particularly Excel. Working towards CII modules is preferred, although not essential, and candidates will need to demonstrate a desire and aptitude to learn new skills and products quickly and indepth. Alongside a competitive salary, this role also offers an attractive company pension and healthcare plan, holiday allowance, performancerelated bonus, and the opportunity to further develop a career within a recognised, successful marketleader. PTM130126 Healthcare Consultant is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, Advisors, Employee Benefits, Compliance, Pensions, Group Risk, Paraplanners, Sales Support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HealthcareConsultant_job****