Title: Management Accounts Senior  Practice
Webindex: 70250271
Company: Alexander Kaye Recruitment Ltd
Description: Management Accounts Senior – Practice Our client is a leading accountancy practice who is seeking an accountant to join their thriving Nottingham office. This is a great opportunity to join a firm which offers a varied role working out at client premises. The position will not cover audit or accounts prep. It is ideal for an individual seeking a commercial based accounting position. You will have a portfolio of clients which you will visit on a monthly basis carrying out the following duties:  Production of management accounts – P L and Balance sheet  Assisting/training clients on Sage  Bookkeeping work  Payroll cover occasionally The role would suit a professional individual with strong interpersonal skills who has an indepth knowledge of Sage. The position could be for a qualified, partqualified or QBE (qualified by experience) – more importantly is your experience of Sage and accountancy knowledge. If would be preferred if you had a practice background however candidates who worked in practice and now working in industry who would like to return and work in a more varied role are welcome to apply. Full study offered for ACCA or AAT if required. Our client offers good career prospects and company benefits. Key words: Audit Manager/Semi Senior/Part Qualified Roles/Management Accountant/Financial Accountant/Assistant Accountant/CIMA/ACA/ACCA/Newly Qualified/Accountancy roles Nottingham/Tax/Accounts Senior/Practice roles/Audit/Sage/IRIS Alexander Kaye work across Nottingham, Derby, Lincolnshire, Leicester, Burton and Mansfield. We work with a large selection of practices from Top 10 firms to small partnerships. Recruiting across the board from AAT Trainee, SemiSenior, to Audit Manager and Partner/Director level. Our industry clients range from PLC’s to small OMB/SME’s – covering all areas from Financial Controller/Director to Credit Controller/Accounts Clerks. You wouldn’t accept just any old job. So why trust just any old recruitment consultancy? Whether you’re looking to progress your career or are taking your first step on the financial career ladder, you need the support of consultants who’ll find you your ideal job. People who’ll spend time with you to get to understand what makes you tick, what you want and, just as important, what you don’t want. People who appreciate the nuances in your skills and the value of your experience. People who have the technical expertise to speak your language. At Alexander Kaye Recruitment, we have a very simple philosophy. The more we get to know you, the more suitable the position we can recommend for you. So we invest serious time with you to gain a more rounded picture of you and your goals. This means you can be sure that the role we recommend for you will suit not only your personality, but it will fit your long term career goals  whether you’re looking to be a Bookkeeper, Trainee Accountant, Tax Accountant, Senior Auditor or even a Partner. The Alexander Kaye Recruitment team is proud of the successful placements we achieve, and we’d love to do the same for you. Alexander Kaye Recruitment Limited is proud to be sponsors of CIOT for the East Midlands Please visit our website for many new practice jobs: www.alexanderkaye.co.uk Register on our website to receive all new jobs directly to you inbox. FOLLOW US ON TWITTER FOR NEW JOBS AND CAREERS/SALARY NEWS Alexander kaye This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManagementAccountsSeniorPractice_job****