Title: Financial Analyst Entertainment/TV
Webindex: 69202089
Company: Sauce Recruitment Ltd
Description: Enjoy working within the Media industry? Are you an experienced Financial Analyst who is looking for a challenging, interesting and responsible role within a Global Media company? This could be for you? A highly reputable and globally recognised Media organisation has an opportunity within their Programming division due to maternity cover. This is a commercially focused business partnering role where you will be the link between finance and the business (including legal, programming, Acquisitions). Reporting directly to the FD, the main responsibilities for this role include full financial management for all aspects of Programming/Production from investment, amort, cashflow, Forecasting, scenario modelling, and advising nonfinancial staff on financial matters. The role: ? Establish budgets, forecasts, and long term business plans for the division, ensuring in line with the strategy and aims of the division ? Risk and variance analysis ? Work with the programming and acquisitions teams to assist with the planning and costing schedules ? Scenario based modelling to allow for decision making whilst being financially and commercially informed ? Managed investment budgets, ensuring these result in amortisation costs within budget ? Cashflow management ? Quarterly audit of all programming stock against the system ? Work with Programming teams to develop ROI of content, Optimisation of Investment, long term budgets ? Assisting programming management with stock management The person: ? Extensive management accounting and analysis skills, ideally Part Qualified but will consider Qualified by Experience ? Previous experience within a Business Partnering role would be highly desirable ? High attention to detail with a focus on accuracy ? Ability to effectively work with a variety of people from across the business including creatives ? Technically strong ? Strong communication skills ? Confident and proactive in work style with the ability to influence, challenge and manage all levels of colleagues including senior management ? Commercially focused ? Experience gained within TV, Broadcast, Music or similar to allow for understanding of Programming finances is preferred This is a varied and interesting role for the right individual who wants to work for a truly innovative Media company.