Title: Council Tax Officer x****  Corporate Resources
Webindex: 66522300
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Council Tax Officer x4  Corporate Resources Reference no: Ealing **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: W**** 2 What s involved with this role: [For guidance as no JD has been forwarded for this particular order] To action notifications received by telephone, personal visit, email or correspondence from council tax payers or their representatives by amending computer held records to reflect changes in liability, reliefs, exemptions or discounts and ensure that the visiting service is advised of any appropriate changes. To respond to enquiries received from council tax payers or representatives and provide advice so as to ensure that enquiries are dealt with effectively and efficiently and that appropriate action is taken. To make payment arrangements with defaulters as appropriate. To prepare accounts for writeoff as appropriate To annually review the award of various discounts, disregards and exemptions. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of **** months recent council tax officer experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Experience of Northgate V**** Iclipse, GroupWise for email or other email facility Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Environment and Customer Services/Revenue Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 34 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited