Title: Senior Credit Analyst
Webindex: 67101294
Company: ASC Connections
Description: Senior Credit Analyst Salary : ****  ****k Warwick This is a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Credit Analyst to join this organisation based in Warwick. PURPOSE OF THE JOB To provide balanced, informed and reasoned commercial credit decisions based on relevant company and financial information for the countries belonging to the Service Centre (Belgium, Netherlands, UK, and Ireland). Working as part of the Credit Department to ensure customer service levels are maintained. Lead role on underwriting for credit applications for Belgium and the Netherlands but will still have partial responsibility for UK and Ireland. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES • To analyse and interpret commercial credit requests. • To present reasoned recommendations to members of the credit team and members of credit committee. • To provide reasoned, informed and balanced credit decisions within the limitations of delegated personal underwriting authority. • To provide support as required in all areas of the credit department remit. • To provide support as required to the credit team leader and their managers. • To provide support to other areas of the business as required. • To ensure compliance with Credit Policies. • Follow and embrace the company ethos. • Comply with all Company policies, directives and guidelines. • Comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including Corporate Governance, AntiFinancial Crime (AntiMoney Laundering), AntiCorruption (Bribery Act), Competition, Data Protection, Consumer Credit Act and FSA EDUCATION & PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE • University degree required on Maths, Finance or Business Administration or equivalent is desirable. • Credit & risk experience, preferably in the financial services industry. • Experience / Knowledge of working on credit request for Belgium & Netherlands. • Experience in underwriting commercial asset backed finance requests desirable. COMPETENCIES & SKILLS Competencies & skills: • Good knowledge / understanding of financial services products and services. • Good knowledge of and experience in credit analysis. • Strong analytical skills in relation to financial and company information. • Strong decision making skills. • Ability to negotiate with internal and external customers. • Ability to work under pressure whilst producing accurate output. • High level of PC skills (Microsoft Excel, Power Point). • Advanced level of English (oral/written) • Medium level of Dutch (oral/written) preferable Medium level of French (oral/written) preferable ASC Connections is a leading recruitment business specialising within areas of both technical and business services. We operate as an employment business or an employment agency for all temporary and permanent roles respectively. For an extensive range of job opportunities please visit our website at www.ascconnections.com