Title: Operations Data Analyst  ****
Webindex: 69172604
Company: Advantage Professional
Description: Data Analyst  **** Background  The successful candidate will work alongside a team of Data Analysts responsible for the migration of applications and equipment ordering workflows to a new Request tool to be used by Corporate Banking staff.  The role will require detailed workflow analysis to understand current processes and establish a future state workflow to be migrated to the new tool.  The ideal candidate will be self motivated with good organisational skills, be a good communicator both written and oral, and preferably have previous experience in a data / workflow analysis. Duties/Responsibilities This role has the following major duties and responsibilities: Applications On Boarding / Workflow Analysis  Interact with Business, Technology and Controls areas for data / workflow information.  Perform effective analysis of existing workflows and procedures  Support the business by troubleshooting and resolving issues both tactically and strategically as a first point of contact  Design future state application workflows  Interact with the Integration Team to explain build requirements.  Perform UAT testing  Obtain sign off from Business, Technology and Controls areas.  Liaise with business areas to resolve any issues relating to data quality  Report any issues to the Applications Analysis Coordinator  Identify and suggest ways to deliver improvement and efficiency  Organise and manage own pieces of work and deliver to a consistently high quality quantity.  Good communication and negotiation skills, when liaising with business or technology areas.  Willingness and ability to adapt to frequent change. Stakeholder Management  Engage with the suppliers to the project (internal and external) to identify, agree and maintain key deliverables within agreed targets.  As and when required, to participate in project workshops, engaging stakeholders, subject matter experts and attendees at all levels  Face off to stakeholders where process understanding is required  Facilitate stakeholder meetings and resolution through change process Technical Skills Essential  Experienced in endtoend delivery of small projects or streams of work  Experience of data analysis / manipulation techniques  Extensive Excel Knowledge  Testing / Quality Assurance  MS EXCEL  MS WORD Preferred  Identity Management project experience  Endtoend lifecycle experience of systems development implementation projects  Familiarity with common banking and development technologies  MS PROJECT  MS Visio Personal Skills Essential  Ability to identify, attempt to rectify and appropriately escalate issues and risks  Eye for detail  Ability to work within a team  Ability to work under pressure  Selfmotivated, quick learner  Ability to deliver to challenging deadlines  Strong organization and work prioritization skills Preferred  Financial industry experience  Flexibility to travel within the UK, if required  Understanding of regulatory and governance standards  SarbanesOxley, CoBIT, ISO 027001 Advantage Professional is a leading international recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OperationsDataAnalyst****_job****