Title: Data Architect / Lead Data Architect  Banking
Webindex: 71962249
Company: Curtis Reed Associates Limited
Description: Data Architect / Lead Data Architect is required to drive the delivery and maintenance of the information architecture and data strategy for the bank; through vision, roadmaps, technology standards and education. Main Responsibilities:  Direct and control large specialist teams to define and deliver data solutions.  Own and develop a fit for purpose IT vision and roadmap for the aligned domain.  Analyse the Bank s enterprise information architecture and help model the Bank s business activities and information.  Continuous improvement of data and information at a Bankwide level; and making the resulting organisational and technology changes happen.  Requirements gathering, Business Analysis, Design, Information Architecture and project delivery.  Stakeholder management across the Bank and help provide governance to the technology delivery programme, and help plan for future technology investments. Skills Experience:  Must have delivered large Analytical capabilities, ideally in financial services or have implemented MDM and Data Quality Definition programmes.  Experience in a similar role as Enterprise Information Architect within large, complex organisation, ideally with knowledge of EA and EIA frameworks such as TOGAF and Zachman  Experience in leading functional/project user experience development teams and knowledge of technology, project management, and solution development life cycles  Experience in creating and delivering transformation change at an organisationwide level including knowledge of design and implementation of information management frameworks. Knowledge of one or more of the following Primary Domains: BI, Analytics Reporting Data Warehouse, Data Marts ETL Data Quality, Reference Meta Data Enterprise Data Models (E.g. FSLDM) Data Governance Master Data Management Content Knowledge Management ILM, Archive, Records Management This is an exceptional opportunity to be part of a growing team and make a positive contribution on a high profile program of change and improvement.