Title: Bookkeeper/Accounts SemiSenior  Study
Webindex: 68696654
Company: Alexander Kaye Recruitment Ltd
Description: Small friendly firm of Accountants based close to Hucknall seeks a practice person to join their team. The role will cover the following: VAT Returns Bookkeeping Accounts Prep Support of payroll function Management Accounts production They are seeking an individual who will have at least one years practice experience. You must be able to prepare sets of accounts. Sage/IRIS knowledge helpful. Position could involve staff supervision and training if so desired. The partner is happy for you to deal directly with clients both over the phone and face to face. This is a great firm to work for with a low staff turnover and great working atmosphere. Experience of working in practice is essential. Please do not apply if you have not got experience of preparing sets of accounts. AAT/MAAT/ACCA helpful not essential. Study support offered Alexander Kaye work across Nottingham, Derby, Lincolnshire, Leicester, Burton and Mansfield. We work with a large selection of practices from Top 10 firms to small partnerships. Recruiting across the board from AAT Trainee, SemiSenior, to Audit Manager and Partner/Director level. You wouldn’t accept just any old job. So why trust just any old recruitment consultancy? Whether you’re looking to progress your career or are taking your first step on the financial career ladder, you need the support of consultants who’ll find you your ideal job. People who’ll spend time with you to get to understand what makes you tick, what you want and, just as important, what you don’t want. People who appreciate the nuances in your skills and the value of your experience. People who have the technical expertise to speak your language. At Alexander Kaye Recruitment, we have a very simple philosophy. The more we get to know you, the more suitable the position we can recommend for you. So we invest serious time with you to gain a more rounded picture of you and your goals. This means you can be sure that the role we recommend for you will suit not only your personality, but it will fit your long term career goals  whether you’re looking to be a Bookkeeper, Trainee Accountant, Tax Accountant, Senior Auditor or even a Partner. The Alexander Kaye Recruitment team is proud of the successful placements we achieve, and we’d love to do the same for you. Alexander Kaye Recruitment Limited is proud to be sponsors of CIOT for the East Midlands Please visit our website for many new practice jobs: www.alexanderkaye.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BookkeeperAccountsSemiSeniorStudy_job****