Title: Acquisitions Accountant
Webindex: 72457210
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: An MI Analyst you will be part of a newly created team, the purpose of which is to provide accounting and technical support for the integration and development of new acquisitions to the group. The main focus will be to visit the newly acquired business, and assist the central finance team or business partners with the integration, performance reporting and ultimately the handover the the ``Business As Usual`` team. Performance management and tracking may take up to three years following entrance to the group dependant on the nature of the acquisition. Your remit will include budgets, forecasts, management accounts and variance analysis, as you monitor the performance of the acquisitions during the initial onboarding phase. As the acquisitions can come throughout the UK, there will be a This is a highly interesting position which will offer new and differing challenges for each business bought into the group. The ideal candidate will be a late stage studier or qualified accountant (CIMA, ACCA or ACA), and will be inquisitive and driven in nature, be comfortable with change, and who has the ability to ask the right questions. You will have strong communication skills and will be able to prioritise and multitask. As mentioned above, due to the national location of acquisitions, there will be a requirement to travel, and this is likely to be a day a week or so out of the office, possibly involving overnight stays depending on location. Our client is a leading Kent based Financial Services Business. Package Value of ****  benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AcquisitionsAccountant_job****