Title: Money Advisor (Financial Inclusion, Welfare Benefits Advice – Social Housing)
Webindex: 68384952
Company: NETWORX
Description: Money Advisor ( Financial Inclusion, Welfare Benefits Advice Social Housing) Matlock (commutable from Derby, Ashbourne, Nottingham, Mansfield and surrounding areas) Salary circa **** Our client has an exciting opportunity for a Money Advisor to support the Senior Income Management Coordinator in their Neighbourhoods department. Proactively you will action appropriate referrals for the money advice service as required, whilst providing advice to clients who are facing legal action due to their arrears you will also maximise income through proving money and debt advice to customers. Maintaining a close working relationship with the relevant Neighbourhood Coordinator you will provide an excellent service to customers that focus on sustaining tenancies. This will also relate to welfare benefits including housing benefit and universal credit and also verifying claims, pursing backdate requests and liaising with the relevant benefit team. Our client s ideal candidate will have specialist money advice qualification e.g. NVQ level 2 and a good standard of education including English and Maths or equivalent. Knowledge of relevant money and welfare advice law along with experience of the money advice service would be ideal. An understanding of the current issues affecting social housing as well as experience of completing financial statements and advising about priority and nonpriority debts is essential. Due to the nature of the role you will be required to own a vehicle and hold a current valid driving license with business and car insurance. You may be required to attend out of hour s emergency calls and meetings/ events including fortnightly late night arrears calling during evenings or weekends. Our client is a housing association. Closing date: Friday 1st February, 2013 Interview date: Thursday 14th February, 2013 Neighbourhood Services, Income Management, Income Collection, Arrears Management, Social Housing, Housing Benefits, Resident Engagement, Welfare Benefits, Debt Advice, Money Advice, Financial Inclusion, Former Tenant Arrears,