Title: Insurance Manager (parttime, fixed term contract)  Norwich
Webindex: 71433360
Company: Omni Resource Management Solutions.
Description: Insurance Manager 9 months fixed term contract, 20 hours per week Norwich **** to **** The Company My client is a support services company. They work with local councils and utility companies to design and deliver a wide range of essential frontline services. These include highways maintenance, street lighting, recycling and environmental services such as waste collections or recycling. We are looking for an experienced insurance professional to manage the companies bonded insurance policies. This role is a fixed term contract for a minimum of nine months, working 20 hours per week and with provision for flexible working. About the job You'll manage all aspects of the company's bonding requirements, from issue to cancellation. You will have responsibility for ensuring that the group's assets and liabilities are adequately protected; this will involve checking that the appropriate insurance cover has been obtained, legal and statutory requirements are met and the costs of the premiums are competitive. You will also facilitate renewal statistics and negotiate with brokers to ensure optimum renewal terms are obtained, along with setting up appropriate policies for new contracts, acquisitions and joint ventures. What you'll need You will need to have proven experience of commercial insurances, technical insurance and renewals processes, gained within a large insurance company. Your experience will need to be supported by a Chartered Insurance Institute qualification (ACII or equivalent). You should have experience of working at a senior management level, advising and communicating on available options and processes, as well as discussing continuous improvement initiatives. You'll also need to have an indepth knowledge of claims handling. If you are an experienced insurance manager,looking for a new role in a wellestablished, national company who can offer flexible working conditions, follow the link below to apply today… This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InsuranceManagerparttimefixedtermcontractNorwich_job****