Title: Purchase/Sales Ledger
Webindex: 67770947
Description: Role: The service delivery coordinator is responsible for order lifecycle ownership and coordination of the provisioning and delivery of customer solutions. They will liaise with internal departments, suppliers and customers to ensure successful, timely and right first time delivery and billing data accuracy. Delivery of all solutions in accordance with service delivery OLA's and date setting methodology is paramount whilst managing customer expectations throughout the service delivery process. Where clients have cancelled or revised their requirements, the remit of this role may include managing ceases  this entails getting equipment returned, ensuring all third party services for which could be charged are cancelled in a timely manner to minimise revenue impact, and ensuring databases are updated accordingly to prevent billings and revenue forecasting errors. Key responsibilities: Customer Management  Ensuring the correct questions are asked to fully validate client orders to enable to correct services and systems to be ordered and supplied, and any other order affecting issues identified and communicated.  Ensuring Customer Delivery Dates (CDD) are communicated and met.  Ensuring customers are proactively updated in accordance with Service Delivery objectives and that customer records are kept updated in a professional and timely manner. Order and Process Management  Life cycle management of the order process, utilising internal and supplier order systems.  Management of order flow with internal departments, keeping appropriate parties updated especially sales and finance.  Liaising with and updating external customers & 3rd party suppliers/systems to ensure all parties have the latest information.  Enter information accurately and swiftly for all order types, ensuring company systems reflect accurate billing information. Ensure full suspension of all third party services charged where applicable for cease requests. Forecasting and Data Management  Provide accurate forecasts for revenue and order fulfilment predictions.  Ensuring the accurate and timely entering of data on the appropriate systems so it can be accessed and relied on by all relevant parties. Ensuring data is validated, and updated. Competencies:  Able to work effectively as a team member whether part of a department or virtual project team  Able to identify issues, seek relevant data, recognise important information and be able to diagnose possible causes.  Takes a logical and organised approach to problem solving  Identifies the root cause of problems and takes positive action to prevent reoccurrence  Consistently provides subject matter expertise within area of specialism. Influences technical or commercial decision through depth of specialist knowledge  Generally determines a win/win result  Is able to close effectively with desired outcome  Gains positive support through ability to sell ideas and concepts  Is well organised and able to multi task effectively. Ensures deadlines are met and requests for information/support are provided within the agreed timescales.  Communicates effectively both verbally and in written format