Title: Broker Development Specialist  South East  ****k  bonus  car
Webindex: 70757853
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Broker Development Specialist South East  Home Based To ****  Bonus  Car An Account Manager is sought to maximise profitable business with a panel of insurance brokers across the South East; incorporating Hampshire, Surrey, Sussex, Kent and Greater London. The Company Our client is a leading specialist within the Insurance Industry, providing bespoke insurance and IT solutions to insurers, brokers & the Financial Services sector. They pride themselves on offering the greatest technology and knowledge in their market. The Role The main focus of the role is to promote the services/facilities of the group (i.e. etrading facilities/new scheme opportunities/ancillary products) to new and existing brokers in the South East and achieve profitable business growth. In terms of new business, leads / MI from a central point will be provided. The successful candidate will develop and implement a clear business plan and gain a full understanding of prospects in the region, reporting and documenting all opportunities. Providing training on site to brokers to promote the benefits of the services will also form a key part of the role. The Person To be considered for this role applicants must have experience dealing with insurance brokers (either Commercial or Personal Lines) in a face to face development/account management or training capacity, along with a proven track record of profitable business development. Knowledge of broking/insurer computer systems and software house solutions would be highly advantageous. The ideal candidate will be highly professional, driven and IT literate. Foot note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied in response to an advertisement may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful