Title: CeMap PROTECTION CONSULTANT  Rushden, Northamptonshire
Webindex: 68061810
Company: O'Neil Consultancy
Description: Protection Consultant needed for job based in Rushden. Working in branch for leading financial services organisation. This role offers a competitive salary with a benefit package of 25%. Our client operates globally offering a range of products and services to their customers priding themselves of giving quality service and continually expanding their offering to aid customers. This role will be to assist customers in branch helping educate them to identify and understand their financial needs. Successful candidates will be required to identify whether customers need advice or information and action this, and where possible generate sales. Duties Identify customer’s financial needs and facilitate the service to provide this for them Help customers understand their protection needs; providing information about the products available to them Build rapport with customers to bring them a first class customer experience Provide information about the company’s products and services to allow customers to make an informed choice Communicate on a facetoface basis as well as competently negotiate over the phone and by email to effectively provide assistance Provide leads for sales where appropriate Develop relationships internally with support teams and in branch teams to contribute to the overall performance Deliver against targets and performance objectives Ensure customer applications are completed accurately and prepare and manage their appointments Keep up to date with product knowledge and take responsibility for own personal development Skill set you need: The ideal candidate will ideally have knowledge of Life Insurance, Critical Illness Cover, Income Protection and Accident, Sickness and Unemployment protection. However full training will be given Ideally experience and knowledge in the financial industry PC literate Proven record of delivering high standards of service Excellent communication skills both over the phone and in person Professional and polite manner Ability to listen and understand customer needs Ability to work towards and achieve targets Self motivated and drive to reach targets Experience of working within a team and contributing to their effectiveness Willingness to learn and continually develop If you meet this criteria please apply. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone looking to work and expand their skills within the financial industry. They offer excellent training and are looking for an individual who is enthusiastic and share their core values. They offer a competitive salary and benefits package with an option to take as cash giving a extra boost to your salary. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CeMapPROTECTIONCONSULTANTRushdenNorthamptonshire_job****