Title: Senior Compliance Officer, UK and Europe
Webindex: 72418419
Company: Barclay Simpson
Description: A leading player in the CFD, FX and Spreadbetting industry has a new and exciting opportunity for a Senior Compliance Officer, UK and Europe. The new recruit will be responsible for providing daily management of the UK and European compliance team including managing, coaching and developing the team to effectively deliver the Compliance requirements of the firm. The role is broad reaching and duties will also include developing the riskbased compliance monitoring program, providing regulatory advice and guidance to the business, assisting on the new account opening process, managing the process for approving financial promotions both in the UK and Europe, ensuring strong input into TCF process with relevant stakeholders, managing training and education of all staff in accordance with regulatory expectations and Group policies, overseeing compliance developments from a European perspective and promoting a positive compliance culture across the firm etc. The role will suit someone has excellent knowledge and understanding of the UK and European regulatory environment and strong previous experience in a compliance role. You will have good people management, leading and coaching skills including experience of managing a team remotely. This is a super opportunity and the firm offers a challenging and rewarding working environment where every employee counts and can make a difference. If you re the kind of person that s happy to push boundaries and think and act differently from the norm then I would like to hear from you. The firm takes the wellbeing of their team very seriously  alongside a fun and collaborative working environment, you ll get benefits like 25 days holiday, generous pension, private medical insurance, life assurance and corporate gym access. A leading player in the CFD, FX and Spreadbetting industry has a new and exciting opportunity for a Senior Compliance Officer, UK and Europe. The new recruit will be responsible for providing daily management of the UK and European compliance team including managing, coaching and developing the team to effectively deliver the Compliance requirements of the firm. The role is broad reaching and duties will also include developing the riskbased compliance monitoring program, providing regulatory advice and guidance to the business, assisting on the new account opening process, managing the process for approving financial promotions both in the UK and Europe, ensuring strong input into TCF process with relevant stakeholders, managing training and education of all staff in accordance with regulatory expectations and Group policies, overseeing compliance developments from a European perspective and promoting a positive compliance culture across the firm etc. The role will suit someone has excellent knowledge and understanding of the UK and European regulatory environment and strong previous experience in a compliance role. You will have good people management, leading and coaching skills including experience of managing a team remotely. This is a super opportunity and the firm offers a challenging and rewarding working environment where every employee counts and can make a difference. If you re the kind of person that s happy to push boundaries and think and act differently from the norm then I would like to hear from you. The firm takes the wellbeing of their team very seriously  alongside a fun and collaborative working environment, you ll get benefits like 25 days holiday, generous pension, private medical insurance, life assurance and corporate gym access.