Title: IT Control Coordinator
Webindex: 68712363
Company: Brightwater
Description: IT Control Coordinator The Role The IT Control Coordinator, reporting to the Head of IT Control has responsibility for managing and tracking ASP ISP performance against SLA’s, all work requests and invoices, in addition the coordinator has responsibility for the tracking of all reverse work requests as managed by the IT Control Team within the IT organisation: The IT Control Coordinator role includes ownership and responsibility for: Supporting the Supplier Management function across IT, both ISP and ASP, supporting the Head of IT Control Management in all Control Management activities. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Key Accountabilities  Manages and tracks all work requests (eg Work Order, Change Order, RFS) for all of the company’s 3rd party suppliers and partners for both ISP and ASP.  Manages Supplier invoicing and tracking against approved work orders.  Manages and tracks IT related Reverse work orders and IT inputs to same.  Tracks performance of suppliers against RCAs.  Adhere to company Global processes for working with the company’s 3 rd party Suppliers. Use toolsets outlined by these processes.  Tracks contractual performance of the company’s 3rd party suppliers and partners against agreed SLAs.  Coordinates inputs across IT to the budget process managed by Finance.  Manages and tracks the allocated budget for all of the company’s 3rd party suppliers and partners for both ISP and ASP.  Maintains risk logs.  Demonstrates a flexible and cooperative approach towards changing business needs.  Applies judgment on complex work activity requiring high levels of discretion and initiative. Technical Competencies  At least 5 years experience of working in the Life Insurance Business.  Ability to handle large volumes of work efficiently and to high standards of quality.  Numerate with an Accounting / finance qualification being a distinct advantage.  A knowledge of experience in dealing with / managing external IT suppliers would be a distinct advantage.  Proficiency in EXCEL and other MS Office products in particular Access and PowerPoint. NonTechnical Competencies:  Excellent attention to detail,  A strong sense of and commitment to Team,  Excellent communication skills both written and verbal,  Strong commitment to delivery of quality customer service,  Ability to work on multiple tasks simultaneously and to tight deadlines,  Flexible, pro active and focussed in all aspects of approach to work,  Enthusiastic and motivated individual who enjoys challenges with the ability to take ownership for delivery,  Analytical with a proven ability in troubleshooting and problem solving. Flexibility Projects may arise from time to time that require flexibility around working hours/days. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITControlCoordinator_job****