Title: Bookkeeper/Payroller
Webindex: 69998026
Company: Abraxa Staff
Description: Abraxa are keen to speak with any experienced Book keepers with strong payroll experience for a permanent role in Coventry About our client: Our client is a long established Coventry company with a strong reputation for offering exceptional service to their customers. They operate within the service sector and due to an increased demand have an urgent need to appoint further support to their Finance function. The role : Reporting to the Finance Manager two key areas of focus will be to control the Weekly payroll function and Purchase Ledger activities. In addition you will offer support on other areas within the finance function. Tasks will include: Taking full control of the Purchase ledger function from processing through to payment runs and query resolution Processing the weekly payroll for **** employees including all statutory returns such as SSP, SMP, Calculating any other deductions Assisting on the Monthly payroll where required Support on other such activities as Bank control, sales ledger and various month end activities About you: Essentially you will be an experienced Book keeper/Accounts Assistant with good exposure to dealing with a weekly payroll. It would be advantageous if you can demonstrate indepth experience of dealing with all aspects of the Purchase Ledger such as processing, statement reconciliations and payment runs. Previous experience of using Sage would also be advantageous. Our client only has a small finance team therefore it is vital that you are comfortable working in an environment where you will at times be expected to work under your own supervision. What’s in it for you? Basic Salary of up to **** 20 days holiday  Bank holidays 8.30am  5.00pm working day Free parking Service discounts Our client has committed to interview candidates as soon as possible and is keen to appoint a suitable professional during the next 2 weeks. Please do not delay in applying if interested. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BookkeeperPayroller_job****