Title: Business / Process / Continuous Improvement Manager
Webindex: 68708885
Company: Adalta Recruitment Solutions
Description: Business / Process / Continuous Improvement Manager Our client is a leading high profile organisation in the UK insurance sector. They are currently in the early phases of a multiyear programme of change and transformation, creating very exciting opportunities for Change specialists. As an experienced Business Improvement professional you will have significant LEAN Sigma / Six Sigma experience gained, ideally form within a Financial Services organisation, but essentially covering business improvement initiatives across operations within a commercial function. Any Six Sigma or Lean qualifications will be advantageous, but it is proven practical experience that is essential for this role. Experience across Recoveries, Collections or Claims management would be highly beneficial. You will be responsible for Improvement activities around  strategy, current and target operating models, organisational change relating to people and process. You will have experience in developing and improving business processes and will be a passionate advocate of customer focussed change, understanding service improvement .Culturally, you will need to have excellent interpersonal skills and be able to build rapport quickly at all levels, from shop floor to board. The ideal candidate will have the following: Qualified to degree level or equivalent. Six Sigma / Lean Extensive knowledge of using tools for change, process flows and mapping, A strong understanding of effective Business Process Reengineering and Improvement. A strong communicator with experience of establishing strong working relationships. Ability to relate to and work at all levels of the organisation and to challenge constructively. A high level analytical skills and ability to analyse, interpret and communicate complex written and statistical information and to identify trends in activity. Over 5 years experience in business improvement Experience with mid to largescale organisational change effort. Must be a team player and able to work with and through others. Roe duties are: Analyse and map endtoend business processes reengineer to achieve agreed customer business outcomes using standard methods like **** Sigma Lean Discover address root cause of business issues problems using a fact base Assess business capabilities readiness for change (people side) Deliver small to medium size projects using structured delivery methods e.g. Prince**** Apply structured change management approaches and methods Conduct readiness assessments, evaluate results and present findings in a logical and easytounderstand manner Develop a set of actionable and targeted change plans  including communication plan, sponsor roadmap etc. Be an active and visible coach to change sponsors Create and manage measurement systems to track adoption, utilisation and proficiency of change Work with project teams to integrate change management activities into the overall project plan. Work with multiple business functions to support project implementation This is an immediately recruiting role, please send your CV for more info. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessProcessContinuousImprovementManager_job****