Title: Risk Control Surveyor  Sprinkler
Webindex: 71848266
Company: AXA
Description: Risk Control Surveyor  Sprinkler Background AXA Commercial Lines Personal Intermediary is a unique business in the insurance sector and has been created with the needs of our brokers and customers in mind. With separate Divisions for Commercial and Personal Intermediary, Direct Partnerships, Claims and Underwriting and Bluefin Services, we provide our Brokers and customers with a single integrated service for Insurance solutions and expert advice. AXA are one of the few insurers able to provide specialist risk surveys and we are seeking a highly motivated Risk Control Surveyor to undertake surveys of commercial sprinkler protected property risks across the south of England, predominantly London and the South East. A key aspect of the role will be ensuring the development of our property surveyors knowledge of active fire protection systems that ensures that AXA have resource around the UK to assist with sprinkler system testing and underwriter requests for assistance. Working from home, you will need to live in a location which makes London and the South East accessible to you. The role Provide accurate Sprinkler survey reports to underwriters to enable them to write profitable business in line with strategic and operational plans. Identify necessary Risk Control Requirements and Recommendations in line with company strategy. Fully discuss and, wherever possible, agree these with policyholders. Plan work to ensure surveys are completed and written up in line with agreed service standards and customer requirements. Provide training and support to Property Surveyors involved in sprinkler surveying, underwriters and external customers as necessary and/or required by manager. Check specifications and drawings relating to proposed new sprinkler installations and provide appropriate guidance and approval as appropriate. Deal with external customers fairly and in an impartial manner in line with TCF (treating customers fairly) principles and contribute to AXA becoming the Preferred Company. Skills, knowledge and behaviour Education : A Level or equivalent Knowledge/skills: Knowledge of the underwriting process (preferable). Knowledge of general insurance principles and practice (preferable). Knowledge of Risk Management principles and practice. Detailed knowledge of active fire protection systems. Detailed knowledge of the LPC Sprinkler Rules (incorporating BS EN ****) including associated Technical Bulletins. Good working knowledge of other national and international active fire protection standards (e.g. Factory Mutual) and codes of practice. Ability to apply standards practically to identify and put forward appropriate Risk Control measures. Ability to write concise reports which provide the appropriate information to the underwriter. Excellent communication and negotiation skills. Excellent planning and organisational skills. Customer focussed. IT knowledge to use Laptop and write reports using MS Office applications. Experience : Proven active fire protection assessment expertise. Experience of specifying risk reduction measures/equipment (preferable). This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RiskControlSurveyorSprinkler_job****