Title: Learning Consultant
Webindex: 68100969
Description: A financial services provider based in the heart of Canary Wharf require an interim Learning/Training Consultant for a **** month assignment. The successful candidate will have gained extensive experience of design and delivery of soft skill training programs. The Learning Consultant, consults with business partners to translate business requirements into learning and organisation development strategy. Ensures that learning and organisation development interventions are aligned with the needs of the Business Unit and/or the organisation. Delivers and/or oversees the delivery of a wide range of learning and performance support solutions, likely to be highly visible and complex in nature. Major Duties: Works with management, learning consultants and/or subject matter experts to understand desired business outcomes and translate them into learning and organisation development objectives. Works with stakeholders to determine appropriate learning methodologies and organisation development solutions. Ensures that learning and development interventions are aligned with Business Unit and/or enterprisewide needs. Designs and implements proactive communication plans to ensure that learning and organisation development initiatives are communicated effectively to target populations. Identifies and evaluates applicability of new learning and/or organisation development vehicles, tools or programs developed by other organisations or vendors. Recommends purchase of programs to management, as appropriate. Facilitates/conducts learning and organisation development solutions. Manages ongoing vendor relationships. Evaluates training and organisation development programs for effectiveness and makes recommendations for improvements. Maintains an inventory of training and organisation development programs/tools and schedules their use according to management priorities. Knowledge/ Skills and Experience Required Requires good analytical ability and excellent oral and written communication skills. Strong instructional design and/or organisation development skills. Strong project management, facilitation, decision making and problem solving skills. Executes efficiently and effectively.