Title: INSURANCE BROKER AUDIT ADMINISTRATOR dscj****
Webindex: 67779234
Company: Clark James Insurance And Financial Services Recruitment
Description: nbsp; Clark James Recruitment Ltd are a leading specialist insurance recruiter covering the whole of the UK. We are recognised for fully supporting our candidates with honest and impartial advice. A new and exciting opportunity has arisen within a large national Insurance business who are looking for an Audit Administrator to join their team in the Sevenoaks area. You will be required to provide administrative support to the Head of Broker Audit amp; Risk Validation. Ensuring that pre and post audit requirements including, communications, audit documents and broker responses are actioned in a timely manner Main Responsibilities will be: Liaison with various areas of the business to understand audit requirements Preparation of audit documents including required policy risk details. Confirm contact details with broker and communicate to set audit appointment and confirm scope. Arrange travel and accommodation accordingly. Maintain Broker Audit Timetable spreadsheet. Manage and collate incoming responses / documentation from brokers following audits. Create and maintain a document to record additional premiums generated from audit Maintain a daily diary to ensure timely responses to audit queries raised. Accompany Manager on brokers audits as and when required. Communicate with Product Heads and Senior Executives where required. Adhere to Company processes with regard to FSA/FSC compliance and Treating Customers Fairly Compliance with Company policy and processes relating to the Data Protection Act This is the perfect opportunity for an administrator currently working within a Motor Insurance environment looking to take the next step in their career and become involved in the auditing / compliance side of the industry. This is a fantastic and rare opportunity and the business are looking for the very best available candidate. A competitive salary and an industry leading and comprehensive benefits nbsp;package will be available.