Title: Associate / Senior Associate  Real Estate  London
Webindex: 46849661
Company: Trident
Description: Associate/Senior Associate Our client is a leading fund manager who focusses in a cross section of real estate investments including Direct and Funds Of Funds. The multi fund manager has investments across Europe and the Middle East. Strategically they are focussing on real estate fund of funds in the coming cycle. The Role:Underwriting assumptions through an integrated review of market data, financial reports and legal documents.Analysing investments using DCF, comparable property analysis, replacement cost analysis and precedent transaction analysis.Conducting pre and postoffer due diligence. Responsible for preparing and presenting investment proposals to team and Investment CommitteePreparing documentation of investment analysis including investment memoranda and PowerPoint presentations.Preparing market research on general private real estate investments.Interacting with prospective sellers of secondary/alternative market interests.Assisting with aspects of marketing process when Company raises new investment funds. It would be advantages if you have had exposure to the real estate fund of funds space alternatively you will be experienced in alternative investment/direct real estate. The chosen candidate will have a strong academic background with experience covering the European market place. You will be an excellent modeller with the ability to work by yourself. This is an exciting opportunity to join a leading fund manager who are acquisitive in the current market. OUR SPECIALISM Based in Mayfair in London, Trident are a specialist, boutique real estate recruitment consultancy who identify talent in property, finance and accounting. As a market leader we offer innovative, flexible and tailor made holistic solutions to the global real estate markets. OUR APPROACH Established for 25 years and with over 75 years of experience at partner level, we are a consultancy with the breadth and depth of knowledge of the various trends facing the property industry, so essential in the light of continuing changes in global real estate, private equity and fund management. We believe in working in the capacity of partner with both candidates and clients alike, working in synergy with them and growing organically, acting with ethical integrity every step of the way. A proven consultancy, driven by the changing market, who can add real value, both vertically and strategically and who are able to make a real difference by identifying real talent. We can offer both global and local market expertise and successful solutions for unique, complex and difficult recruitment remits. Our team of experienced consultants can not only help identify your next career move and challenge but also offer objective consulting opinion and guidance on interviewing, market trends and salary benchmarking. CONTACT US If you are looking for a new job or a career change within the real estate sector  Trident are always keen to hear from quality candidates, both from the property industry and other sector disciplines, ready to rise to a new career challenge. Our service to candidates is based on professionalism, a dedication to understanding your career needs and total confidentiality and discretion.