Title: Commercial Account Executive / Broker
Webindex: 72115477
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: The Company Our client are a respected independent broker, that has built up an enviable reputation in the local market over the last 30 years. They have built their business on the principle of providing a complete insurance and risk management solution to their commercial clients coupled with a honest approach to the building of long term relationships. The Role You will be responsible for managing and growing a book of commercial business currently worth circa **** fee income. This will include regularly meeting with the existing clients to develop and maintain the relationship while also spotting and making the most of opportunities to grow the book through organic growth, cross selling and new business acquisition. You will be responsible for managing all aspects of the book, including any broking, amendments and claims management required. You will also benefit from the support of a back office team for administrative purposes. The Benefits Salary of up to **** plus excellent company benefits including. For the right person, this is an excellent chance to progress your career. The Person For your application to be considered, you must have a proven background within commercial broking as a Commercial Broker / Account Handler and ideally have a track record of dealing with clients facetoface. For more information, please contact Richard Martin for a confidential discussion on **** or Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful