Title: Utility Admin Assistant
Webindex: 69591182
Company: The Co operative Group
Description: Are you an experienced Administrator looking for the next challenge in your career?  Checking and authorising utility invoices, accurately capturing complete data in the energy database.  Fully resolving queries with the energy supply companies, for the Cooperative Group and members of the buying consortium.  Be part of an organisation that is growing and growing  The largest consumer cooperative in the world. The Cooperative Group is a unique organisation with a diverse range of business interests including Food, Bank, Funeralcare and Healthcare. We also have a large Estates department that is vital to the success of our business. As well as a portfolio of over **** retail sites and a large range of investment developments, Estates is responsible for the facilities management, energy management and operational risk requirements of all our premises.In this role you’ll assist the Energy Operations Manager in validating work before sending out payment files to the businesses and payment runs. You’ll be responsible for validating bills in both the database and in hard copy format. You’ll operate the invoice validation systems to agreed validation procedures allowing the checking of variable prices and consumption volumes – using first principles. You’ll assist with the management of contract addition and deletion and you’ll execute payment runs to ensure payments are made according to supplier terms preventing the threat of disconnections and loss of trading at sites. You’ll be the day to day contact for both Internal and external customers. Dealing with queries, attending meetings and conference calls. In order to be successful you’ll need…  Proficient Excel User (Pivot Tables and Vlookups)  Well developed communication skills  Attention to detail to ensure a high level of accuracy  Flexible but organised approach to workload  Able to work both as part of a team and on own initiative to meet agreed deadlines. If you think you have what it takes to be our Utility Admin Assistant we can offer you a great benefits package including pension, development and discounts across our group of businesses. We are passionate about equal opportunities and welcome a broad diversity of talent to apply. ‘The Cooperative Group reserves the right to cease any advertising prior to the published closing date for a role that receives a high number of applications’ This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UtilityAdminAssistant_job****