Title: Head of Risk Management  Corporate Risk
Webindex: 69537236
Company: Eurobase People
Description: Head of Risk Management Corporate Risk A leading Financial Services organisation based in the East Midlands or London is currently looking for a Head of Risk Management to take on responsibility for delivering the credit risk agenda for the corporate segment of the commercial payments business area. This will include the day to day portfolio management as well as handling often complex credit risk issues. If you have a strong background in Credit Risk and/or Wholesale Risk we d be keen to hear from you. Head of Risk Management Corporate Risk responsibilities: Continually to develop, refine and drive commercial payments medium and larger business portfolio risk management strategy and its constituent initiatives. Definition and delivery of supporting policy, implementation plans and business cases underpinning the Strategy and its deployment. Close liaison with other business areas to ensure risk policies Working closely with the Wholesale Underwriting Team to understand risk issues, assist in mitigation and improve our defences. Building and maintenance of good working relationships with other risk teams across the Credit Risk Office and Corporate Bank. Lead the development, implementation and ongoing management of specific risk and lending policies, e.g. limit increase criteria Development, implementation and ongoing management of portfolio quality and risk performance monitoring and reporting via our analytical team. Provision of risk/value management input and support to the wider commercial payments team, e.g. prospect selection, prescoring, development of product enhancements, etc. Responsible for ensuring risk/lending policies are maintained and managed in accordance with all governance, audit and regulatory requirements. As part of the key management the individual will be part of the senior leadership team and will have to potentially manage stakeholders in both the US Build and maintain strong links with Commercial banking risk teams to ensure consistency of approach and drive improved customer experience. Risk Management / Credit Risk / Wholesale Risk / Corporate Risk / Commercial / Banking / Financial Services / Payments / Portfolio Management / Policy / Strategy / Lending / Leadership / Stakeholder Management ****  ****  London Weighting, Car, Bonus, Pension, Life Assurance, Healthcare, Flexible benefits and more Eurobase People are acting as a Recruitment Agency