Title: Senior Health Economist  Buckinghamshire
Webindex: 70101019
Company: Paramount Recruitment
Description: Senior Health Economist  Buckinghamshire  Consultancy Experienced Health Economics professional wanted to join a global and dynamic Healthcare Market Access Consultancy based in Buckinghamshire as a Senior Health Economist. This international and innovative consultancy provides evidence based Market Access solutions to the pharmaceutical, medical devices and diagnostic industries, the independent sector, European state healthcare providers and academia in order to resolve Pricing & Reimbursement and technical challenges. As the Senior Health Economist you will be part of an expanding HEOR team working closely with other high calibre health economists and a variety of healthcare professionals. Key Responsibilities: •Create, evaluate and provide strategic advice relating to health economics and outcomes research studies •Health Technology Assessments (HTA’s) •Train and develop more junior team members •Contribute to HEOR standard operating procedures The role will require you to possess a degree in Health Economics, Public Health, Health Services Research, Statistics or another related discipline (a Postgraduate degree would be desirable), you must have a minimum of 2 years applied Health Economics experience and previous exposure to systematic reviews, outcomes research (metaanalysis), health economic models (cost effectiveness and budget impact) and HTA’s in essential for the role. You should be an enthusiastic and motivated team player with excellent written and verbal communication skills, problem solving skills and exceptional attention to detail. This is a fantastic opportunity within a growing organisation offering competitive salaries dependant on experience and excellent benefits including a pension scheme, a generous holiday entitlement, private medical cover, a bonus scheme, sabbatical leave, sickness benefits, childcare vouchers and personal development plans to suit individual needs. Key Words – HEOR, Health Economist, Senior, Health Economy, Health Economics, Outcomes Research, Modelling, Systematic Review, Cost Effectiveness, HTA, Statistics, Econometric, Consultancy, Healthcare, Pharmaceutical, Buckinghamshire, UK, EU, Europe For further information on the role or company please contact myself, Amie Adams at Paramount Recruitment on [blocked]. Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities.