Title: Personal Injury Claims Handler
Webindex: 68675300
Company: Gerrard White
Description: Personal Injury Claims Handler  Motor Insurance Location  Essex Salary   ****  **** based on experience Leading motor insurance company with a strong presence in the UK motor insurance market who specialise is niche motor insurance cover with their strong market knowledge and experience; they are able to create highly targeted products for the whole motor insurance industry. Due to their continued growth and success, they are currently seeking a Motor Insurance Personal Injury Claims Handler to join their team in Kent to pro actively and effectively handle Motor Insurance Personal Injury Claims. Key deliverables of a Motor Insurance Personal Injury Claims Handler:  Negotiate settlement of claims to the best commercial outcome.  Control leakage.  Maintain accurate reserves on claims at all times in line with policy and procedures.  Manage a challenging workload to meet productivity and quality standards and to contribute to the delivery of team targets.  Proactively manage personal training and development requirements and support others` personal development as appropriate.  Follow applicable processes, policies and procedures.  Be proactive and creative in your approach to every aspect of your role  Provide guidance and support to others in the team to maximise team effectiveness.  Identify and make recommendations on relevant process changes to ensure continuous improvement.  Identify and refer market trends and behaviours to ensure continuous improvement.  Ensure fraudulent claims are identified and appropriately referred  Ensure potential large loss claims are identified and appropriately referred Key Skills:  Ability to proactively investigate and assess liability with reference to evidence and relevant case law.  Ability to value PSLA damages with reference to case law/JSB guidelines  A working understanding of the MOJ claims handling process  Knowledge of the CPR and litigation procedures.  Awareness of motor Fraud indicators  Awareness of risk factors for large loss/ catastrophic claims.  Confidence in the evaluation and negotiation of Special Damages, to include Loss of Earnings, treatment and care claims within handling authority.  Understanding of RTA / Article **** liability  Knowledge of differences in claims process between jurisdictions.  A working understanding of the CRU Benefits system including the appeal process.  Working knowledge of claims validation and recoveries procedure.   Ideally candidates will be able to demonstrate a working knowledge and experience gained within a similar environment as a Motor Insurance Personal Injury Claims Handler This is an exciting opportunity to be part of an entrepreneurial insurance company with excellent and opportunities for personal and long term career development. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PersonalInjuryClaimsHandler_job****