Title: Financial Controller / Analyst  R D
Webindex: 72688899
Company: Dialog Semiconductor
Description: Financial Controller R D / Financial Analysis Location: Swindon Financial Controller R D: Financial control, MI, Business Intelligence, financial analytics, R D, Research Development, Engineering, Semiconductor, Telecoms, Electronics With its unique focus and expertise in system power management, Dialog Semiconductor brings decades of experience to the rapid development of energyefficient, highly integrated, mixedsignal integrated circuits, optimized for personal mobile and automotive applications. We provide flexible and dynamic support and worldclass innovation, and offer our clients the reassurance of dealing with a globallyestablished business partner. Dialog Semiconductor are looking for a Financial Analyst / Controller with R D financials experience to join our global finance function. Based in our UK HQ in Swindon, you will work remotely with the Finance Team based in Germany and our global R D function to provide financial control, forecasting analysis services. You will take the lead in guarding the financial success of newly developed products and control the total product development cost, and will contribute to decision making through accurate, timely and value add financial analysis. Responsibilities will include:  Review and improve the accuracy of the accounting for R D capitalisation and amortisation  Create and implement a new Dialog Financial Product Business Case template  Cooperate in new Dialog Product Development Process definition  Monitor and advise the R D management team at project phase reviews on financial aspects  Budgeting, forecasting and financial control of R D spend  Support decision making through financial analysis and insight As the successful candidate you will have previous experience in a financial analytics or financial control position, with advisory responsibility at senior management team level, and within an R D context, be it in semiconductor, telecoms, engineering, etc. You will prior experience of working within a global context, and will preferably be educated to masters level or equivalent. Advanced ERP SAP skills would be an advantage. In return we can offer an excellent salary and benefits and the opportunity to work with a forward thinking company within cutting edge technologies. Working as a Financial Controller with Dialog you ll find yourself in a truly international environment where your skills and experience are recognised, rewarded and challenged on a daily basis, as well as have access to a variety of internal and external training opportunities to help you develop your career and reach your full potential. In addition we are committed to supporting the health and wellbeing of our employees, offering the chance to participate in pension and medical plans (where local culture and practice supports this) and a selection of wellbeing initiatives across a number of our locations (e.g. flu vaccination programme and a cycle to work scheme). Financial Controller R D: Financial control, MI, Business Intelligence, financial analytics, R D, Research Development, Engineering, Semiconductor, Telecoms, Electronics