Title: Customer Service Advisors – Outbound
Webindex: 70773409
Company: Norton Finance Group of Companies
Description: If you are looking for, or already have, high expectations this is the job for you. Focus on Customer Service, offering clients’ the range of services provided by the Norton Finance Group of Companies, from Mortgages, Loans and Debt management plans. When you join us as a Customer Service Advisor you’ll be joining a family run business with exceptional high standards, taking pride in offering clients a focused and professional service. You will be required to enhance our working relationship with the clients’ by helping them to find the right service we are able to offer and assist in the completion of business, selecting from any of the services we are able to provide. The Role: You’ll be the initial point of contact for customers which will therefore involve a high level of professional Customer Service and skill, discussing a range of options available with the customer. You will be required to build relationships and provide information about our services, assisting with their current needs. In return we offer an excellent training programme to enhance your skills in achieving your individual objectives. Hours of work : We are currently recruiting fulltime roles working 37.5 hours per week. Parttime roles working 20 hours per week, Evenings and weekends. We operate a rotational shift system between the hours of 9.00am – 9.00pm, Monday to Sunday. Salary: We offer one of the most competitive package’s in the area with a monthly incentive bonus based on performance, with additional incentives within the Department. 22 days holiday, with the benefit of an additional day for every full year of service to a maximum of 30 days. Plus statutory Bank Holidays. Pension provision subject to length of service. In return we are looking for: Excellent Customer Service, Sales ability, Strong assertive skills, Target driven, Team work in conjunction with utilising your own initiative. A flexible approach to working procedures and disciplines are required as you will be working within a regulated environment, a high level of grammar, numeracy and computer literacy is required to succeed in this area of the business. Contact: Julie France, Group Human Resource Manager Email:hrnortonfinance.com