Title: SALES SERVICE MANAGER
Webindex: 68544939
Company: Clear Recruitment Limited
Description: SALES SERVICE MANAGER HAMPSHIRE ****  EXCELLENT BENEFITS PACKAGE We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Sales and Service Manager for a leading insurance client. The main purpose of this role is to lead, motivate and engage the Assigned Private Clients (APC) team and also manage the Sales and Service delivery for APC clients, deliver agreed key performance targets and best in class service delivery. The successful candidate will drive the sales culture across APC creating best practice sales process and delivery, ensuring client propositions remain fit for purpose delivering outstanding value to our client s prospects. As a Sales and Service Manager your key responsibilities will include: Day to day operational management. Customer Service  to ensure the team delivers the highest standards of customer service at all stages of the client relationship. Regulatory management  manage the preparation, issue and retention of all client information and documentation, both paper and computer based, within the bounds of best practice while ensuring that the Company retails regulatory compliance. Product Management  to determine product mix in Private Client s product portfolio to maximise growth and stability. Develop new products within the Private Client Division and bring them to market. Manage complaint handling directly or through designated complaint handlers. As a Sales and Service Manager your key skills and experience will include: Knowledge of Private Client Broking. Highly analytical and numerate, aligned with the ability to understand and influence the key dynamics of a Business Unit. An understanding of Contract Centre dynamics, including demand planning, forecasting and scheduling. Knowledge and experience of the General Insurance Regulatory environment and how this transfers into Business Unit operations. Experience of quality sales and customer service operations, operating with strong brands. Preferably, knowledge of General Insurance IT systems. Qualifications  ideally Certificate in Insurance (Cert CII); Diploma in Insurance (Dip CII); Advanced Diploma in Insurance (ACII) To apply: Please forward your cv along with a covering letter highlighting why you feel you are suitable. Please note, you must have insurance industry experience.