Title: UK Benefits Accountant
Webindex: 69555935
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: Immediate start available for an Interim Pensions Accountant whilst the role is appointed for, on a permanent basis. This global organisation offers a superb opportunity to join its inhouse pensions and benefits team and for the right individual the potential to apply on a permanent basis also. You will be responsible for managing the relationship with third party providers, to ensure proper control of the day to day accounting for the UK Pensions Plans, ensuring their financial integrity, and timely production of annual reports and accounts. In addition to this you will have the opportunity to take ownership of some of the corporate reporting. Opportunity to become involved in the Annual Costing Cycle for all required UK DB and DC Plans as well as reporting on department overheads. Project management and planning skills will be essential to coordinate consolidation of figures, the audit process through to production of final reports. With experience of accounts production, ideally within the pensions industry, and focus on financial control, a professional accounting qualification would be preferred. The ideal candidate will be an enthusiastic and highly driven person able to communicate to large amounts of people and build effective working relationships internally and externally. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. We regret that as a recruitment consultancy we are not able to seek visas for applicants not holding current entitlement to work in the UK.The Sammons Group is an Employment Business and Employment Agency as defined by the EAA Regulations **** nd we abide by the Code of Practice of our industry body (the Recruitment Employment Confederation  REC). We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent.This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct.