Title: Account Executive  Financial Services
Webindex: 67895849
Company: Huntress Group
Description: Title: Account Executive Salary: ****  **** (depending on experience) Company: Our client is a financial services organisation based in Leeds City Centre. Role overview: This role is working as part of a team of 7 who are collectively responsible for looking after the companies **** major clients, ensuring their needs are met and they receive an excellent service. The primary objective of the Account Executive is to support the Account Managers in the every day management of client accounts. Duties will include: Handling calls from clients Building rapport with client contacts Dealing with client issues, providing an interface between the client and the internal business units until resolution Working closely with the Client Manager to manage a portfolio of accounts from take on and implementation through to ongoing relationship management Working closely with the Client Manager, Product Manager and multiple internal teams to support the successful delivery of new clients Managing the process of internal system upgrades and small client led upgrades/implementations Measuring client satisfaction through survey and structured client feedback Liaising with and influencing internal departments to ensure clients needs are met Working with the Business Analyst s in order to maintain all client requirements Ensuring clients receive regular / timely communication Managing the invoicing and billing processes for all clients Producing client reports when required, collating MI Support training requirements for system upgrades and changes General support to the team as requiredWho are we looking for? The right person for this role will be an experienced Account Executive ideally with financial services experience / experience of working in a technical environment. You will have excellent, proven customer service skills and a professional approach. You must possess strong communication, time management and negotiation skills. An analytical mind is required for this role as you will be analysing data and producing reports. Hours of work: The hours of work are Monday  Friday, 8.30am  5pm. Location: Our client is based in Leeds city centre in beautiful modern offices. Benefits: The company offers an excellent benefits package. Huntress Group does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to this role