Title: Senior Risk Strategy Manager, Customer Acquisition
Webindex: 68212300
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Senior Risk Strategy Manager, Customer Acquisition Location: Edinburgh Salary: **** bonus  benefits Role Description To design and implement credit management strategies that will enable the Bank to control lending risk, deliver sustainable growth and meet customer needs. The Senior Manager will  Be responsible for the credit quality of new business in line with the agreed risk appetite  Develop of credit policies to ensure acceptance rates are maximised in line with business targets whilst ensuring that bad debts are controlled within budget.  Work closely with Marketing and Finance to develop customer lifetime value models for the business which show the full value added of the business.  Undertake regular analysis to ensure that levels of automated credit decisioning are optimised and in full accordance with regulatory requirements. Act as a customer to the Decision Science team to ensure that effective acquisition scorecards are built and perform in line with expectations  Develop risk based pricing models in consultation with Finance, continually reviewing assumptions made in profit model development.  Direct and assist the credit analysts in the development and implementation of new strategies, development of test plans and ensure all strategies have been successfully and accurately implemented.  Ensure application score cutoffs and limit assignment strategies are consistent with the business objectives and consider customer affordability.  Production of detailed, accurate management information as an input to the credit management review and oversight process. The Senior Manager will have:  A good numerate Degree ****:**** or above with solid A Levels or Highers.  Strong leadership acumen including proven successful portfolio management experience  Proven team leadership skills and the ability to virtually or matrix manage larger teams of professional analytical employees.  A broad and deep experience in credit risk issues, techniques and frameworks is required, as is experience in profitability modelling and a range of analysis techniques such as forecasting, segmentation, and statistical models.  Good SAS knowledge. Please send your CV to infoaspiredata.co.uk or call us on **** **** ****