Title: Customer Service Officer  Scarborough  Full Time
Webindex: 65058913
Company: RBS
Description: At RBS, the vision for UK Retail is to become Britain s most helpful and sustainable bank. Our people are key in helping us achieve this, which is why we place a high priority in recruiting the very best people with the right skills, experience and behaviours. Based in a branch, you ll the first point of contact for customers, helping them find the products and services which are right for them, as well as maintaining good relationships to encourage future sales. Each week, we ll expect you to generate a minimum number of sales leads, book a set number of appointments and handle a quota of customer queries. It s also vital that you follow closely all our legal compliance procedures and you must also adhere to the RBS values, in interaction with both customers and colleagues. You ll meet and greet customers in your branch, dealing with their queries and concerns and providing the help they need. You will either offer the appropriate product or service yourself, or introduce the customer to a colleague who ll be able to advise them further. With a view to both generating sales leads and ensuring worldclass customer service, you ll also contact customers to discuss their precise needs and arrange appointments, while also liaising with colleagues and business partners for assistance when you need it. Essentially, you will: Be the first point of contact for customers in the branch Pursue potential sales leads Update both customer files and your diary after each action Action postal/fax/email correspondence where necessary Prepare batches of work for processing offsite Your Reward Your Reward includes much more than your salary; it s all the financial rewards you get in return for working for the Group. You can choose how Your Reward is delivered by tailoring your pay and benefits to suit you. 25% benefit funding which you can choose to take as cash or spend on benefits, such as retirement savings ontarget incentive payment of **** Generous holiday allocation of 33 days per year, made up of 25 days plus **** bank holidays (pro rata for hours worked) The Group offers a variety of employee share plans. Taking part in the share plans is an easy way to invest with potentially taxfree benefits. In addition, participating in the Group s share plans may enable your team to benefit from any long term future success of the Group. All employees have access to a great range of discounted financial service products including mortgages, loans, savings and insurance products in addition to discounts on other products and services from a number of well known retailers and manufacturers.