Title: Pensions Administration Manager
Webindex: 71352930
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: Are you looking for a change and a move to Sunnier climes? Fancy working for a pensions specialist based in the Mediterranean? If so, we have an opportunity for a Pensions Administration Manager who will be an integral part of the management team that will drive excellent and improve standards. You will ensure that timely reporting to relevant regulatory and tax authorities in both Malta and UK and sign off investment purchases in line with company guidelines. Take on responsibility for the Operational and Procedural manuals, ensuring that working practices adhere to regulatory guidelines. Lead the development of the CRM platform and take an active role in team leadership, you will monitor absence and productivity, manage individual performance levels, set performance review meetings and create training and motivational exercises to improve all aspects of the service provided to clients and members. You will have demonstrable management experience in pensions administration or an Operational environment along with experience of process analysis and a proven track record and experience managing operational workflow and supporting the implementation of change. We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.