Title: Financial Controller  Essex  ****  benefits  bonus
Webindex: 69991962
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: Financial Controller  Brentwood, Essex  ****  Benefits  Bonus. The Ashdown Group has been engaged by a global organisation, to assist in their search for a head office Financial Controller. The successful candidate will join the international finance function, based in Brentwood and report into the UK Shared Service Director. Working as part of a team, you will be responsible for a range of activities within the head office accounting function as it goes through a rapid period of change. It is essential that you have experience of working in a finance department, and be familiar with UK GAP and IFRS. In addition, you must have strong experience of setting up and maintaining banking platforms. You will be expected to manage the systems transfer from SUN/Excel to Peoplesoft for the head office units, including the set up, data migration and testing. With this in mind, it is highly desirable that you have experience in these accounting packages. IBM Cognos Controller is definitely an advantage. You will be responsible for the accounting for the UK head office companies, which include holding and management companies. The Financial Controller will be accountable for the monthly review of performance, monitoring of forecast and investigating unusual trends with management across the group. Duties will also involve managing the accounting team, and liaising with the group's outsourced provider  this will include preparing VAT returns for head office entities. Preparing and reviewing UK statutory accounts for relevant units and liaison with auditors is also part of the role. Ongoing liaison with Tax, Treasury and Group Finance in relation to the UK head office companies, including foreign exchange accounting and intercompany reconciliation, is also expected from the Financial Controller. To be considered for this role, you MUST be a qualified ACA or ACCA, with experience in a similar reporting environment. The right candidate will have excellent communication skills both written and verbal, with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail. This is an exciting opportunity to join a global organisation which values each employee's contribution. In return, they provide a competitive salary, plus benefits and a generous bonus. To apply for this role, please send through a WORD copy of your CV quoting reference ASH****SG in the subject line of your email. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialControllerEssex****benefitsbonus_job****