Title: Insurance Product Development Executive
Webindex: 68697339
Company: Parkside Recruitment   Staines
Description: Our Client based in Kingston, Surrey is a very Successful Niche organisation within the Insurance Industry, there a Medium sized organisation and are currently recruiting for an Insurance Product Development Executive. The salary on offer is between 25k  ****k plus 12% Salary Increase/Pension after probation, Private Medical, 25 Days Holiday. Mon  Fri, **** Overview To manage the pricing and benefit review process of our existing product range and project management of new product development. To review, monitor and manage third party 'added value services'. Collate and analyse marketing information to recommend changes and improvements to overall product proposition. Lead and manage delivery of operational and strategic projects where appropriate. This role has numerous and varied responsibilities so unable to include all in the advert. So if interested, please apply for a full job description and further information. However these are some of the main experiences and skills where looking for: Compliance experience Policy Wording experience, ideally related to Insurance or Financial Service Products. Medical Insurance would be ideal Exposure to Product and Product Development ideally Insurance or Financial Service Products Experience Analysing data and information and making recommendation's from this Compliance, Policy Wording, Product and Product Development experience are the main aspects where looking for and Experience in the Insurance or Financial Services Industry The experiences and skills below are not essential but would be helpful: Experience of project management and/or product line responsibility Minimum of 4 years marketing communications experience Experience of digital marketing campaigns and analysis Experience of business to business prospect development, segmentation and account management Comfortable preparing and producing marketing proposals and sales documents using a variety of software (Power point, Word, Excel) PLEASE NOTE: You do not have to have all of the experience and skills listed above, where looking for candidates with exposure to some of the first factors and the rest can be trained. Key Responsibility Areas include:, please apply for a full job description Product management New product development Compliance/Regulation Management Information and Market Research Partnership Marketing and Account Management Project Management Contact Database Management Training and Competence Member Services Support Parkside Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Parkside Recruitment is an Equal Opportunities Employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InsuranceProductDevelopmentExecutive_job****