Title: Strategic Sales Manager (Digital Banking)
Webindex: 62011296
Company: MBN Recruitment
Description: My client, a top financial services company, is looking for a senior candidate to form and implement the sales strategy for their digital products. Reporting directly to the Head of Digital Sales and Products, the core purpose of this role will be to deliver against sales targets for Digital Banking and run the annual target setting and forecasting process. The role holder will be accountable for ensuring timely creation and sign off of sales forecasts and management of the reporting process to ensure an accurate view of progress to plan. Responsibilities include: Lead delivery of Retail and Commercial Digital sales. Deliver sales targets both units and monetary. Accountable for planning and forecasting future sales performance for Retail and Commercial digital sales across all product sets. Develop sales capability across Retail and Commercial Product sets including sales processes, webchat, pipeline chasing, etc. Ensure that Internet banking sales processes are best in class and drive long term competitive advantage. Develop understanding of product profitability levers and produce plans to improve the online product proposition e.g. balance building and retention activities. Lead, manage and develop a direct team of **** including two Product Relationship Managers and 1 MI and Reporting Assistant Manager and a wider group of stakeholders of all levels of seniority across organisation to set sales forecasts and manage progress. Designing and managing in depth analysis of daily performance, site usage and related customer and market trends for Internet Banking. Interpretation of sales results and presentation to key stakeholders of progress against plan. Creation and development of sales database and reporting suites. Creation and development of sales reporting models and databases. Ad hoc creation of spreadsheet and reports for the Head of Sales and Product as required. Implementation of daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual reporting of sales target versus actual. Creation of plans and activities to drive short term sales performance using test and learn tactics. Key Capabilities, Knowledge Areas Personal Attributes Excellent and proven management skills Proven ability to execute a sales strategy for Retail and Commercial channels Knowledge of internet and/or mobile banking Knowledge of key financial banking products Excellent interpersonal skills Clear analytic thinking and communication Solid stakeholder and relationship management skills The role is an excellent opportunity for an existing high performance individual to add a digital skill set to their capabilities. Digital experience is not essential but the ability to manage a small team and develop rigorous sales targets including excellent analytical skills are.