Title: Internal Audit Assistant Manager  FTSE 100
Webindex: 68622391
Company: GA Global
Description: Our FTSE 100 globally renowned blue chip client require an Internal Audit Assistant Manager to join their large Internal Audit team based in Berkshire. The position will require approximately 50% European travel and will involve a combination of financial, operational and internal control review work. You will plan and carry out risk driven audit assignments on a functional or area basis ensuring that clear objectives and scope are agreed prior to commencement of the audit. You will then be involved in pre and post implementation reviews for new system developments, and in the review and follow up of computer security matters. Discussing audit findings with responsible management focusing particularly on areas of business risk, control weakness and operational efficiency enhancements making suitable recommendations. The successful candidate will be a professionally qualified accountant (ideally from a Big 4 background), internal auditor or audit professional with 1  3 years post qualification experience with preferably audit experience in a large company environment. Possessing a good understanding of risk management and internal control and a welldeveloped financial/commercial awareness. A highly motivated self starter and team player who can demonstrate strong analytical, communication and organisation skills, confident in presenting ideas to senior management. Computer literate and a good grasp of one or more languages would be beneficial. The role will involve a wide variety of projects with exposure to all functional areas in the business including financial, IT and operational control reviews and ad hoc assignments. This will ensure excellent exposure to a wide range of the organisation’s activities and processes and provide an excellent opportunity for future progression within the group. If you possess the required skills and experience and desire to rapidly progress your career within a blue chip multinational company please do apply with your CV details.