Title: Pensions Consultant  Temp to Perm or Perm
Webindex: 71109834
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: We are looking for a knowledgeable Pensions Consultant to join a friendly team and make an immediate impact to the business. This exciting role will require the Pensions Consultant to manage the relationship with key clients and provide a consultation service of exceptional levels. Looking after Final Salary/Money Purchase you will advise Trustees/Employers of their requirements and hold Trustee meetings. You will attend meetings with senior people and consult on their pensions options and ensure that they receive the best possible advice. Confident, knowledgeable and hard working you will be able to easily build and develop relationships with key clients and provide the service they expect from a Senior Pensions Consultant. Previous working knowledge of Final Salary schemes is essential and professional qualifications such as PMI is also preferred. Possessing excellent presentation skills you will have an excellent working knowledge of Occupational Pensions and ideally come from a consultancy or third party background, experience within new business would also be advantageous. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. The Sammons Group is an Employment Business and Employment Agency as defined by the EAA Regulations **** and we abide by the Code of Practice of our industry body (the Recruitment Employment Confederation  REC). We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent.