Title: Credit Controller French speaking ****k Cambridge Excel Office
Webindex: 68689960
Company: Your Hired
Description: French speaking Credit Controller Finance | Cambridge, United Kingdom My Client has had a position arise in their Sales Ledger Department for a French speaking Credit Controller. You will assist the credit control team to maintain the overdue accounts at an acceptable level. This will involve contacting customers via email, telephone and letter to secure payment of overdue accounts. You will assist the Sales Ledger Supervisor by taking responsibility for allocated items (invoices, credits and payments) over 67 days old and any queries which may arise from this debt. A flexible approach is necessary, as you may be required to cover for absences; both scheduled and unscheduled. You will have previous credit control experience, excellent communication and negotiation skills, together with the ability to work to tight deadlines. It is essential that you have an intermediate level of Excel and be skilled in the use of other MS Office applications. You must also have excellent written and spoken French and English and any other European languages, particularly German, would be beneficial. This is an excellent opportunity for a Credit Controller looking to gain experience of trade credit control in a friendly and dynamic environment. Company culture is one that empowers individuals, with responsibility given at an early stage. We place great emphasis on knowledge and experience. The working environment is fun and fastpaced, with everybody working together as a team to deliver great service and the best products to our customers. In addition to competitive salaries we can offer an attractive flexible benefits package which includes a profitshare scheme. For more info please email CV. We acting as an employment agency in relation to this role and accept CV’s from all age groups and backgrounds. Unfortunately d ue to the volume of applications we receive, we are often only able to contact successful applications. We will however keep your CV on file in order to consider you for relevant opportunities. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CreditControllerFrenchspeaking****kCambridgeExcelOffice_job****