Title: Graduate Accountant
Webindex: 70343426
Company: Vitae Financial Recruitment
Description: Our Client, a large and thriving market leader, is looking for an enthusiastic finance graduate to join their fastpaced and dynamic team. The role will be vital in supporting the finance department and will report directly into the Senior Accounting team. Key duties include: • Assisting with the production of month end results • Completing a number of periodical reports and analytical reviews for sales and utilities • Ensuring the nominal ledger of responsibility are reconciled on a regular basis • Supporting finance managers with preparation of budgets and forecasting • Assisting in the provision of financial analysis and reports to management • Adhoc commercial analysis as required • Accurate and timely creation of Projects in Finance Systems • Accurate and timely billing to customers • Basic understanding of the companies’ revenue recognition polices • Running revenue recognition routine at month end • Closing Projects in the Finance Systems in a timely manner • Filing of Contractual and Finance Documents in accordance with company policy The successful individual will have a relevant degree from a top university and have obtained a ****:**** classification or higher. You MUST have studied a degree with a year placement and therefore have at least 10 months experience within a finance team, in practice or in industry. Excellent academics are advantageous, as this demonstrates a good work ethic and ambition. You will be looking to further your career through ACCA/CIMA qualifications. The right candidate will be communicative and have great interpersonal skills. You must be able to work well within a team and be excellently organised. Drive and ambition are also key, as the client will look for someone who can show their ability clearly and work their way up within the organisation. This is an exciting opportunity for a bright individual to add real value to an entity that offers future potential for growth and stability. This is an organisation that rewards its employees and recognises hardwork and high achievers. AGY  Vitae Financial Recruitment We Exist To Be Different  Membership NOT Registration