Title: Reconciliations Analyst
Webindex: 69214026
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: A leading Financial Services Institution is currently seeking a qualified/partqualified accountant to join their Finance function. This is a unique opportunity to establish and develop your skills and career at a company with a nationwide presence and an entrepreneurial, fresh approach to retail banking. You will be supporting the Controls Manager with controls and infrastructure tasks. These will include the balance sheet reconciliation process and are sufficient to support a SOX compliant framework, and assisting with reporting teams infrastructure development projects. Key responsibilities include:  Owning the balance sheet reconciliation process  Develop and maintain positive working relationship with senior stakeholders across the business  Assisting with financial accounting and reporting process improvement projects  Providing control oversight to the financial accounting and reporting team  Project planning and scoping The ideal candidate will be Qualified or PartQualified Accountant with a consistent record of strong academic achievement. You will need to be able to confidently interact with senior management across the business and will have a good working understanding of a SOX compliant control framework. Strong IT skills and advanced Excel are required. The successful candidate will demonstrate the drive, ambition and analytical ability to make a positive impact on the business. Reconciliations Analyst  ****  ****  Bonus  Benefits Gloucester, South West We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive, if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting [contact details removed] Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against any individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.