Title: Product Development Assistant (Home insurance) Superb Package
Webindex: 68681195
Company: Birchfield Recruitment
Description: Basic to **** Plus Bonus (10% of basic in 2011) Flexible Benefits package Pension Our client, a major high street bank are seeking a product assistant to join their development team within their general insurance division. The role will provide a great opportunity to join a dynamic Product Development team who support one of the largest General Insurance Projects within the banks portfolio. You'll support the delivery of one of the General Insurance Group Strategic Initiative Projects by proactively working across the group’s insurance business, developing close working relationships to initiate, manage and coordinate parts of the project. You'll work with each area to ensure knowledge sharing and buy in is achieved throughout the development process. Building strong working relationships with key customers both internally and externally and raising the profile of the project and benefits of delivery is a key component. Key accountabilities Strong commercial awareness with a full understanding of the General Insurance market gained form previous development work within the GI field. Strong numerical and analytical skills, with the ability to interpret management and market information with the capability to develop business models. Strong technical general insurance product knowledge. Excellent communication skills, written and verbal, with proven ability to influence and negotiate at senior levels. Strong planning, organisation and prioritisation skills with the ability to manage multiple projects and work to deadlines. Experience in working as part of major project management initiatives, with experience in presenting to senior management. Attention to detail, thoroughness and accuracy. Ability to analyse and understand key market trends via secondary/desk research. Ability to brief and work effectively with key stakeholders. Experience of developing robust business cases. Based in Leeds there may be some travel with this role, you will be expected to work within a team as well as your own initiative. Basic salary is negotiable **** plus bonus (2011 paid 10% of salary) and a comprehensive flexible benefits package. If you believe you have the skills and experience we are seeking please forward an up to date CV today. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductDevelopmentAssistantHomeinsuranceSuperbPackage_job****