Title: Credit Risk  SAS  Senior Analyst (Secured Lending)
Webindex: 68993599
Company: Harnham Search Selection
Description: Secured Lending Credit Risk  SAS  Senior Analyst The Senior Credit Risk Analyst will be given the responsibility to use statistical packages such as SAS and SQL to manage secure portfolios, create and implement strategies, and provide insight for the business. THE COMPANY: This is an exciting opportunity to work in a highly reputable Retail Bank serving over 24 million customers UKwide. Evidently well established, the company has only a promising and profitable future to look forward to. With an encouraged approach of internal staff development, you will continually be presented with opportunities to further develop your career within the organisation. THE ROLE: The Senior Credit Risk Analyst will be responsible for the analysis of secured portfolios. Using tools such as SAS and SQL, the Senior Credit Risk Analyst will conduct rigorous analysis to create insight for the business and make recommendations for valueadding strategies. This role will sit closely to the modelling team and so the Senior Credit Risk Analyst will be involved with statistical techniques such as logistic regression and modelling. This exciting role provides a challenging nature, where you will be prospected with various training and skill development opportunities. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: Advanced analytical skills Strong experience using SAS SQL Knowledge of statistical modelling Experience with portfolio analysis Experience working in an analytical role in the Financial Services Degree in numerate discipline (or equivalent) Strong communication and presentation skills Preferred experience (not essential): Experience in analysing secured portfolios The Benefits: Up to ****  Bonus  Pension  Healthcare How to apply: To discuss this exciting opportunity, please contact Alpa Vithalani of Harnham Search Selection on **** **** **** Alternatively, please email alpavithalaniharnhamsearch.com. Key Words: SAS, SQL, Analyst, Senior Analyst, Credit Risk, Portfolio, Secured, Commutable from Yorkshire. About Harnham: Harnham Search Selection s recruitment partners range from dynamic SME s to some of the world s leading bluechip companies. Harnham s primary focus includes the Statistical and Analytical, Insight and Marketing Analysis, CRM and Business Intelligence employment markets. Secured Lending Credit Risk  SAS  Senior Analyst