Title: Pensions Systems Project Manager
Webindex: 68379072
Company: Alexander Lloyd
Description: A recognised leader in the UK Pensions industry is currently recruiting for an experienced Pensions Systems Project Manager to join its busy, Crawleybased team. This will be a widely expansive role, focussing upon the following areas of Project Management in regards to the design, implementation, test and configuration of Pensions IT Systems:  Agree the level of project assurance roles with the Project Board and assign ownership and resource accordingly.  Analyse and manage business and project risks, including the development of contingency plans.  Direct and motivate the project team  Plan and monitor the project enabling delivery on time and within budget  Take responsibility for overall progress and use of resources, and initiate corrective action where necessary  Be responsible for project administration in accordance with the PSO s PRINCE**** Standards and Procedures The successful applicant to this role will need a preexisting, proven track record of delivering project management success; specifically in regards to delivering large scale Systems Development or Implementation Projects within the Pensions industry. Familiarity with client/server and/or web services and an ability to interpret client needs and business requirements and translate them into specifications is important, as is the need for candidates to have strong analytical skills and an innovative approach to problem solving. The incumbent must be self motivated, demonstrating tenacity and objectivity in problem solving to get the job done effectively, and approachable and responsive to colleagues and users, with an openminded and constructive approach to problem solving. Pensions experience is preferred but not essential. In return, this role offers a competitive salary and a benefits package that includes a stakeholder Pension Scheme, an annual discretionary bonus, 23 days holiday and a fantastic flexible benefits scheme (including PHI, holiday upgrades and childcare vouchers). PTM1301178 Pensions Systems Project Manager is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest.