Title: Senior Manager  Audit and Accounts
Webindex: 68206466
Company: Wavelength   Public Practice Recruitment
Description: Senior Audit and Accounts nbsp;Manager  Cambridgeshire c pound;****K  pound;****K nbsp;package Opportunity for qualified ACA / ACCA with an Independent nbsp;firm. Prospects for progression to Partner level do exist for the right candidate as part of a long term succession plan. In summary the role is as follows: nbsp; Manage audits, including undertaking fieldwork and then reporting directly to a partner Develop relationships with clients to support the practice/client relationship Provide ideas for practice development and for improving the quality of audits including assisting with training other audit staff In addition to audits, providing full accountancy services to a range of clients, particularly in the OMB sector. Basic personal and corporate tax knowledge required. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate an expertise in auditing, be knowledgeable in company regulation, and in providing a full range of business services. nbsp; nbsp; Requirements Being ACA / ACCA qualified is essential with a Public Practice background and nbsp;experience dealing with owner managed businesses. Must have a combination of nbsp;audit, accountancy and basic tax compliance experience and the ability to manage clients and junior staff. nbsp; Must be driven and interested nbsp;in being involved with the development of the Practice nbsp;The successful applicant will be nbsp;looking for long term nbsp;career progression. The firm will only consider candidates who are currently working in Public Practice and dealing with the audit requirements for Owner Managed Businesses, so please bear this in mind when applying. The successful applicant will be ambitious and is perhaps currently working in a firm where there are no prospects for progression. Due to the high number of applications we are receiving currently, we can nbsp;only contact candidates who satisfy the selection criteria and have been shortlisted. Please also bear this in mind when applying.