Title: Head of Business Process Improvement
Webindex: 67299660
Company: Sigma Recruitment
Description: Does working for a Company named by the telegraph as one of the brightest prospects in the UK excite you? Looking for a dynamic employer who are committed to continuous improvement and are growing at a phenomenal pace? Would you like the chance to make a big impact with a medium size business? The Company: Rapidly expanding dynamic organisation, who provide outsourcing services to the financial service industry. Impressive track record of growth, doubling the head count over the last ****4 months. Currently working with a large portfolio of blue chip clients, most of whom are household names. Established for over 30 years, with **** offices in the UK and 2 overseas. Salary: Up to ****  benefits package The Role: Head of Business Process Improvement Role sits on the senior management team, reporting to the CEO. Overview Provide leadership, planning, technical direction, communication and coaching skills to ensure high quality performance to meet customer needs in the most cost effective manner. To actively drive continuous improvement to quantatively and qualitatively improve cost quality and service. Promote a culture of continuous improvement that enables cost effective servicing operation by adopting methodologies including but not limited to **** sigma, 5S, lean and OEE. To work with Commercial to ensure contracts achieve desired levels of profitability. Responsible for leading continuous improvement initiatives across the business. Champion standards throughout to ensure clients and customers receive a high standard of care. Proactive participation in multiclient solutions which allow multi skilled teams. Support prospecting activity and act as an SME on Business Process Improvement Responsible for discrete categories of process improvement opportunities including tracking productivity and utilisation, improving data integrity and developing improvement plans based on the data. Establishes and manages systems for better performance and incorporates this philosophy in continuous improvement teams. Focus on organisation wide issues and initiatives including developing synergies and business opportunities to optimise performance of business tools and results. The Candidate: Head of Business Process Improvement Should be qualified to degree level or equivalent Extensive experience of continuous improvement / process improvement / business improvement, within a management position is essential. Knowledge on techniques such as six sigma, 5S, Lean, OEE are required. Ideally Candidates will have experience in the financial services sector; client will also consider manufacturing experience. Must have significant experience of dealing with challenging customers. Proven experience of coaching mentoring and motivating teams is essential. A Six Sigma Black Belt / Master Black Belt would be an advantage. Outsourcing experience would be an advantage. Due to volume of response it is not always possible to respond on an individual basis. We will add your details to our database and keep you informed of any new vacancies. WE WILL NOT SEND YOUR CV TO ANY CLIENTS WITHOUT CONTACTING YOU FIRST