Title: Pricing Actuary  Personal Lines
Webindex: 71748908
Company: Mackenzie Stuart
Description: Account: **** Agency: MACKENZIESTUART Contact: GRWS Telephone: (Apply online only) Type: Permanent Position: Pricing Actuary  Personal Lines Description: Mackenzie Stuart are currently looking to the recruit the services of an experienced Pricing Actuary specializing in Personal lines, to join a leading global Insurance firm famed for its general insurance. This organisation is keen to appoint someone who is has the ability to work directly with underwriting, marketing and systems employees in developing and carrying out new business plans. Key responsibilities within this role will include: Apply known actuarial techniques to the data (and adapt those techniques where needed to accommodate data limitations) to extend rate level indications, and change indications by class. Expand the use of Profit Score and identify market segments opportunities. Investigate demographic and other noninsurance data: integrate it with insurance data to develop a picture of the market environment Key part of decision making processes relating to underwriting, and marketing, bringing data analysis and interpretation to contribute significantly to the process. Manage teams of junior actuarial trainees as part of a larger project, including performance management and training. Appropriate candidates will posses excellent academics with a preferable Bachelors degree in Math, Statistics, Economics, or Actuarial Science. They must be a qualified actuary with 5 years relevant work experience in the Insurance industry, specifically in property/casualty. The successful candidate with have strong analytical ability and excellent presenting ability. They must also be able to demonstrate good communication skills along with a real drive and determination to progress within an organisation that is promoting serious potential in career progression If you believe that you are appropriate for this role, please forward your CV accordingly. Location: London Start: According to notice Duration: Permanent Reference: N****