Title: Pensions Team Leader  Bromsgrove
Webindex: 67299692
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Pensions Team Leader Bromsgrove Up to 25,000 My client provides services to trustees of UK occupational pension schemes DB, DC, CARE, cash balance. Due to ongoing growth, they are recruiting for a Pensions Team Leader to supervise a busy pensions administration department. The Role You will delegate work load amongst your team; taking overall responsibility for the team s activity and client portfolio. You will ensure that all targets are achieved and that quality standards are met. You will be responsible for the performance of each team member; providing training and coaching where needed, noting areas for improvement and using your knowledge of pension schemes to upskill individuals. As well as overseeing the team, you will be responsible for managing your own portfolio of pension clients; preparing manual and computer generated benefit calculations, proactively attending client and prospect meetings, carrying out accounting/payroll functions, handling complaints and fulfilling all related administration duties. The Package Basic salary of between ****  **** plus excellent company benefits. The Person For your application to be considered, you will have superb knowledge of a range of pension products, including DB and DC schemes. You will have experience in supervising a team of pensions administrators as well as handling your own portfolio. Pensions qualification (QPA, PMI examinations) would be desirable. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful