Title: Private Client/HNW Insurance Account Executive  Manchester
Webindex: 68994666
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Private Client/High Net Worth Insurance Account Executive (Manchester) c****  Car  Bonus. A leading Chartered Insurance Brokerage with a national brand is looking to add an experienced individual to their Private Clients team focussing on mid and high net worth individuals. The Company Our client is one of the UK s most respected Insurance Brokers with offices across the country and specialisms in Personal, Commercial and Corporate business. This particular role is within the Manchester office which has a large, experienced team and looks after well in excess of 30m GWP, working with the Private Client team. The Role The successful applicant will be responsible for winning new and renewal business from Mid and High Net Worth individuals, who require a full range of personal home and motor insurance. They will be responsible for visiting clients and prospective clients at home to secure business and build relationships. In addition this individual will also manage the ongoing relationship with clients, discussing adjustments and other servicing requirements as well as identifying cross selling opportunities whilst ultimately offering a fantastic level of service. There is a book of clients to be inherited by the correct person. The Benefits A basic salary of between c**** is available to an experienced candidate as well as a car allowance and bonus upon achieving targets. The Person To be considered for this position you must have experience of Mid/High Net Worth Insurance and be comfortable dealing with clients at this level in person and over the telephone. You will be comfortable servicing account as well as achieving new business targets. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful