Title: Corporate Account Executive  Buckinghamshire  to ****
Webindex: 69595339
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Corporate Account Executive  Buckinghamshire Salary: to **** plus excellent benefits A forward thinking insurance broker in the Buckinghamshire region is seeking a Commercial Account Executive to handle Corporate insurance risks. This is an exciting time for the business as they are investing greatly into finding the right talent to grow the team and enhance their success. The company provides commercial insurance solutions to a full spectrum of companies including multinational organisations and takes great pride in its reputation as a market leader. They actively encourage all their employees to enhance their skills through professional development and provide full financial support with insurance examinations. The Account Executive will visit potential and existing corporate clients to build relationships and assess their insurance risks. Will then approach a select panel of insurers in order to provide them with the most appropriate cover. The successful applicants will focus on providing an excellent service to clients, maximising profitable business, reflecting the company's professional image at all times. This role is biassed towards the servicing of existing business but will also incorporate a new business target for growth of the book. Candidates for this role must have experience working in an insurance broking environment in a client facing capacity, dealing with Corporate Commercial risks. Applicants must be good communicators, able to deal confidently with clients and insurers alike and have a highly professional attitude. This is an excellent opportunity for an ambitious individual to take their career to the next level. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CorporateAccountExecutiveBuckinghamshireto****_job****