Title: TeleConsultant  Contact Centre Representative
Webindex: 70309942
Description: A market leading financial services organisation in Dorking is looking for a TeleConsultant to make and receive calls to inform and educate existing and new customers about the annuity proposition prior to and at the point of retirement. Responsibilities  Engage with our customer's that are due to retire at various time points between the 6 months preretirement stage and annuity set up.  Ensure that customers fully understand how their health and lifestyle impact on the retirement income that they could receive and encourage them to complete a medical questionnaire to fully explore their personal options.  Plan and organise own activity to ensure qualitative and quantative targets are achieved and standards of performance are met.  Collate market and competitor intelligence and provide feedback to the proposition to support future developments.  Follow up with customer s to ensure they have the relevant figures to assist them in making an informed selection.  Engage with customer's that have returned the medical questionnaires and ensure that they are given the required level of support at retirement.  Follow up initial calls to our customer's and support them through the application process as required.  Assist customers in quantifying their needs and the options that they have at retirement.  Identify and agree with customers when they want to take benefits and how we can assist them at various points prior to and at the end of the retirement process.  Engage with every customer referred across from the inbound call team and internal departments. Experience and Qualifications Required  Knowledge of financial service regulation is preferred includingworking with pensions.  Complaints handling.  Previous contact centre experience in a commercial environment.  At least **** GCSE qualifications at grade C or above or equivalent.  CF**** or happy to work towards. Knowledge, Skills and Behaviours  Must be available to work to a rota pattern that will include an element of evenings and weekends.  Ability to work on own initiative in an empowered team environment.  Selfmotivated and enthusiastic.  Team player with ability to work on own initiative.  Customer focused.  Good planning and organisational skills.  Excellent customer engagement experience/skills/techniques  Knowledge of Pensions, Financial Services industry.  Communication and influencing.  Ability to interact, and open to giving/receiving feedback.  Proven efficiency in word, excel and other relevant packages Carlisle Managed Solutions is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.