Title: Affiliate Sales Account Manager
Webindex: 71856662
Company: Arthur Financial Ltd
Description: Our Client is a Tier **** Foreign Exchange house, specialising in deliverable foreign exchange solutions employing over **** people. They are looking for a experience affiliate channel sales person to market and sell their products. Overview of the Sales Account Manager, The sales account manager is responsible for developing and closing new affiliate relationships (e.g. overseas property emigration sectors) and generating revenue streams for express (online) and premier (offline) private corporate client FX products via IFAs, wealth managers and small corporate channel affiliates partners. Key Responsibilities: Identify, research and source new affiliate opportunities: Conducts desk based (Internet, networking and CRM/database) research to source and identify new prospective affiliate opportunities; (Particular focus on developing new affiliate opportunities within overseas property, emigration, IFAs, wealth managers small corporate channel partners) Conducts field research and attends relevant networking events and seminars that support development of prospective affiliate relationships; Works closely with affiliate team and director of strategic partnerships to identify new b2b affiliate opportunities. Develops affiliate prospect(s) pipeline: Maintains a pipeline of prospective affiliate partners (to agreed KPIs); Using structured approach (e.g. MS Excel or Word) to keep sales pipeline up to date and accurate (e.g. RAG status, probability key milestone events etc.) Develops new business opportunities through telemarketing, business networking (e.g. LinkedIn), attending events/seminars; Develops prospects via telephone and organises meetings where relevant to present affiliate partner proposition; Ensures particular focus spent during sales/marketing (and tendering) process to articulate to prospective affiliates, key features and benefits of HiFX s corporate and private client CVPs (customer value propositions); Provides weekly update to director of business unit on sales pipeline activity. Close and win new affiliates: Develops qualified affiliate pipeline and takes prospective affiliates within pipeline through affiliate partner sales lifecycle (endtoend); Obtains necessary support and input (as required) to help land new affiliates where needed from internal support functions (e.g. Compliance / IT / L D); Ensures relevant key stakeholders are involved in process of acquiring and winning new affiliates as required; Affiliate relationship management MI: Manages affiliate and partner relationships to agreed SLAs and KPIs in order to deliver affiliate satisfaction and maximise revenue opportunity Ensures affiliate relationship management reporting is produced to agreed standards and deadlines each week/month/quarter. Skills Experience Required: Experience of running / managing online marketing campaigns (account management); Demonstrate awareness of Pay Per Click (PPC) Search Engine Optimisation (SEO)  supporting the promotion of Product / Brand. Marketing experience (ideally digital marketing) Must possess excellent telephone manner and be fluent English speaking; Will have demonstrable experience within B2B sales / account management; Have worked within either commercial FX, property, emigration, IFA, wealth management or channel affiliate/partner sales role; Must be wellorganised, presentable and articulate with demonstrable ability to articulate ideas, influence others and sell consultative at exec/board level; Spoken (and written) European foreign language skills would be desirable; Personal Characteristics of Jobholder: An articulate and confident high achiever; Motivated to succeed within KPI driven / sales environment; Preferably educated to A level / graduate level. Full training will be provided for successful jobholder for foreign exchange products, FX markets training, legal and regulatory training (e.g. AML) and personal development plan.