Title: Sales Support Consultant
Webindex: 70091087
Company: Hyphen
Description: Sales Support Consultant ****2 Month Contract Reading **** per hour  commission My client, a large professional services organisation, is looking for an experienced sales consultant to handle inbound calls from potential and existing customers working within a sales team. You will provide additional product information or assistance with the purchase of the product and in addition to this, the Sales Consultant will be expected to proactively follow up previous contacts and sales leads. The role will involve   Continual delivery/exceeding of sales plan and sale conversion rates  Ensure that your individual sales plan is met or exceeded each month in a manner that is fully compliant.  Act as a good team player embracing company behaviours, supporting colleagues and department.  Take personal ownership of cases and deliver promises made to the customer.  Possess and demonstrate a positive and flexible approach to working hours, accepting that key customer contact time will require working unsociable hours.  Identify opportunities for improvements to systems, processes or products, making recommendations as appropriate, including proactive ideas about how call frameworks can be improved.  Maintain Awareness of product and process developments with the ability to deliver sales on more than 1 product type  Deliver market leading customer service and satisfaction.  Record and track all customer interactions through the company operating systems to ensure that management information is produced accurately.  Formulate and agree a personal development plan with your Sales Manager and review this regularly.  Manage your activity and administration to demonstrate best business practice that will meet or exceed department service requirements.  Ensure all company procedures and guidelines are adhered to.  Comply with all relevant regulatory Overall, the successful candidate will hold excellent communication skills with proven ability to engage in customer driven conversation, building rapport, handle objections and influencing to drive strong sale conversion rates. Be a highly motivated individual who thrives in participating in and creating a great department sales culture, where success is celebrated and focus remains on continually reviewing all aspects of the sales process driving improvements and continually increasing sale conversion rates. To be considered for this role, you will need   Experience of working in a sales target driven environment.  Experience of working in the financial services industry and working knowledge in a sales call centre environment is desirable though not essential.  Minimum of 2 GCSEs, including Maths and English at grade C or above or equivalent.  Would prefer CII Financial Planning Certificate or equivalent but not essential.  Working knowledge of Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Lotus Notes or equivalent Office packages. hyphen Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.