Title: Key Account Executive  Manchester
Webindex: 68994676
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Broker Development Executive Manchester Up to **** A highly respected insurer is recruiting for a Commercial Insurance Key Account Executive to deal with large brokers within the North West region. The Role You will work towards new business and renewal targets from a panel of key brokers within your geographic territory. You will be required to prepare and present plans for key accounts, ensuring all their commercial insurance needs are met and expectations are exceeded to ensure commercial growth. You will assist with your broker s strategy planning helping to improve the offering to them where necessary. The role will also require you to continuously work towards identifying potential new markets and opportunities. The Company Our client is one of the largest insurance companies within the UK who underwrite a vast range of both commercial and personal lines products. They have an excellent reputation within the market and, with millions of customers worldwide, can offer a fastpaced working environment with job security. They encourage their staff to do well by giving comprehensive training (both inhouse and external); as well as offering internal promotion where possible. The Package Basic salary of between ****  **** plus excellent company benefits including bonus and pension schemes. The Person For you application to be considered, you must have experience within a similar role and have a good understand of broker markets within the North West. You will have excellent knowledge of a range of commercial insurance risks and have strong FSA/regulatory knowledge. ACII qualification (or equivalent) would be advantageous. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful