Title: ALM / Treasury Manager
Webindex: 70165970
Company: Procura Group
Description: I am representing my client, a Retail Bank, through an exciting and aggressive growth phase. An acquisitive organisation by nature, they will double their balance sheet over the next two years and the business will grow by pound;****bn in the next 12 months. As the Treasury/ALM Manager of the bank you will be a key part of a dynamic and ambitious team. Managing the interest rate and basis risk on the balance sheet this high profile role reports directly to the Head of Treasury within the flat management structure of the Bank and involves interaction with the exec team, CEO and Chairman. With a focus on ALM you will also be involved in other areas of Treasury assisting with Treasury projects and treasury asset portfolio management and wholesale funding. Responsibilities Hedging the interest rate and basis risk on the balance sheet within the risk appetite limits of the Bank. Formulating and executing hedging strategies reflecting the Bank rsquo;s interest rate view to optimise returns. Articulating complex hedging strategies to ALCO and Risk Committee. Managing the relationships with wholesale Banks to minimise trading costs, maximise returns and attain new hedging strategies. Preparation of forward looking MI for ALCO to anticipate hedging requirements and development of enhanced ALCO MI. Provide input into the FTP process by updating senior management and product managers on wholesale market movements and market trends. Assisting the Head of Treasury with Treasury projects when required. Executing securities trades and monitoring the Bond markets to assist in the management of the Treasury asset portfolio. Experience Hands on experience of interest rate derivative trading, sales or trade execution in a Treasury dealer capacity. Experience of working in a derivative front office or treasury environment of a Bank or Building Society. Essential Requirements Maths degree or a degree in a highly numerate discipline. Knowledge of Treasury instruments and their valuation methods including interest rate swaps and option products. Advanced Excel skills. Strong communication skills and the ability to articulate complex derivative strategies to a broad audience. Beneficial Requirements Knowledge of the different forms of interest rate measurement. Understanding of Retail banking products. Experience of the ALMIS or Quantum treasury systems. AMCT/MCT qualification.