Title: B2B Account Manager (telesales)
Webindex: 68669252
Company: Benjamin James Consultancy
Description: You must have 12 months minimum telesales experience to be considered for this role. No job hoppers TeleSales Executive ****k****k Basic Salary Role Definition: This Sales Executive role provides an ideal opportunity for someone with an interest in the finance industry to development a career in a vibrant and fast moving sales environment . As Sales Executive you will …Manage and develop a designated number of company accounts across target vertical markets daily. Working towards monthly / quarterly targets as part of an established and successful team . This will entail callhandling, proactive calling, generating quotes, closing of sales and database management . Key Skills Required for Sales Executive : Excellent telephone manner Good interpersonal skills and ability to communicate at all levels Ability to work on own initiative with a 'cando' attitude and also work as part of a larger sales team Proven experience and successful track record in account management and/or telemarketing activities. High level of time management and organisational skills PC literate Basic understanding of finance products (Not Essential) Positive, selfmotivated, outgoing, determined and enthusiastic Attention to detail Ability to work well under pressure and deadlines Duties and Responsibilities for Sales Executive : Market and prioritise personal sales activities and customer / prospect contact towards achieving agreed business aims, including sales, customer service and especially managing personal time and productivity. Deliver a repeatable sustainable monthly revenue and margin contribution to achieve your personal targets and KPI's. Respond to incoming calls and follow up sales enquiries by telephone, email, fax and post. From time to time the Sales Executive may be required to visit a client as required by the Sales Manager. Use customer and prospect contact activities tools and systems (including computerised database and paper file systems), and update relevant information held within these systems. Carry out telemarketing activities to agreed standards and timescales, and integrate personal sales efforts with organized marketing activities e.g. advertising, direct marketing etc. Cleanse contact data as and when required. Monitor and record market and competitor activities and provide relevant reports and information as and when requested. Adhere to and follow internal procedures of the Direct Professions department as outlined by the Sales Manager in relation to Underwriting New Business processes. Record, report and administer sales activities and results according to systems, requirements in the agreed format. Communicate, liaise and negotiate internally within the parameters set with other members of staff and externally with other approved organisations and business partners (including the portfolio of banks and finance houses) using appropriate methods and behaviour to facilitate the development of profitable business and sustainable relationships. Accept responsibility for successful transportation of post or any other correspondence to relevant drop off point if requested. Attend and present at internal and external meetings. Attend training and to develop relevant knowledge, techniques and skills. Provide holiday and sickness cover for your colleagues as and when required Salary Range: ****k  ****k Basic Salary (Dependant on experience) OTE 30K uncapped Hours:8.30 am  5.30 pm Monday to Friday This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/B2BAccountManagertelesales_job****