Title: Senior Bank Assistant
Webindex: 68097200
Company: M & S Bank
Description: With M S Bank, we're creating something truly special. What makes us so different? Well, for a start, the bank will be unquestionably M S. We've learnt a lot about fairness, integrity and personal service during the last 127 years as one of the UK's favourite retailers. Like every other part of Marks Spencer, M S Bank will be built on the values of Quality, Value, Service, Innovation and, above all, Trust. The service we deliver will be expert, friendly and truly focused on the customer. We'll look to build lasting relationships with everyone who banks with us. And as our bank branches will be situated within M S stores we'll share the same opening hours, making things far more convenient for our customers. We may be new, but we're built on the foundations of M S Money, which has provided outstanding products and exceptional service for over 25 years. And being owned by HSBC, we're in partnership with one of the world's biggest and most trusted financial institutions. We're right at the start of a very exciting new journey. We are opening more than **** branches across the country over the next two years. And by joining the team at the very beginning, you could be part of it all. ABOUT THE ROLE You'll aim to delight every customer, every time, whether you're greeting them or listening to their needs, providing solutions or selling our outstanding products. As a senior figure within the branch, you'll also coach and support other team members, handle the more complex customer queries and, when required, fill in as Duty Manager. You'll have targets to achieve and you'll have to get to grips with our products and services. But ultimately, it'll be your ability to provide a special, uniquely M S experience that will be the key to your success. ABOUT YOU Retail banking experience and a strong track record in customer service and sales are vital for this role, as is a commitment to our values of trust, quality and service. An understanding of the services and products we provide is important, as is some experience of coaching and motivating others. Your personality, positive outlook and commitment to quality will prove to be every bit as important though. And you must be a natural when it comes to talking to and building relationships with different kinds of people. At M S Bank we invest in our people and training is imperative in order to deliver against our brand values. As such, we will provide a comprehensive training programme which will be delivered over an 8 week period on a full time basis (two of which will be residential in Chester). Full time rotas include working weekends and evenings. Part time rotas are typically **** hours, both daytime and evening shifts include weekends. Our rewards package includes pension, life assurance, 20% M S discount card and various recognition schemes that reward your contribution in different ways. Salary includes a **** per annum territorial allowance This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorBankAssistant_job****