Title: Commercial Analyst  Oil & Gas
Webindex: 69172762
Company: Badenoch & Clark   London 
Description: A critical commercial finance role has become available within a leading FTSE Oil Gas Business with head office in Central London. This role would suit a highly commercial accountant ideally CIMA qualified with exposure to working across different subsidiaries, project workstreams and SAP system skills. This role will be responsible for:  Act as a finance business partner, supporting relevant business heads and Commercial Finance.  Provide insight and advice to the Business Development and Commercial teams  Review and challenge the Financials for bids and tenders  Work closely with other departments to ensure risks are appropriately captured and communicated  Provide insight and competitor intelligence regarding tender price points and the market  Responsible for all planning and forecast cycles for Central Overheads.  Develop maintain granular, accurate and timely reporting of Business Development costs and Central overheads, implementing controls and processes where necessary.  Undertake analysis and investigation work raised by budget holders.  Provide commercial support to the Head of Commercial Finance Finance Director the group This role has excellent future pipeline and growth opportunities within the group; working closely and partnering with the Business Development team to provide financial insight, analysis and challenge to support business decisions and promote a strong financial control environment. If you feel that you have the relevant skills set and commercial acumen for this role please feel free to apply to the advert. www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialAnalystOilGas_job****