Title: Emerging Markets Product Control Job  London
Webindex: 62089671
Description: A leading hedge fund, seeks an Emerging Markets Product Control, to be based in London. The Emerging Markets Product Control will be responsible for: Producing a daily P&L for the desk Preparing a weekly and month end NAV and returns estimate. Ensuring the valuations of products traded by the desk adhere to the firms strict valuation policy and raising discrepancies as appropriate to management and the fund's administrators. Preparing commentary on an large daily or weekly P&L produced by the desk as appropriate Preparing various regulatory reports for the EM fund and assisting with the team regulatory reporting effort Running the month end process to arrive at an accurate month end final NAV. This requires daily monitoring of month end P&L, pricing challenges and follow ups with the fund's administrators and the desk to resolve issues. Preparing ad hoc reports and analysis for the trading desk as required and getting involved in ad hoc project work for the Product Control team as required. As such, the successful Emerging Markets Product Control will have the following skills and experience: The ideal candidate should have 12 years relevant postqualified (ACA) experience in a Product Control role gained within an investment bank or other asset manager and preferably linked in closely with an Emerging Markets trading desk. Products range from vanilla through to Exotic across all asset classes  breadth of exposure would be advantageous, but is not a requirement. The candidate must have very good A level (or equivalent) grades in numerical subjects, a strong degree from a major academic institution and hold an accountancy qualification. The candidate should be able to demonstrate initiative and the ability to cope with products /issues not previously encountered, as well as a commitment to professional integrity in balancing the needs of all stakeholders. An understanding of NAVs, fund accounting and pricing methodologies would also be an advantage but is not a requirement. Very importantly, the candidate should be able to work independently and be delivery focused. The successful candidate should be enthusiastic, a good communicator, a quick thinker and analytical. Excel This is a great opportunity for an experienced Emerging Markets Product Control with strong communication skills to work for one of the most respected financial services companies in the world. If you have the above qualities, and wish to further your career as a Emerging Markets Product Control, then please apply today. Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****