Title: Corporate Strategy Manager
Webindex: 67098151
Company: Marks Sattin
Description: Corporate Strategy Manager An opportunity to join a rapidly growing PLC based in the North West area’s Strategy team. You will provide commercially driven advice to the executive board, senior management and stakeholders to support strategic development at a group level. This business has a varied product portfolio that they are increasingly looking to expand through new start ups and acquisitional growth. Key Responsibilities; Identifying and evaluating areas for growth in both new and existing markets. Assessing opportunities for corporate development including acquisitions of new businesses Reporting directly to the head of commercial who in turn reports directly to the CEO of the group. Working with cross functional senior management team to explore opportunities to expand sales both nationally and internationally. Adhoc projects  E.G loyalty scheme incentives, conducting both financial and commercial due diligence with financial modelling and scenario planning. The successful candidate will; Have an exceptional Academic background with a minimum 2.1 degree from a reputable university  Preferably 1st class Hold a professional qualification (ACA, CIMA, ACMA) Have the tenacity and desire to advise senior personnel within a business when making important decisions for the business' future. Exceptional analytical skills with strong MS Excel experience. Be ambitious with the desire to assist in the rapid growth of this business building your own role in line with this. Excellent interpersonal skills, particularly around influencing and negotiation  the right candidate will be able to advise and build relationships at every level and sector within the business. If you would like to be considered for this role pleas apply immediately as we are expecting a high level of response for this role. As the business requires this position ASAP the process will move relatively quickly to counter any long notice period you may need to adhere to. Please forward a copy of your CV and covering letter to [contact details removed] or alternatively call [contact details removed] for a confidential discussion on career opportunities.