Title: Assistant Travel and Special Risks Underwriters
Webindex: 71839424
Description: To recommend premium levels and terms to be applied to both new and renewal business in a logical, accurate and timely basis. Responsibility for specific nominated travel Special Risks accounts, involving accurate allocation of premium, credit control, monitoring performance, preparation of renewal recommendations and production of scheme based management information through detailed data analysis and interpretation. To be responsible for the preparation and drafting of both new and existing policy wordings for both travel special risks accounts ensuring wordings comply with all legal and regulatory requirements. Liaison with external scheme contacts, often at a senior level, either directly with the client or via a broker. Attendance of external client meetings, on an accompanied basis where appropriate, for both scheme review meetings and new business opportunities. To provide support in working with external medical screening providers to act as a referral point for medical screening queries from both external and internal customers, often at a senior level. To provide a reference point for other business areas and external agents on technical underwriting issues, often of a complex nature. To be responsible for ad hoc reports and projects when required, on both underwriting and departmental issues, including recommendations to the Head of Travel Special Risks Underwriting. To contribute to the formulation of ideas for the development of Ageas' approach to travel and special risks insurance and future product development. To liaise with other departments whose work impacts on travel special risks underwriting and vice versa. Identify, recommend and implement changes to procedures where appropriate. Who we re looking for Numeric The jobholder should have strong numeric and analytical skills and be able to demonstrate a logical and timely approach to problem solving, often involving complex data analysis. Verbal Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to explain technical issues in a clear and logical way. Work Related Good negotiation skills. Logical and organised approach to work. Decision making skills. Computer literate: Excel and Word. Presentation / Training skills desirable. Human Relations Ability to work as part of a small team and work effectively with both internal and external customers. Ability to work with minimum supervision. Essential Knowledge A sound understanding of underwriting principles and travel insurance is essential. Ability to interpret detailed policy wordings. CII or progress towards desirable. Basic knowledge of the insurance market is preferred. About our client Insurer What s on offer Competitive salary  benefits