Title: Assistant Manager  Structured Corporate Finance
Webindex: 70038684
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: A leading Banking Group is ideally seeking a qualified / partqualified Accountant to strengthen their Structured Corporate Finance team. This is an outstanding entrypoint opportunity for you to develop your skills and knowledge at a leading Bank. This role is a business facing financial support position and you will be assisting management with the development and production of lease funding accounts and information. This position has excellent potential to broaden and cultivate valuable knowledge, experience and skills at a leading Bank. Key responsibilities include:  Prepare Cash Forecasting, updating calculations in response to leasing activities  Ensure funds are accurately booked on a daily basis  Ensure transactions are booked correctly on Internal Ledger system  Prepare Interest Rate Swap profiles  Dealing with terminations and restructuring  Ensure trades are confirmed on the day  Monthly Balance Sheet Substantiation is completed and breaks agreed to Group timetables  Prepare monthly Maturity Analysis  Proactively investigate Bank Reconciliations mismatches being able to provide detailed explanations and action The ideal candidate will be a qualified / partqualified Accountant with solid accounting experience and an ambition and drive to make a positive impact on the business. You will have excellent IT systems and spreadsheet skills; experience in a Treasury function will be of significant advantage. Assistant Manager  Structured Corporate Finance  ****  ****  Bonus  Benefits  London  Leading Banking Group We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive, if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting http://www.cmcconsulting.co.uk Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against any individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.