Title: Risk Analyst  Model Validation
Webindex: 69564455
Company: Santander
Description: Join Santander and you'll become a vital part of a business built on the outstanding service provided to our customers, as well as the awardwinning products we offer. We're one of the fastest growing banks in the UK and that is down to our people. And we recognise that as we help you develop your career you'll be doing the same for our business. The UK based Internal Validation Team has a diverse remit covering credit risk model validation across Corporate, Retail and Wholesale Banking. In addition, the remit also includes validation of Economic Capital methodologies, Stress Testing, Pillar II models and exposure to market risk methodologies. The UK based validation team is responsible for Group interests across NorthEast Europe, as well as the UK. This provides team members a unique experience working across multiple geographies and areas within risk. In addition to the UK, the validation team works colleagues in Germany, Poland, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Sweden. Santander UK The Santander Group has more than 150 years' experience in global banking and more branches worldwide than any other international bank. We are well on the way to repeating this success in the UK, having been recognised as one the 'Top Employers in the UK' in 2012 by the Corporate Research Foundation (CRF) Institute. As a Risk Analyst  Model Validation your skills and qualifications will ideally include: Degree level education (or equivalent) in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematical Finance, Economics or Engineering. Postgraduate qualification/PhD would be advantageousA working knowledge of SAS is a benefit. Knowledge of alternatives such as SQL, EViews, SPSS or any other statistical software is advantageousTrack record of successful delivery in a statistical analysis or modelling role, preferably within a credit risk functionExperience of interpreting and writing technical documentationAppreciation/knowledge of regulatory compliance requirements such as Basel II is essential.Spanish and German language skills will be advantageous. As a Risk Analyst  Model Validation your main responsibilities will involve: Management of work to deliver against targeted plansConducting independent reviews of newly developed and proposed models/methodologies, mainly related to Basel II (PD, LGD, EAD) and decisioning (e.g. scorecards).Reviewing technical documentation which has been written to describe the models that have been developedFinding improved ways of doing thingsEnsuring that models are fit for purpose in accordance with company strategy and aimsPerforming ongoing model validation dutiesTracking and monitoring progress against previous validation recommendationsCreating technical documentationPresenting main validation findings to line manager Location: London Santander welcomes applications from all sections of the community.