Title: Applications Development Support Analyst
Webindex: 67931797
Description: Application Development Support Analyst, Cheshire This is an excellent opportunity to progress a challenging, varied and stable career working for a cutting edge FTSE 100 Financial Services Blue Chip Organisation. There is currently an opportunity for an Application Development Support Analyst to take ownership of Individual Incidents, Problems or Changes and ensure the delivery of solutions is in line with the Operational Level Agreements. Your responsibilities will be varied and whilst your programming skills will be heavily utilised the key thing will be you ability in problem solving. The work will be extremely varied and you will need to be a true technologist able to adapt to many different technologies and programming languages to make core fixes, configuration changes. You should possess the ability to create a logical plan, provide realistic estimates and schedule for an activity or project segment and be able to work in every phase of the Software Development Life Cycle. You will need to have an interest in a variety of technology maintaining an indepth understanding of relevant and up to date knowledge of applications and techniques. Knowledge and skills required: Proven coding experience in either Java or .Net or C/C++ Knowledge or experience in providing Technical Support Knowledge of ITIL Environment Experience of Application Monitoring and Reporting Ability to resolve Incidents and Problems Ability to deliver Change and Release Experience within the Financial Services is preferable The successful candidate will be enthusiastic, willing and proactive and show a strong ability to pickup new concepts and adapt to change. You will also have clear and concise communication and interpersonal skills as you will be required to communicate to peers, line management and business users. In addition the benefits package includes holiday, 10% employer pension contributions, life assurance, income protection and private medical cover. You have the opportunity to flex all your core benefits and also have the option of childcare vouchers, Bike****work, dental plan and many more.