Title: Branch Manager Trainee  Surrey
Webindex: 72115747
Company: Nationwide Building Society
Description: Introduction Branch Management Trainee Scheme 2013 Your opportunity to shine Full time, 35 hours per week Basic starting salary ****  bonus and benefits (including a location allowance where applicable). Travel is essential and applicants must have access to own transport. Nationwide is launching our Branch Management Trainee Scheme for 2013. You can get involved and secure your place on a structured journey to find the future leaders of our Branch Network. A more challenging role The **** month scheme provides practical on the job experience along with a training programme to support you in becoming an inspiring and commercially successful Branch Manager. You will be expected to provide exceptional customer service which delivers great customer outcomes, and demonstrate real leadership potential. It s your opportunity to shine. A more talented person Becoming a role model in just 18 months isn t easy. We will keep you moving forward with carefully structured training backed by plenty of support, lots of feedback and constant guidance. Plus, of course, your personal motivation and enthusiasm will keep you moving ever nearer to qualifying as a fully fledged Branch Manager. We are looking for talented individuals with a positive approach, who have the ability to be the future stars of our Branch Network. While financial services experience would be an advantage, it s customer focus and leadership potential along with A levels or equivalent that will help secure your place on the scheme. An employer you re proud of Why commit to Nationwide? Our mutual status means we re here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We re always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That s why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve You ll put a lot into your work but you can expect a great deal in return. Help us continue to deliver the best possible experience to our customers, and we ll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you expect, including plenty of scope for development and growth