Title: THIRD PARTY INTERVENTION MOTOR CLAIMS HANDLER (DSCJ****)
Webindex: 69072525
Company: Clark James Insurance And Financial Services Recruitment
Description: Clark James Insurance Recruitment are working with a really exciting and forward thinking Motor Insurance business who are rapidly expanding across the UK, this role could be based in Kent or in Sussex. nbsp; This role will involve proactively and effectively handling Third Party Motor Claims within the companies Intervention processes, and therefore contribute to the control of overall Claims spend through minimising third party hire and repair costs. Key deliverables: nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Ensure TP intervention claims are proactively managed within the agreed intervention processes. Control leakage by minimising the ldquo;key to key rdquo; time of third party claims and therefore limit the companies rsquo; exposure to inflated credit hire claims. Utilise services of company Intervention supplier network wherever possible on appropriate claims. Maintain accurate reserves on claims at all times in line with policy and procedures. Manage a challenging workload to meet productivity and quality standards and to contribute to the delivery of team targets. Ensure fraudulent claims are identified and appropriately referred Ensure potential large loss claims are identified and appropriately referred This is a demanding but rewarding role with exceptional progression and training opportunities and will be ideal for candidates with a reasonable level of prior Motor Claims experience. The salary is highly competitive and bonus opportunities as well as a strong package of extras are on offer to the successful candidate. We will always treat your details in strict confidence and act in your interests at all times, as an agency we strongly believe in recommendation and word of mouth from the many hundreds of Insurance professionals we assist on a daily basis.