Title: Group Finance Analyst
Webindex: 68708369
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: The company has experienced significant change over the past year and are entering to a new phase in their growth projections. Reporting into the Group FP A Manager, the key responsibilities are to support the team and thenewCEO and CFO to manage and drive improvements in the financial and operational performance of the Group by providing relevant, accurate, timely and insightful analysis. Furthermore you will work closely with the UK FP A team and report directly to senior management. Other responsibilities include:  Supporting the Group in budgeting, forecasting and projections processes, reviewing inputs, supporting the wider Group finance teams with budgeting queries  Assist in the preparation of executive presentations;  Various ad hoc analys The ideal candidate will be qualified (ACA,ACCA or CIMA) The should have:  Very strong, proven Excel skills, with knowledge of financial modelling, commercial acumen and excellent numerical skills.  Experience of using financial planning systems and databases;  The ability to identify issues, draw conclusions and communicate these effectively  Experience in finance, and in preparing analysis; being able to work under pressure to meet deadlines and deliver quality outputs  Works well in a team environment but able to work independently and proactively;  Good communication and personal skills to develop relationships and work effectively with country based teams and nonfinance dep This role would suit a passionate and enthusiastic individual keen to progress within a leading organisation. ****  attractive benefits package Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GroupFinanceAnalyst_job****