Title: Senior Business Auditor  Leisure
Webindex: 72202985
Company: Experis Finance
Description: Are you a qualified ACA looking to move into the leisure/consumer sector? This major multinational consumer business has a market leading brand in the sector and offers a diverse range of products/services to a wide customer base through a variety of channels. It is currently undertaking significant investment plans  particularly with regard to systems, marketing and technology which makes it an interesting time to be joining the business. The internal audit team is well regarded in this business and has a proactive approach to engaging with senior stakeholders. This team is based Hertfordshire but is only circa **** minutes from London by train. It is part of a much larger global internal audit function and undertakes a wide range of predominantly operational audit reviews, with some financial audits and also offers exposure to key business projects. Reviews are riskbased and cover the full scope of the operations of the business, offering exposure to the most senior stakeholders and the opportunity to really learn about this fastpaced and exciting business. The control environment is not as mature as many businesses of a similar size so there is still plenty of scope to identify commercial recommendations that can really make a difference and get you noticed There is a clear progression route into the business with a number of previous members of the team progressing on into mainstream finance. The travel requirement is low at between 10% and 20% per year. On offer is a salary of up to **** plus a car allowance (****), bonus (c10%), generous pension and substantial discount schemes As the ideal candidate you will: Be a qualified ACA from a larger practice environment Have a minimum of four to five years of experience  at least three of which should be in an external audit role working on large multinational clients under UK GAAP/IFRS Have a strong academic background with upper quartile results at both degree and Alevel Demonstrate excellent communication skills  verbal and written Have gravitas and the ability to both build relationships and to influence senior stakeholders in the business Please note that shortlisting for this role will begin in the first week of February so do not delay your application. You must be eligible to work in the UK to be considered for this opportunity