Title: Head of Record to Report
Webindex: 69073040
Company: Sellick Partnership Group Limited
Description: Sellick Partnership has been engaged to recruit a permanent Head of Record to Report position for a growing and reputable shared service centre based in Manchester. The role As one of the direct reports to the SSC Director, this senior role is part of the SSC Management team: The key accountabilities will include:  Leading and developing the new RTR service delivery based on a new financial operating model  Forming close effective working relationships with senior members of staff across the business, on an operational and financial basis  Validating performance and identifying opportunities for improvement  Requires travel across the UK The person The successful applicant will be a qualified accountant (CCAB), with a proven track record of managing finance teams within a R****R remit. They must have experience of change management, process reengineering and process improvement, and driving improved efficiency within a finance environment. With a track record of managing half and yearend audits, the candidate will will also have experience of implementing improved governance and controls. They will possess a ‘lead by’ example way of working and be an able communicator across all levels. A background in SAP would be desirable. If you consider yourself to be a committed, career driven professional who can demonstrate the above experience and who would welcome the stimulus of this senior post then we would be pleased to hear from you. If you would like to apply for this role or would like to find out more, please apply online or contact Jonathan Moss at Sellick Partnership on [contact details removed] . Sellick Partnership is a market leader in financial recruitment operating across the UK. Over the last ten years we have built up an enviable relationship with employers, and our expert team of consultants boast up to date market knowledge and a strong reputation making Sellick Partnership best placed to help you.