Title: Fraud Specialist
Webindex: 72340170
Company: Virgin Money
Description: Virgin is well known for doing things better and we are constantly on the lookout for talented, imaginative and smart people to help deliver success. We are working hard to offer a real alternative to banking as usual ndash; a bank that aims to make everyone better off; our customers, staff, shareholders, business partners and the communities we serve. The Fraud Risk Specialist will be responsible for formulating, communicating and negotiating the fraud risk business requirements for the design and development of Virgin Money rsquo;s new risk decisioning systems. They will be the ldquo;goto rdquo; subject matter expert in matters related to Fraud. Key responsibilities will include: Representing Fraud Risk in detailed discussion and debate around high level and detailed business requirements for new build risk systems and decisioning assets Coordinating inputs and views staff from across Risk and the wider business in the engagement process with external suppliers throughout the design, build, test and implementation lifecycle. Evaluating design and implementation options and making recommendations to the Risk Leadership Team and appropriate wider business projects. Responsibility for the implementation, monitoring and reporting of fraud decisioning logic, in line with corporate objectives and regulatory parameters. nbsp; Reviewing, challenging and implementing appropriate combination of high quality statistical models, policy rules and system infrastructure to produce a straightforward customer experience whilst delivering an appropriate assessment of fraud risk for fraud decisions at origination and throughout the customer relationship. Develop Fraud Risk Policy for approval, including confirming or proposing changes to ensure Fraud Policy is appropriate and fair to customer s needs. Placing TCF Principles at the centre of the fraud policy development process and thereby providing recommendations for enhancement to fraud policy and decisioning infrastructure through application of the fraud policy change process to the appropriate governance groups. To be considered you will have previous experience and expertise in fraud risk systems and process design. You will also have experience across the fraud risk lifecycle from prevention, detection, response to reporting. This role requires extensive interaction with senior management, therefore excellent stakeholder management and communication skills are essential.