Title: Administration and Finance Officer
Webindex: 70756290
Company: CRIPPLEGATE FOUNDATION
Description: Cripplegate Foundation is a highly successful, independent London grant giving charity. We spend about 1.8m a year on grants to organisations and local residents. We work in Islington to address poverty and inequality. Our grants make a real difference to people’s lives. We publish research on our programmes and Islington. We are leading a new initiative – Islington Giving which aims to raise 3m over 3 years for Islington – see www.islingtongiving.org.uk. Your Role We are looking for a talented administrator to provide vital support to Cripplegate Foundation and Islington Giving and help us develop our systems. The Administration and Finance Officer is crucial to our very busy and friendly office of 8 people. Working in a small organisation, you are responsible for the smooth running of our office. The role is diverse, and includes efficient office management, financial administration, publicity and events. You are the first point of contact with applicants and visitors. Your day can range from talking to people about how to apply for a grant to helping to organise events. Working closely with the Finance Manager, you will maintain the financial administration for Cripplegate Foundation. No two days will be the same. You will have the opportunity to meet the groups we fund and develop your skills and role at the Foundation. Our new fundraising initiative, Islington Giving, is raising the profile of Islington. You will have opportunities to develop social media and to help run high profile events. You will be given training on specialist data bases and software. Person specification Essential The ability to manage a varied workload to competing deadlines Excellent IT skills with demonstrable experience of working with Advanced Word, Excel, Access, Microsoft Office applications and databases at an advanced level. Excellent written and spoken English Numerate with basic book keeping skills Strong and confident communication skills Excellent interpersonal skills Selfmotivated with strong organisational skills and attention to detail and accuracy An understanding of the key role played by support services in enabling frontline staff to deliver their work An awareness of the voluntary sector An excellent team player Ability to learn quickly Commitment to the values of Cripplegate Foundation Desirable Experience of social media Experience and knowledge of using Wordpress Ability to support other staff in the use of IT systems Closing date for applications: **** noon Friday 8th February 2013 Interviews: Wednesday 13th February 2013