Title: Subscriptions Analsyt
Webindex: 72132360
Company: Goodman Masson
Description: This is a fantastic role in a fantastic Media Brand based in central London The role requires an immediate start and it is predicted to last 6 months. You will support the Business Controller in providing financial guidance and advice to the Director of Consumer Revenues and Senior team in order to help build a long term cost efficient and sustainable subscriptions business and act as first point of contact for all financial aspects in relation to Subscriber and other subs areas within remit. Assist in the delivery of activity based (ABM/ABC) budgets, forecasts and Medium Term Plans (MTP) in line with timelines and standards. You will be responsible for all month end deliverables, this includes building and processing any necessary journals / accruals /prepayments, month end commentary and preparing management accounts for review with the business. The subscriber Analyst will look after the accounting for print and mobile subscriptions which includes the Subscriber product (print only and Digital bundles) and the Direct delivery Scheme. It also covers our Kindle, iPad, iPhone and Android app products. You will monitor and guide management on pricing, costing, subscriber innovation, bundling options, cross selling, campaign acquisition analysis and all corporate governance requirements. Work with the Consumer Revenues department to develop a life time value model for our subscriptions business They are looking for a highly commercial candidate that can develop ways to measure the marketing investment against customer activity. You will have advanced excel with the ability to manage existing devise new and streamline models and KPIs and be able to conceptualise complex business models. Competency in Financial Modelling is a prerequisite for the role You will be technically able to manipulate data through segmentation and profiling and be able to use this information to measure and drive customer acquisition, retention, profitability etc Consumer Media Subscription P L experience If you fit the criteria please get in touch and send through your CV for our consideration Interviews have begun so HURRY Goodman Masson is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Goodman Masson is an equal opportunities employer.