Title: C Developer  WPF  Winforms  GUI
Webindex: 68100965
Description: C GUI Developer Front Office WPF Winforms Hays Ft have been engaged by the futures front office IT team of an investment bank to assist in the attraction and recruitment of a highly skilled C Developer with exceptional C, WPF and Winforms experience gained within a Front Office trading environment. Ideally you will have experience developing trading system user interfaces with an Equities, Futures or Options. This is a great opportunity to be involved in cutting edge technology and be involved in Next Generation Trading Systems Development The successful candidate will be involved in Develop components for our highly customizable/high performance user interface that supports multiple asset classes. Contribute to architecture and technology decisions that will allow building fully scalable high performance system. Collaborate with the global team to maintain an offering consistent with regional business requirements and standards. Provide third line support for support team to assist with investigations and share application specific knowledge Expected to own problems and drive through solutions. Participate in the ongoing innovation and design and development of the next generation platform. Work closely with other IT teams to promote common design and implementation practices and reuse of technology. Person Requirements Very strong track record and experience of desktop applications using C/Winforms/WPF Experience of development of trading system user interfaces preferred. Experience of working in equities, options, futures, etc based trading systems preferred (one area is sufficient). Bestpractice development skills, appropriate use of design patterns and testdriven development Strong development experience of working with multithread applications that can support a large user base. Understanding / some exposure to backend systems is a big plus. The candidate should be a gogetter who considers the quality of his/her work as a direct reflection on himself/herself. Candidates whose experience has been primarily on ASP and web development will most likely not be considered.