Title: Regulatory control change project manager
Webindex: 68063208
Company: cer Financial
Description: Looking for a regulatory control change project manager to work in London on a permanent basis. Job Purpose: The individual will assist in leading oversight of the change management program for EMEA Regulatory Control The individual will assist in leading a team responsible for working with Compliance, Operations and the business in implementing Business Critical Internal and Regulatory led changes, reviewing changes to business flows evaluating impact to the regulatory functions the team supports including Transaction Reporting Client Money / Assets and Counterparty Risk. Strategic regulatory change will be effected by this individual through their involvement in the creation of new regulatory platforms. The individual will work with Operations, Legal, Compliance and Business to develop business requirements and test requirements across all relevant product lines and businesses to ensure regulatory compliance. The individual will ensure a strong level of documentation for all changes. The Successful Candidate: Team player who works well with colleagues of all levels in achieving valueadded results. The ideal candidate should have extensive banking experience with strong product, front to back and technical knowledge. Strong analytical skills with the confidence to raise issues. Ability to build productive working relationships across Operations, Compliance, Technology and Audit (internal and external). Ability to interpret issues raised and summarise the salient points to senior management and other stakeholders. Proven experience developing creative solutions to problems; Good organisational skills, flexible approach with ability to prioritise. Ability to consistently deliver work of a high standard whilst under pressure. Understand impact of external factors (e.g. regulatory changes) on departmental strategy Understand the front to back technology used within the section. Proven track record of managing temporary and permanent members of staff in review and resolution of business and personnel issues. Selfstarter, able to work on initiative and organise themselves well. Good interpersonal communication skills which will be required for both internal and external business partners. Able to build effective working relationships quickly and maintain them. Ability to communicate ideas at a high level for management and at the detailed level for staff. Accuracy and attention to detail imperative. Good communication skills with the ability to be assertive in terms of regulations and procedures. Strong influencing and negotiation skills. Service orientated, proactive and accountable.