Title: Flexible Benefits Client Services Manager
Webindex: 69986424
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: A leading Financial Services company are looking to recruit a Flexible Benefits Client Services Manager to join it's expanding Surrey based team. The Role Reporting to the operations director, the successful applicant will be expected to manage all day to day support and administration operations. Key responsibilities include: To manage all day to day internal external support operations within the business. Act as Support 'Account Manager' to the Support business partners with a drive to provide a quality service. Proactively provide KPI reporting of support stats for clients and business partners. Work with the team to hold monthly support update conference calls with Licensees to ensure that they are receiving a quality service. Oversee Manage support case allocations within the business using the relevant resource available. Provide regular reporting to the business of all support activity. Proactively manage support feedback with clients and business partners. Provide support issue classification as to the reason for internally generated support cases (bad practice / poor requirements, etc.) Drive improvement initiatives following this analysis. Develop Sales force CRM tool for use within support with focus on providing a client end portal for support case management and knowledge management Play an active part in all admin service implementations and renewals to ensure the remap of Client specific requirements into the company service models client specific requirements. During the implementation phase be an active part of any client specific items such as payroll provider reporting. Ensuring that Admin services and implementation work together to produce quality documentation and process flow when incorporating bespoke requirements. Responsible for member event processing, scheme event processing and query resolution. Accountable for delivering service at the required level of quality in accordance with client and internal SLAs, meeting legislative and industry conduct code requirements. Responsible for data management including clients' HRIS, provider and payroll processing files, and for data extracts. Ensures that the staffing mix is optimised taking into account delivery requirement, staff experience, cost and risk, ensure that inadequate performers are identified and managed and achievers are properly recognised Ensures that people are effectively hired and managed including coaching, training, development, succession planning, compensation management, and performance planning. Responsible for achieving desired levels of staff engagement, implementing initiatives to improve engagement, if below. Hold regular **** meetings with all team members and set objectives in accordance with key business drivers Articulates company business vision and objectives Instils customer centric culture within the Client services team The Person Candidates will only be considered if they have a comprehensive understanding of flex products, the market and the mechanisms by which there are delivered, including technology, pricing, operations and organisation. It is also advantageous if candidates are educated to a degree level, with a relevant professional qualification. At least five years' relevant experience within a flex administration and or support team. Proven track record of successful service delivery. Proven project management experience. Proven people management track record. Experience of change management The Benefits Generous benefits are associated with this role including free parking, pension and use if gym. PRL****  Flexibile Benefits Client Services Manager is only one of many vacancies we are handling. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FlexibleBenefitsClientServicesManager_job****