Title: Client Support  Employee Benefits
Webindex: 68683350
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: A leading financial company, based in the Bromsgrove area, are seeking an experienced Employee Benefits Administrator to join their expanding team. The successful candidate will have had previous Employee Benefits experience and ideally a financial services background. The Role Maintaining regular contact with clients by telephone, email and letter; Attending client meetings as required; Assisting the CRM and CAM in the preparation of reports and collating information for reports covering technical matters and advice; Checking of work prepared by others in the team; Analysing information and assisting in preparing recommendations of appropriate solutions for clients; Assisting in the arranging of 'beauty parades'; In conjunction the CRMs and CAMs, agreeing specifications of services, deadline and remuneration with clients; Delivering agreed services in accordance with agreed time schedules and budget with each allocated client; Preparing invoices for issuing to clients, checking WIP; Maintaining records in accordance with internal guidelines and procedures; Clients are based throughout the UK, the Client Support role requires reasonable flexibility in working hours from time to time and occasional travel to other offices and client premises. Members of the Client Support team will have frequent contact with clients regarding telephone, will attend meetings with clients as required and some travelling may be involved in this regard. The above is intended to describe the general nature and responsibilities of the role and is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties or responsibilities of employees in this role. The Person Good academic record including Maths English to GCSE (minimum grade C) Familiarity with IT systems is required, in particular Excel with some Word and PowerPoint skills. It would be an advantage to have some relevant financial services background and experience. Encouraged supported to qualify in Financial Planning exams to Certificate or Diploma level. The Benefits Generous benefits package including pension, salary of up to ****k PMN****  Client Support  Employee Benefits is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClientSupportEmployeeBenefits_job****