Title: Tax Senior  mixed role
Webindex: 68703909
Company: Alexander Kaye Recruitment Ltd
Description: Tax Senior ****  Benefits Our client is a wellrespected practice based Lincoln. They are seeking an experienced tax professional to report directly to the Tax Partner. Depending on your experience and knowledge you could be responsible for a number of junior staff. This will be an extremely varied tax role combining a mixture of both personal and corporate tax work. The position will be both compliance and advisory based. If at this stage you have only done compliance and would like to be more client facing our client is happy to give the training and suppport to give you the opportunity to grow into a more advisory based role. The successful candidate will have strong taxation knowledge gained in practice. ATT or CTA would be useful, study support is offered if you would like to pursue a qualification. Suit professional individual with a friendly personality who enjoys working as part of a team. This is a great role in a company with a low staff turnover and lovely working environment. We are happy to speak to candidates interested in this role in or out of office hours. Key words: Semi Senior/Tax Assistant/Tax Manager/Roles in taxation/Lincoln/Boston/Sleaford/Newark/Nottingham/Bingham Alexander Kaye work across Nottingham, Derby, Lincolnshire, Leicester, Burton and Mansfield. We work with a large selection of practices from Top 10 firms to small partnerships. Recruiting across the board from AAT Trainee, SemiSenior, to Audit Manager and Partner/Director level. You wouldn’t accept just any old job. So why trust just any old recruitment consultancy? Whether you’re looking to progress your career or are taking your first step on the financial career ladder, you need the support of consultants who’ll find you your ideal job. People who’ll spend time with you to get to understand what makes you tick, what you want and, just as important, what you don’t want. People who appreciate the nuances in your skills and the value of your experience. People who have the technical expertise to speak your language. At Alexander Kaye Recruitment, we have a very simple philosophy. The more we get to know you, the more suitable the position we can recommend for you. So we invest serious time with you to gain a more rounded picture of you and your goals. This means you can be sure that the role we recommend for you will suit not only your personality, but it will fit your long term career goals  whether you’re looking to be a Bookkeeper, Trainee Accountant, Tax Accountant, Senior Auditor or even a Partner. The Alexander Kaye Recruitment team is proud of the successful placements we achieve, and we’d love to do the same for you. Alexander Kaye Recruitment Limited is proud to be sponsors of CIOT for the East Midlands Please visit our website for many new practice jobs: www.alexanderkaye.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TaxSeniormixedrole_job****