Title: Field Agents
Webindex: 71851606
Company: resolvecall
Description: resolvecall is a major UK debt collection agency and, due to a rapid expansion, we are urgently recruiting field agents, across the country, to join our successful team of agents. This is a field based role and you will be required to visit customers, both residential and commercial, for the purposes of resolving unpaid bills and or to collate information regarding the customer through routine enquiries. You will be required to assist our clients in reengaging with their customers and may be required to collect payments offering various payment options and schemes on their behalf. You will also be required to attend court in order to obtain warrants and will work with 3rd parties (locksmith and qualified gas and electrical engineers) to carry out a warrant visit where an engineer will remove a gas/electrical meter and install a pre payment meter. Our Agents are target driven and work on a salary and performance related bonus/commission structure.All agents are required to travel as and when required which may involve the occasional overnight stay away from home. Applicants must be flexible with regards to the hours of work and must possess strong communication and negotiation skills with the ability to show empathy whilst being assertive. You will be required to produce a **** year work history for referencing purposes and MUST own a reliable car as well as a computer and printer . In return you will be rewarded with: A competitive basic salary Performance related commission 29 days annual leave (inclusive of public holidays) Healthcare cover (After probation) Pension (After probation) Death in Service (After probation) You may have experience in Debt Collection/Recovery, Field Sales, Bailiff/Sheriff Officer or may be looking for a new challenge……. whatever the experience, full training will be given. Please send your CV and covering Letter to hawkeyeresolvecall.co.uk and note in subject heading – ‘Field Agent’ and your home postcode. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldAgents_job****