Title: Commercial Insurance Broker
Webindex: 68668685
Company: Yolk Recruitment
Description: Profile Yolk Recruitment specialise in recruiting for a wide range of businesscritical commercial positions. We source candidates with a proven track record of sales achievement and work with clients that will deliver on your career aspirations. The Client Our Client is a customer focused business on the outskirts of Cardiff . They are looking for a Commercial Broker to join their team due to the business expanding. Key Responsibilities Contact warm leads to provide Commercial, Professional Indemnity, Property Owners and High Net Worth Insurance quotations. Provide a consistent world class level of customer service on an individualised basis. Follow policies and procedures to ensure all quotations are provided efficiently and effectively. Generation of Leads from current Introducers. Aiding with the Retention of the Commercial, Professional Indemnity, Property Owners and High Net Worth client. Handling of Inbound calls for Insurance Quotations, queries and adjustments Follow up customer enquires with clerical duties which can include email, fax and mid term adjustments. Key Personal Attributes: Desirable of minimum 2 years commercial experience in an Insurance company or Broking position. Passion and motivation to grow the business through lead generation, winning business and helping to meet our Introducers’ needs. Confident communicator that is able to strike up conversation with clients, identifying needs and helping to provide solutions through the panel of Insurers. Ability to organise, prioritise and manage own workload effectively whilst working as an individual and as part of a team. Ability to communicate effectively with internal and external customers to form effective working relationships. Good knowledge and understanding of Microsoft Office packages and good typing skills. Cert CII will be beneficial Rewards Basic salary ********  bonuses This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialInsuranceBroker_job****