Title: Finance Admninistrator
Webindex: 72438932
Company: Aston Wade
Description: Finance Administrator  High Wycombe  ****K Ideally to start week commencing 21st Jan 2013 This is a great opportunity to work for a successful forward thinking business in High Wycombe as a Finance Administrator. This role will be reporting directly to the Finance Manager where you will support accounting activities. Customer related responsibilities will include Sales Invoices, collections and banking. Supplier related responsibilities will include purchase Invoices along with general accounts duties. Responsibilities: Process for Sales Invoices: Job number update of 'Sales Book'. Check Sales Orders paperwork including cost sheet information. Manage communication in handover from Sales rep to purchasing stage; including credit checking; signing off, tackling and resolving any problems or concerns and settingup on Sage. UpFront Invoice: An UpFront Invoice is prepared or if nothing is to be invoiced up front, the Cost Sheet will be filed by Finance Administrator in PENDING until such time as the Invoice is requested to be raised. Invoice Raised: The Sales Person and/or Project Manager will indicate to the Finance team when the Invoice can be sent (Invoices are generated using the Job Costing module in SAGE) C ollections : Monthly Statement raised, Run off the Aged Analysis, Invoice chasing and collections via phone, email and letter. Ba nking : Processing received payments via cheque, BACS, CHAPS, or Credit card. Updating of SAGE Database. Deposits at bank on daily basis. Purchases : Reconcile delivery notes with invoices and update on SAGE database in the Job Costing Module. Complete hardcopy filing. Payments: Administrating payments on Supplier Account, Proforma or credit card. Expenses: Reconciling of employee expenses on Credit Card, Cash Expenses. Reconciling with job allocation, checking against statements Skills: At least 2 years experience in a Financial role Attention to detail and methodical in record keeping Flexible working methods; able to react quickly to changes and multi task under pressure Excellent financial skills and aptitude with figures Possess excellent interpersonal skills and be able to communicate effectively with people at all levels Meticulous and proven organisational skills Aston Wade is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAdmninistrator_job****