Title: IVA Drafter
Webindex: 68667536
Company: Benjamin James Consultancy
Description: About the Job Experienced Insolvency Drafter required to work for my client based from their offices in Bury, Manchester. Would you like to be part of an award winning, fast growing Financial Services Group?? As a result of expansion they have vacancies for IVA Drafters to join their busy head office team.? Department Overview My client are licenced Insolvency Practitioners and are an established company that with just over 8 years of trading has establishing itself as one of the top 10 IVA/Finance companies in the UK (which can be seen in a lot of press articles and industry publications), producing an average of **** IVAs per month.? They are part of a well established group of companies including the award winning debt management company.? They receive a steady flow of IVAs and as such they are looking for experienced Insolvency professionals to join the business as they grow and develop further.? The Company is responsible for the complete process of an IVA from pre appointment to creditor meetings and post appointment management of cases.? The Role Conduct Welcome Call and collate information for client file Point of contact for client prior to creditor meeting Send first letter pack to client inc letter of authority and standing order Liaise with creditors in writing and via telephone and process any legal paperwork i.?e.? County Court claims etc if necessary Draft proposals/? Trust Deeds Forward final proposals to Insolvency Practitioner/?Team Leader for review Send proposal to client for signing Process returned signed proposal and set creditor meeting dates Prepare creditor meeting pack to be forwarded to creditors and to the court Ensure statutory deadlines are met Accurate record keeping Liaising with debt management department regarding IVAs Candidate Qualities Experience of working within an insolvency company in the last 12 months, dealing with personal insolvency including self employed cases Trust Deeds.? Experience of formal insolvency procedures.? Confident in English and Scottish Insolvency Laws/?procedures Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills.? An inquisitive and analytical approach with a keen eye for detail and excellent report writing skills.? Relevant insolvency qualifications or qualified by experience would be desirable.? In addition to relevant technical experience, candidates will need to be committed, proactive and passionate about delivering the best possible service to clients.? Ability to deal with a high volume of cases ensuring all deadlines are met.? GCSE or equivalent Math's and English grade A  C.? The Company My client offer a range of financial solutions from Bank Accounts to Debt Management and Financial Compensation Claims.? There are currently **** companies within the Group with approximately **** employees.? All of the Companies within the group offer unrivalled opportunities for career growth and earning potential.? If you relish the opportunity of working in an exciting atmosphere, and have the ability to shine in a key role please send your CV details by clicking on the apply button below.? Get Recruited (UK) Ltd are operating as an employment agency in relation to this role, authorised by our client. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/IVADrafter_job****