Title: SSAS Pensions Administrator
Webindex: 68380312
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: Our client is currently seeking to recruit a Part time SSAS Administrator with particular reference to retirement administration. This is an excellent opportunity to join the business at an important time of growth for the company. In this fantastic role you be responsible for the management of retired members and their pensions (including PAYE), support the chief book keeper in monitoring day to day activities through bank reconciliations etc, support the pensions administration manager in ensuring member documentation is complete and correct and participate in relevant projects and in the general day to day activities of the office. With a strong level of accuracy you will complete all work to a high standard, including preparing data for Trustees. Computer literate, with excellent numeracy skills, you will be able to produce calculations both on the system and manually. To be considered you should ideally be conversant in drawdown and the related tax rules and to have some experience of bookkeeping. Previous knowledge of the RPSM, read the tax legislation and make technical analyses of nonstandard situations would also be beneficial. We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.