Title: Fund Accountant, Real Estate Fund Management, 12 month Contract
Webindex: 67055194
Company: Trident
Description: Fund Accountant, Real Estate Fund Management. Our Client , an expanding real estate investment manager is currently seeking an experienced Fund Accountant to fill a maternity cover for a year. The Role : Working within their prestigious accounting team and reporting to the Fund Accounts Manager. For this allround Fund Accountant position you will be required to fulfil the following duties, however will not be limited to: Preparing various monthly reports for the allocated fund including and any joint venture reporting and producing NAVs. Preparing cash flow reporting. Maintaining the spreadsheets related to the production of NAVs. Liaising with Trustee and paying fund costs when due. Tracking invoices and working with the managing agents for payments. Additional duties will also include posting of journals, cash management and bank reconciliations. Liaising with the managing agents with regards to any issues / queries around affecting the accounts. The Person: To apply you MUST have recent Fund Accounting experience gained from a Property /Real Estate organisation. Experience of doubleentry bookkeeping and general property investment accounting is also a must . You will possess very strong Excel skills and experience of another accounting package such as Sun Accounts will be highly advantageous. An accounting qualification would be desirable, however, not essential. This is an exceptional opportunity to work with for a company who have been very 'active' in the property industry even during the downturn in the market. Please visit our website (www.tridentint.com ) to view all our vacancies. Follow us on Twitter at (www.twitter.com/Tridentint) or connect with us on LinkedIn at (www.linkedin.com/company/tridentinternationalassociates?trkhb_tab_compy_id_****) or like us on Facebook (www.facebook.com/pages/TridentInternationalAssociates/****) Please note that due to volume we cannot get back to everyone, however every application is looked at and considered and will be held on Trident International's database for review. If you have not heard back from us within **** working days you should assume your initial application has been unsuccessful, however if suitable roles arise in the future we will make every effort to contact you.