Title: INSURANCE CLAIMS MANAGER, CROYDON
Webindex: 67956248
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: Insurance Claims Manager, Croydon. This is an excellent opportunity for someone with excellent and extensive Insurance / Warranty Claims Management experience to take the role of Insurance Claims Manager at our client’s automotive business based in Croydon. THE COMPANY Our clients are experts in the field of vehicle rescue, recovery and repair and have a fleet of **** vehicles on the road at one time. Their Company ethic is to provide a quality service delivered with courtesy and this has ensured the continued success of their business which has gone from strength to strength. THE ROLE As an Insurance Claims Manager, you will be responsible for liaising with the insurance companies and brokers, providing a professional, efficient and proactive warranty claims service to customers that reflects Company brand values. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES • Telephone response – handling all incoming calls in a polite, efficient and proactive manner. • Assessing claims in a timely manner whilst ensuring Department and Client objectives are met. • Liaising with the insurance companies, ensuring that warranties are valid and that the claim requested is covered by the warranty. • Approving valid claims and recording details. THE PERSON For this role of Insurance Claims Manager, you will have / be: • Previous Insurance Claims and Warranty Management experience. • PC literate with practical working knowledge of Microsoft packages. • Excellent telephone manner and letter writing ability. • Self motivated team player who is organised with strong administration skills. • Displaying a flexible and diplomatic approach. • Ability to remain calm under pressure whilst working to deadlines. • Ability to build and maintain relationships at all levels. THE PACKAGE INCLUDES: • A basic salary in the range of **** to **** per annum, depending on experience benefits. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Insurance Claims Manager will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full, clean UK Driving Licence Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Insurance, Claims, Warranty, Automotive,