Title: Project Manager  London c****k
Webindex: 71445830
Company: Sue Hayes Actuarial
Description: Managing the delivery of high quality projects which span over multiple business areas within the environment and ensuring that the project objectives and business requirements are met. bull; Applying and adhering to the Project Management principles and processes and ensuring that they are effectively applied throughout the lifecycle of the project, through to project closure and operational handover. bull; Effective resolution of issues. bull; Supporting, guiding, motivating and facilitating the project teams through the project processes. bull; Identification and management of risks and opportunities. bull; Communication of project progress to management and project stakeholders. The ideal candidate will have: nbsp; bull; A sound knowledge of project management theory, and the key areas of project management. bull; Ability to grasp concepts of a technical nature quickly, with a sound understanding of the underlying business environment. bull; Ability to multitask, managing several projects concurrently. bull; The ability to understand the big picture and strategic objectives, displaying organisational sensitivity. bull; The ability to take ownership and display high levels of responsibility and initiative. bull; Excellent communication skills, both formal and informal. bull; Ability to manage people, with strong interpersonal and relationship building skills. bull; Excellent facilitation and presentation skills. bull; Strong negotiation skills. bull; A person who possesses strong leadership traits, who can work with a minimum of supervision. bull; A high level of maturity and ability to handle oneself under pressure. bull; A methodical problem solver with the ability to motivate and influence others to deliver according to tight deadlines. bull; A positive person who embraces challenges, with a strong desire for goal achievement. bull; An even tempered individual with a high degree of self confidence, integrity and professionalism. bull; An eagerness to organise and lead, showing discipline and pragmatism, drive and a sense of urgency. bull; An enthusiasm for continuous learning and professional development. bull; Assertiveness coupled with flexibility and adaptability. bull; A quality orientation with acute attention to detail. bull; A tertiary education (preferably a Degree or Diploma). bull; A formal Project Management Diploma / Training course is preferential. bull; At least three years of dedicated Project Management experience is required, preferable with Systems Development experience. nbsp; Please call **** **** **** for more information First established in 1987 Sue Hayes Actuarial Recruitment Consultants was the first ever recruitment consultancy to specialise solely in the actuarial sector www.suehayesactuarial.com nbsp;