Title: C++ Developer  HFT  Prop Trading
Webindex: 69088357
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment
Description: C++ Developer  High Frequency Trading You will be a key member of the integrated technology team of an autonomous highfrequency proprietary trading desk, working on critical systems in a rapidly evolving live trading environment. For this C++ Development job, we are looking for a real technical expert with a deep lowlevel technical understanding of computer system architecture, networking and the lowlevel functionality of Linux. You will have exceptional academics, with a first class degree in Computer Science from a leading university and ideally further education MSc/PhD The team's applications comprise a collection of multiprocess, distributed applications running on Linux and communicating using proprietary protocols. These include low latency direct market data and execution systems. Your job will include software design, development, testing, deployment and maintenance as well as live production support during trading hours. You will have shared responsibility for the team's software and be trusted with its smooth running and continued improvement. You will be expected to be proactive in this regard. Your job will exercise your problem solving skills and technical expertise. Your job will involve you in the planning and organisation of infrastructure. Your job may include some element of infrequent but occasional outofhours remote checks/tests or assistance (e.g. for exchange system upgrades). You may also be involved with systems to support strategy research, helping to ensure high levels of data quality, and this may include custom data gathering and analysis. Key Words: Java developer, C++ Developer, Low Level, Low Latency, HFT, High frequency Trading, Prop Trading, Red Brick, Core Java. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk