Title: HQ Financial Controller
Webindex: 71838363
Company: Global Accounting Network
Description: This large multinational FTSE Listed compay is looking for a Internal Financial Controller to support the Global Finance Team its corporate HQ in Essex. Main duties initially a team of 4, reducing to ****  outsourced provider.  Process mapping and design to ensure efficient and effective processes are transitioned across to the Group’s outsourced provider during 2013.  Manage the systems transfer from SUN/Excel to Peoplesoft for the Head Office entities including systems set up, data migration and testing, and process design and review.  Manage the transition process for the UK Head Office companies, including training, people support and onsite assistance as required, with support from the change management team.  Ongoing liaison with the Group’s outsourced provider after the transition process, being the key link within the retained organisation.  Accurate and timely payment of settlements across the Head Office companies including working with Group Treasury on processing of settlements from the Treasury entities.  Liaise with outsourced provider on the preparation of VAT returns for Head Office entities.  Manage the receipt and payment of intercompany interest (calculated by Group Treasury) on balances due from/to the Head Office entities.  Liaising with 3rd party accounting offices to ensure the accurate bookkeeping and record keeping for offshore finance entities.  Ongoing liaison with Tax, Treasury and Group Finance in relation to the UK Head Office companies, including legal entity restructuring, distributable dividend analysis, foreign exchange accounting and intercompany reconciliation.  Preparation/review of UK statutory accounts for relevant entities and liaison with Auditors on these entities.  Preparation, issuance and pursuit of settlement of the Group wide recharge arrangements including management charges, insurance charges. The ideal candidate will have good academics, ACCA or ACA qualified with 5 years PQE. They must have worked for similar size blue chip companies for long periods of time and have demonstrated clear progression within their current or previous roles. This individual must have technical reporting skills, coupled with multisite consolidation reporting. Strong IT skills and have the desire and skill set to improve processes and systems. Expereince of Peoplesoft financial software is essential. They must be a strong team player and leader (as deputising other senior members of the team may be necessary). Hard work, passion and dedication are highly rewarded within this role, which is looking to interview very soon so applications need to be submitted ASAP.