Title: SSAS Administrator
Webindex: 67299702
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: My client is currently looking for an experienced SSAS Administrator to join their team in North Manchester. THE JOB Analysing income and expenditure on pension scheme accounts and pension scheme investments. Dealing with property administration, such as rental reviews, property insurance, new leases, lease expiries and property development. Complete a series of procedures and routines to ensure the accurate and timely transaction of customer letters, telephone calls, claims or applications. Ensure that records are updated and completed for all transactions to meet Company requirements and maintain the integrity of our database and client records, ensuring regulatory deadlines are met. Resolve queries/issues by telephone or letter, by reference to established frameworks and procedures. The role will also involve liaising with other departments within the Company, requesting information and chasing progress. THE PERSON Administrative experience and familiarity with office routines (at Core level, ideally some financial or customer services experience is preferred, at Central level we would expect pensions experience, and Comprehensive level should have good SSAS or SIPP experience Empathy with customers and colleagues Good at working to deadlines and progress chasing Keyboard skills and literate in the standard IT programmes Numerate  able to carry out manual calculations as required Articulate  letter writing skills to include good spelling and grammar Good communication skills  listening skills and telephone skills, selfconfidence Organised and systematic, with an analytical approach to problem solving Flexible, professional and committed EDUCATION Minimum **** GCSEs at C or above including Maths and English and previous work experience For more information please contact Graeme Hyland on (Apply online only) or email Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful