Title: Credit & Regulatory Reporting Analyst
Webindex: 71629984
Description: To undertake analysis of transactions/counterparties submitted to the Risk Management Department by the business areas of the bank for approval and form a credit opinion in a timely manner; To play an active role in the development, update and review of regulatory processes and reporting (including ICAAP, ILAA and RRP processes) in order to ensure that these continue to meet the bank's requirements. Analyse transactions/counterparties described in applications submitted by all areas of the bank in order to identify and mitigate risks. Ensure that internal capital and liquidity adequacy processes (and related systems and reporting) and allied recovery and resolution plans remain current and relevant in the light of the bank's changing business requirements and an evolving regulatory framework. Relationship management of allocated watch list and criticised assets including liaising with thirdparties, as necessary, in order to formulate and implement an appropriate action plan. Provide the Head of Risk Management and Risk Committee with advice on all creditrelated matters, including recommendations on transactions above signature level. Assist with administrative matters relating to the weekly Risk Committee meeting, including preparation of papers and production of the minutes. Assist in the development of the the bank's credit guidelines and process including capital and liquidity stress testing and scenario analysis. Ensure that all transactions are compliant with policy and procedures. Production of weekly and monthly credit reports. Familiarity with credit risk rating methodology and systems. Provide guidance on industry, sector and creditspecific developments relating to the bank's principal business areas. Undertake adhoc projects/assignments as required.To comply with money laundering policies and procedures and to immediately report any suspicions to the MLRO. To advise senior management and/or Compliance of regulatory breaches. To maintain the standards expected of a FSA Approved Person (where applicable). Who we re looking for Strong exposure gained within at least one of the bank's principal business areas  UK residential and commercial property finance  corporate and leveraged transactions  private banking loan products Welldeveloped analytical and stress testing skills Strong interpersonal skills Good communication skills Selfmotivated and selfconfident Organised and logical thinking Ability to deliver against deadlines Ability to express clearly and justify opinions and recommendations Versatile and supportive Ability to deal with people at all levels Team player with a common sense approach Competent PC skills and familiarity with Management Information Systems including ALM, regulatory capital and scenario analysis. A degree or equivalent would be advantageous. Relevant professional qualifications. About our client Well established International corporate bank What s on offer Excellent Remuneration Package