Title: Private Clients Insurance Account Handler
Webindex: 70251621
Company: Orbis Resourcing
Description: JOB OBJECTIVE: To offer a comprehensive insurance service to existing and potential new customers.This will involve providing quotations on all types of General Insurance via the telephone, face to face or in writing, placing cover when instructed, inviting and confirming renewals, dealing with midterm adjustments and providing assistance with claims issues when appropriate. Role:Private Clients Account Handler Location:Ealing Salary:****  ****  Bonus DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  Provide new business quotations for all classes of General Insurance on request, providing relevant advice, information and guidance.  Take instructions from new clients, ensuring cover commences at the correct time, and all paperwork and premium is collected. Where Private Car or Household insurance products are placed with an insurer issue all the clients relevant paperwork to the client including the Certificate of Insurance and Policy Schedule, and the correct policy document.  Take instructions from existing customers in respect of alterations to current policies.  Offer renewal of existing clients’ policies with current insurer or move to new insurer, as appropriate.  Managing the personal lines diary system ensuring all items are followed up by the due dates.  Check thoroughly all client documentation before despatch.  Assist customers with enquiries relating to claims  Provide risk advice/risk management/risk prevention information on both Commercial Motor and NonMotor risks to customers, in conjunction with Underwriters, as appropriate. KNOWLEDGE: The job requires a thorough knowledge of:  The FSA Handbook in relation to the administering of General Insurance  The principles, practices and legalities of all major classes of General Insurance and in particular, insurable interest, utmost good faith, indemnity, contribution, average and subrogation.  The UK General Insurance market in Personal Insurances.  Underwriting and rating factors, and how these are applied in relation to all major classes of Personal insurance.  The range of Personal Lines products offered by the Company and the handling procedures for each of them(Motor Household). This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrivateClientsInsuranceAccountHandler_job****