Title: Semi Senior Accountant upto ****  Study
Webindex: 72240023
Company: Alexander Kaye Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client is a small friendly practice seeking to recruit an AAT/ACCA Trainee into the firm. The practice offers great training/study support/career prospects. The role will be varied covering: Accounts preparation for Sole Traders, Partnerships and Limited Companies. VAT/TAX Returns Assiting on audits Ad hoc duties The successful person will have experience of working in practice and be able to prepare sets of accounts. Please do not apply to this role if you have previously not worked in practice. Alexander Kaye work across Nottingham, Derby, Lincolnshire, Leicester, Burton and Mansfield. We work with a large selection of practices from Top 10 firms to small partnerships. Recruiting across the board from AAT Trainee, SemiSenior, to Audit Manager and Partner/Director level. Our industry clients range from PLC’s to small OMB/SME’s – covering all areas from Financial Controller/Director to Credit Controller/Accounts Clerks. You wouldn’t accept just any old job. So why trust just any old recruitment consultancy? Whether you’re looking to progress your career or are taking your first step on the financial career ladder, you need the support of consultants who’ll find you your ideal job. People who’ll spend time with you to get to understand what makes you tick, what you want and, just as important, what you don’t want. People who appreciate the nuances in your skills and the value of your experience. People who have the technical expertise to speak your language. At Alexander Kaye Recruitment, we have a very simple philosophy. The more we get to know you, the more suitable the position we can recommend for you. So we invest serious time with you to gain a more rounded picture of you and your goals. This means you can be sure that the role we recommend for you will suit not only your personality, but it will fit your long term career goals  whether you’re looking to be a Bookkeeper, Trainee Accountant, Tax Accountant, Senior Auditor or even a Partner. The Alexander Kaye Recruitment team is proud of the successful placements we achieve, and we’d love to do the same for you. Alexander Kaye Recruitment Limited is proud to be sponsors of CIOT for the East Midlands Please visit our website for many new practice jobs: www.alexanderkaye.co.uk Register on our website to receive all new jobs directly to you inbox. FOLLOW US ON TWITTER FOR NEW JOBS AND CAREERS/SALARY NEWS This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SemiSeniorAccountantupto15000Study_job****