Title: Company Secretarial Assistant BLUC****
Webindex: 71745263
Company: Blue Octopus Recruitment
Description: Company Secretarial Assistant BLUC6153 Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire Salary up to **** per annum Our client is not only ranked as the ninth largest UK partnership by audit fee income, but they are also one of Europe s largest accounting firms with a huge global presence. An exciting and new opportunity has now arisen for a Company Secretarial Assistant to join their Milton Keynes office. The purpose of the role is to assist the Company Secretarial team in dealing with correspondence and the maintenance of statutory and compliance registers. You will be required to construct correspondence to clients and other agencies to enable preparation and maintenance of the client s Company Secretarial Records. Whilst assisting with the maintenance of computer based records detailing the status of each company, you will also be responsible for preparing annual returns and other forms for Companies House for the information provided using computer software. The successful Company Secretarial Assistant will be educated to GCSE level or equivalent in English Language and Maths at grade B or above and hold as a minimum 280 UCAS points (subjects are not important). You must possess strong organisational and communication skills, have an excellent attention to detail and be able to demonstrate computer literacy, with an understanding of Microsoft packages to include Word and Excel. Candidates who have knowledge of the maintenance of statutory records (training will be given if necessary) and who have an understanding of basic accounting practices are desirable however this is not essential. Our client is all about people they believe that each individual makes a difference to the company culture. If you re the sort of person who embraces a challenge and likes to work amongst a diverse team of people from different backgrounds, they could be the firm for you. This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email.