Title: IFAs required – London/Kent  Self Employed – Leads provided
Webindex: 72451556
Company: Tenet Group Ltd
Description: This well established firm has developed an enviable reputation in their field, offering clients a structured and comprehensive financial plan taking them from pre retirement right through to creating Estate Planning solutions. Clients are generated by an independent retirement seminar company with over **** year’s experience. The one day course is regarded as the market leader and generates a high level of well qualified enquiries. Their services and proposition are presented as part of the seminar. Clients are older, affluent professionals with high levels of household income and in receipt of a tax free lump sum. This coupled with a desire to plan retirement using their strategy means that the quality of enquiries is superb. Post RDR all businesses face the challenge as to how to profitably service their clients. Our client has created the infrastructure to support up to **** clients per adviser delivering first class service to the client and enhanced income to the adviser. Offering national coverage, an innovative approach and well established support systems whilst offering a secure and prosperous future. You will receive: Full induction support, training a genuine opportunity to build a quality client bank A generous commission/fee split Excellent comprehensive administration services a bespoke, in house report writing system to maximise your time with clients. Access to an effective centralised Investment and Client Servicing Proposition which will allow you increase your income opportunities. A high quality client management database a well structured client contact strategy Access to a whole of market offering designed to meet the challenges of a post RDR environment. We want to talk to you if you possess: A proven track record within your field and the ability to work under your own initiative Enthusiasm, drive and determination A focused, organised and logical approach with an understanding of technology Excellent client servicing ability and a commitment to deliver holistic financial advice IFAs should possess competent adviser status (CAS), have achieved Diploma with the commitment to meet the needs of servicing their clients pots RDR. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/IFAsrequiredLondonKentSelfEmployedLeadsprovided_job****