Title: HEAD OF STRATEGIC PLANNING
Webindex: 72373707
Company: Leeds Building Society
Description: HEAD OF STRATEGIC PLANNING To Six figure package Leeds Leeds Building Society is the UK's fifth largest society, with assets of **** billion and **** members. Unlike many other players in the financial services industry, we have a good story to tell. We have steered a careful path through the financial maelstrom, as is evidenced by a record number of members, an extremely healthy balance sheet, good levels of profitability and a highly efficient and cost effective operation. We also have a firm long term vision  to be Britain's most successful building society  and have developed a very clear strategy to achieve this. This is not simply a 'me too' approach, but instead one which seeks to build differentiated capabilities in our preferred markets, whilst focusing upon personal service, rather than just headline rate. Critically, it is a growth strategy, which again separates us from many other players in the industry. Underpinning all of this is our brand, which is highly trusted and should give us a distinct advantage over many major financial institutions, thus helping us to achieve our ambitions. With our vision and strategy in place, we now seek to recruit a Head of Strategic Planning to help maintain the already considerable forward momentum to our plans, by assisting the management team in further developing the Society's strategic approach to the marketplace. The role covers a broad remit which includes maintaining a clear picture of the external environment to inform business plans and the ongoing development of strategy; identifying and assessing M facilitating the ongoing development of strategic and associated implementation plans and providing an ad hoc research and analysis capability. Clearly this role requires substantial internal and external interaction with the Board, the management team, professional advisors and regulators. Candidates for this role must have conducted market and competitor analysis in support of an organisation's ongoing strategic development. They must also have supported the business planning process, by working across the business to assist in the development of the annual corporate plan and functional strategies and plans. Ideally, candidates will have either worked for a UK retail financial services organisation or had considerable experience of providing consultancy and/or advisory services to such organisations. This suggests that they might currently be working for a UK retail financial services organisation (in strategic analysis and planning, internal consultancy or financial planning and analysis); a large accountancy firm (in consultancy, financial planning and analysis or corporate finance/transaction services); a management consultancy; or a private equity house. A professional qualification such as an MBA or Accountancy is desirable. Above and beyond your experience, it is critical that you have the right personal approach. This means that you will possess a high degree of commercial awareness which includes the ability to exercise sound judgement and utilise superior decisionmaking skills, in order to develop strategies and tactics in the widest of possible contexts. Crucially, this approach will be combined with a firm understanding of the need to jointly develop solutions through building constructive working relationships, made stronger by the application of your highly credible and adaptable influencing and interpersonal skills. Underpinning all of this will be a real commitment and drive to achieve personal, team and business goals. This is an excellent opportunity to join an already successful organisation that is embarking upon a significant phase of its growth and development. Given the nature of the position and the chance to interface and influence at the highest executive and nonexecutive levels, this could prove to be a career defining role.