Title: Discretionary Shareplans Administrator
Webindex: 68692721
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: Administrator needed for FTSE 100 Share Plans Department  Discretionary Team Financial Services. We are one of the largest British companies in the world and are proud to be the number one provider of business process outsourcing in the UK. We provide highly renowned recruitment services and solutions to a variety of sectors and due to our consistent expansion, we require an Discretionary Plans Administrator in our Share Plan department in Beckenham, Kent. Team Overview We manage Executive and Discretionary Share Options and Awards for a number of external Clients. My team is one of the dedicated plan teams responsible for providing high standard of service to Executives and employees of FTSE 100 clients and other large UK and overseas firms. The day to day role involves dealing with various plan types including SIP and Discretionary /Executive share options and SAYE  Reviewing data files received from Clients in relation to Grant's of Awards/Options  Calculating awards based on various factors including headroom limits for Approved/Unapproved Awards  Creating Awards and Loading participant data into internal systems  Issuing certificates/award packs  Handling all leavers, scaling back awards in terms of scheme rules  Reconciling all monthly movements (Grants, Exercises, Lapses)  Creating monthly and quarterly reports  Working with Clients to create timetables for large Vesting's/Maturities  Create bulk Trading Spreadsheets  Create election logging documents  Create election forms  Issue maturity/vest documentation  Manage process of vesting with all participants ensuring paperwork and query responses are issued within SLA  Reviewing Critical Spreadsheets  Calculating awards and dividends  Issuing MIFID/Sales letters  Tax Returns Essential skills:  Advanced excel (VLOOKUP'S, Pivot tables, etc at a minimum), a  Advanced problem solving skills and be confident with numbers, and  Understanding about how shares work. (Knowledge on any type of employee plan would be beneficial)  Communicate effectively at all levels. If you feel you have the skills detailed above, who is looking for long term career progression and development, don't hesitate to apply today The successful applicant will be subject to a CRB and Credit Check due to it being an FSA regulated business. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DiscretionaryShareplansAdministrator_job****