Title: Lean Leader UK Flexible Locations
Webindex: 71189723
Company: RBS
Description: We're looking for a number of Lean Leaders to drive lead and support change across The Royal Bank of Scotland Group and make a significant contribution to the delivery of our short and long term business objectives. And you don't need to have financial services experience to apply We're also keen to speak to you if you've a manufacturing or pharmaceutical background. These roles can be based almost anywhere in the UK, so flexibility to travel is essential and you may also be required to work in one of our international offices. This means that you'll frequently require being away from home for four days a week. Business Services provides the services that keep RBS running, including Technology Services, Group Operations and Corporate Services. We put money in the ATMs, keep the Bank's technology systems operating, maintain the branch network, protect our customers from fraud, process millions of pounds of payments across the world and provide call centre and online services. We're also developing the new mobile banking technology, working environments for colleagues and strategies to stay ahead of the competition that are shaping the Group's future. The Lean programme plays a vital role in helping drive our strategy to rebuild the RBS Group to a position of standalone strength. Lean is transforming the Group's endtoend processes and supporting infrastructure, simplifying them and ensuring consistency across the Group. Through the application of Lean principles, we will deliver a deep and lasting change, truly focused on our customers' needs. As as Lean Leader you'll manage and coach a number of Lean Change Agents so you'll need to be able to demonstrate strong people leadership skills. You'll also work in close collaboration with the leadership team and employees within specific business areas, driving diagnostic, design and implementation of sustainable improvements in five key areas: Voice of Customer; Process Efficiency; Performance Management; Skills Organisation and Mindsets and Behaviours. As a Lean Leader, you'll be able to demonstrate indepth experience of leading and driving Lean deployment activities in an operations environment. You'll also need to have demonstrable skills and experience in: operations management; change management and leadership; training and coaching at senior management level and above and process redesign and improvement. In return, we offer an excellent employee salary and 30% cash and benefit funding programme which can be tailored to suit your individual needs. In addition to financial benefits, we offer a wide selection of exclusive lifestyle offers, development and learning programmes, services and support designed to help you manage and balance your own worklife priorities. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken. If you'd like to discuss this role in confidence please contact David Liddell on **** **** **** Did you know that RBS has won a number of awards as a top employer in the UK in 2012? Best Business Awards 'Best Employer', Business In The Community Top 10 'Ethnic Equality’ ‘Gender’, Working Families 'Top 10 Employer', Workingmums.co.uk Top Employer 'Employee Engagement’, The Times Top 50 ‘Where Women Want to Work’, The Times Top 100 'Graduate Employers’, and The Sunday Times 100 ‘Best Companies to Work For’. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeanLeaderUKFlexibleLocations_job****