Title: Claims Handler  North Yorkshire
Webindex: 68672695
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Claims Handler North Yorkshire ****k20k A respected independent brokerage in with offices across Yorkshire are looking to add an experienced claims handler to their large existing team. The Role The successful applicant will be responsible for managing claims on behalf of a dedicated portfolio of clients. The make up of the client base means around 70% of claims will be Motor Fleet, although claims covering others risks such as EL, PL and Property (amongst other commercial cases) will also arise and require servicing. This is a highly service driven role, requiring attention to detail and the ability to ensure client satisfaction. The Company The company is a highly respected independent broker, currently servicing written premium of over20m across the North of England. They focus winning and retaining midmarket/corporate business and this is supported by their risk management offering. The Benefits A salary of up to 20k is available dependant on experience and technical knowledge as well as an attractive package. The Person For your application to be considered you will require experience of commercial insurance claims, preferably within a brokerage and ideally with a bias on Motor Fleet cases. You will be competent dealing with your own caseload and able to manage relationships with a dedicated book of clients. You will be customer driven and have both a strong work ethic and an eye for detail. Insurance Industry qualifications are also a plus, but not essential. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClaimsHandlerNorthYorkshire_job****