Title: Financial Markets Trainer
Webindex: 68669245
Company: Carr Lyons.
Description: Our client, a leading investment bank, have an exciting opportunity for a financial markets training consultant to join them on a permanent basis. As part of their industry leading L D function, driving the global training strategy and approach for this leading institution. As the Financial Markets trainer you will provide technical training for financial products covering all the main asset classes including interest rates (short and long term), credit, foreign exchange, equities, commodities and derivative products for internal and external clients globally. Duties will be varied and will include: Working as part of the Financial Markets team to prepare, develop and present their suite of core product training as required primarily in EMEA and the Americas. Delivery of internal and external courses as appropriate, **** training sessions for senior management and ad hoc client training. Training for other parts of the group where necessary. Vendor management  Manage and maintain vendor outsourced global core curriculum. Research of appropriate external course providers where internal offerings are unavailable. Liaison with external vendors to develop, design and specify training programmes. Manage vendor relationships on behalf of Firm. Helping the business to structure their internal training. Working with business and other HR colleagues to define, develop and deliver product training requirements for other departments. Needs analysis of departmental and individual training requests. Building internal networks within the business and using them to ensure needs are being met and educational materials remain current. The role is aligned to the Financial Markets team in the UK but with global responsibilities and duties. There is potential for significant travel. The successful candidate will ideally have a financial markets background having then moved into training / learning and development, though this isn't essential. You will however, have extensive experience delivering training for financial products, with outstanding presentation, delivery and communication skills. This is an exciting time to join an organisation with significant change and a real demand and hunger for education. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialMarketsTrainer_job****