Title: Finance Support Assistant  Children’s Services [Enhanced DBS/CRB required]
Webindex: 66693866
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Finance Support Assistant  Children s Services[Enhanced DBS/CRB required] Reference no: Barnet **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: N**** **** What s involved with this role: Processing payments to suppliers, clients and carers using input to the Councils SAP financial system and Swift client records database To provide guidance to non finance staff for requesting goods and services within the Children s Service. To deal effectively with payment enquiries. To ensure compliance with procedures for budgetary control Raising of purchase orders on receipt of authorised commitments and ensuring correct coding, for supplies and services. Requesting vendors to be set up on SAP through Strategic Procurement Team. Goods receipting purchase orders and processing the invoices for payment. Filing of all child related information. Monthly reconciliation of P Card expenditure using the P Card statement and copy documentation of expenditure. Raising journals to allocate the P Card expenditure to the correct codes and to rectify errors in coding within the system Raising invoices and recharges as and when required. Produce basic spreadsheets for the analysis of numerical information to assist with monitoring budgets on a monthly. Liaison with Children s Service staff, other departments' staff and external agencies on matters relating to payments functions, dealing with enquiries and correspondence as required. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Enhanced DBS/CRB check in place [ Disclosure no. Issue date required ] Minimum of 12 months recent finance administration experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Basic understanding of financial procedures Good Microsoft office skills, especially Excel Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Experience of using SAP Education to A level or equivalent Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Children s Services/Finance/Admin Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 23 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited