Title: PPI Complaint Handler ****hr shifts
Webindex: 70576761
Company: Adecco Keele National Resource Center
Description: This is an exciting opportunity to join one of the UK s leading Financial Institutions as an PPI Complaint Handler on a temporary basis. Working from the company s lively office, you will be required to use your excellent attention to detail and administration skills. THE ROLE OFFERS AN ATTRACTIVE PAY RATE OF **** PER HOUR  please note that no holidays will be granted during the first 6 weeks of the contract THIS IS A TEMPORARY CONTRACT FOR 5 MONTHS Role Description: Investigate customer s credit card accounts and extract the data required to settle their complaints within Financial Service Authority guidelines. Identify correct data and follow a process in order to ensure all information is gathered to make an informed decision. Work to targets and ensure accuracy though out the process. Input data accurately into the calculator. We are looking for people who are professional, hardworking, reliable and able to make informed decisions. Skills/Experience Required  Good attention to detail,  Good communication skills  Knowledge of financial services or complaint handling  Have previously worked in an office environment Job spec attached SHIFT PATTERN After the first 2 weeks of training (which is 9am  5pm) the workers will work on Compressed Shifts as detailed below. These shift patterns are in 4 week blocks. First 4 weeks  they will 8am  8pm (**** hours) on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday (they would be off work Thurs, Fri, Sat and Sun) Next 4 weeks  they will work 8am  8pm (**** (hours) Thursday, Friday and Saturday (they would be off work Sun, Mon, Tues, Wed). The next 4 weeks would revert back to 8am  8pm Mon, Tues and Wed, and then 4 weeks of 8am  8pm Thur, Fri and Sat, and so on. To be considered for this exciting position, please email your CV, in the first instance. The application process is subject to the successful completion of background and reference checking, including CRB and CCJ (County Court Judgement) checks Consultant: Racheal Bailey Telephone: (Apply online only) Adecco is an equal opportunities employer If you do not hear from one of our consultants within 7 days of applying for this role, please assume you have been unsuccessful in this instance. Your CV will be kept on file and you will be consider for future vacancies that match your skills. Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy