Title: Internal Audit Manager  Insurance Sector (6 months FTC)
Webindex: 72248284
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Due to increased workload, I am currently working alongside a leading UK insurance company in assisting with a specific need for an Internal Audit Manager. Operating across the group and their various subsidiaries, the role will: Assist the Head of Group Internal Audit in planning and leading financial and operational audit reviews. Assist the Head of Group Risk Management and Internal Audit in planning and leading financial, operational and compliance audit. Be responsible for contributing towards implementing Group and subsidiary policies and procedures, liaising with external auditors, ensuring compliance with new and existing legislation and undertaking various investigations and ad hoc projects across the Group. This is a high profile role, providing significant exposure to Senior Management. FSA compliance knowledge is advantageous. In addition you must possess the ability to identify opportunities for improving cost effectiveness within financial and business processes. This vacancy is for a 6 month contract, primarily based in Croydon but with travel (around 20%) to the other UK offices. Desired skills experience include: Graduate and CCAB qualified. Preferably ACA or ACCA. (or equivalent qualification) Strong accounting background; Proven External/Internal Audit experience of reviewing systems and controls; Experience of writing reports of high standards Risk Based Internal Auditing Good knowledge of FSA regulation in relation to insurance broking , Ability to work alone and as part of a team; Ability to interact with senior management and junior staff; Team player Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to this role.