Title: Natural Gas Confirmations Analyst
Webindex: 68681306
Company: Badenoch & Clark   London 
Description: Our client, a leading Energy Trading Company has a requirement for a temporary Natural Gas Confirmations Analyst. The purpose of the role is to support the Deal Handling control function within the Front to Back end deal cycle for Gas Trading Operations. Key responsibilities would include:  Ensuring that trades entered into with external counterparties are recorded correctly in our internal system in a timely manner.  Generating and checking trade Confirmations with external counterparties within required deadlines, this involves monitoring outstanding Confirmations and resolving any issues and disputes.  Liaising with Counterparties to agree and sign up to Electronic Confirmation matching.  Assisting with daily Trade Validation in the trading system  Liaising with Traders/Brokers and other Internal departments within tight deadlines to resolve any deal discrepancies.  Assisting the Settlements Analyst with Invoicing. The successful candidate will have:  Experience of working in a similar role within an Investment Bank or Energy Trading company.  A keen eye for detail and awareness of reasons for tight controls within the Front to Back end lifecycle of a trade.  Have knowledge of and a desire to learn more about the Natural Gas and UK Power Trading industry.  Strong interpersonal skills for communication internally and externally.  Good excel skills  basic worksheet functions and pivot tables.  SAP and ENDUR systems experience would be beneficial. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Natural Gas Confirmations Analyst who is keen to take on a new challenge. As this is a temporary position only applicants on two weeks notice or less will be considered www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NaturalGasConfirmationsAnalyst_job****