Title: Service Sales Consultant
Webindex: 70164937
Company: Adecco
Description: A large banking organisation who are a based in MOULTON PARK Northampton requires candidates to join their busy call centre. You must have call centre or sales experience. The pay is ****ph. It s a **** Day a week operation shifts are given 4 weeks in advance and worked on a flexible basis between the core hours of 6am  10pm Monday to Sunday including some Bank Holidays. You will be required to work 35 hours per week and whilst we will try to accommodate the hours to suit you where appropriate, a flexible approach is required. A finance and criminality check will be completed before you are able to start which will require proof of address dated within the past 3 months. You will also be required to attend an interview with the client. Purpose: Talking to customers on the telephone, you ll provide an exceptional level of service as you help them to manage their finances. It is a targeted role, where you will be required to generate new leads for the Sales Consultants. Whether you re supplying them with account information or processing an overdraft request, you ll need to think about other products they may benefit from. It s a challenging but supportive environment, where you will be offered all the training you ll need to succeed. Daily Activities: Provide advice and identify how else the customer could benefit from an awardwinning portfolio of products. Generate new leads for the sales consultants Process general admin based work Resolve customer queries and requests with minimal referral, ensuring customer contact is handled in a appropriate manner Professional, secure and efficient handling of financial and non financial transactions and customer information on all account types in accordance with operational procedures Understand and carry out processes in accordance with agreed operational procedures Fully adhere to the Data Protection and Information Security Policies Liaising with internal business aware when conducting day to day activities You will work in a call centre environment with free on site parking, restaurant, subsidised Gym and coffee shop. They also host several stalls throughout the year selling cakes, books, shoes etc. There are excellent transport links with Buses from central Northampton which drop off and pick up from the front of the building. Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy