Title: Claims Handler  First Response
Webindex: 69746421
Company: Asure Recruit
Description: Claims Handler  First Response An Accident Management company based in Maidenhead are seeking a full time, permanent Claims Handler  First Response to join their busy team of professionals. This role would suit driven, expert and motivated individuals who have experience within a similar environment. Role Purpose: To liaise with the client, insurer, work source and solicitors to ensure that the client s claim is dealt with promptly by all parties involved. To take all First response phone calls in an efficient and professional manner. Establish liability, process of new claims swiftly and get customers into a hire car as soon as possible. Maximise income for Personal Injury referrals. Key Responsibilities:  Full Explanation of services, route of claim, timeframes, legalities etc.  Make the process easy to understand and no overly complicated  Ensure client inconvenience is kept to a minimum  i.e. back on the road ASAP  Keeping all parties updated at all times  Maximising the capture of PI claims wherever possible  |All possible avenue chased FULLY (i.e. TP/Witnesses/Police/(url removed) etc.  Dealing with vehicles in storage  Mitigating losses  Establishing the need for a hire vehicle and arranging as appropriate and necessary  Noting ALL conversations in full on the relevant file  processing new out of hours claims  Ensuring quick decisions made on all referrals  Claims form and diagram to be produced on ALL claims  Identify which new claims to take forward and which claims to blow out Key Skills Required:  Negotiation skills  IT skills  Administration skills  Good understanding of the recovery and storage process  Good understanding of the personal injury claims process  Good understanding of all the issues relating to the acceptance of liability Being part of an independently owned group of companies, this is a secure and stable role within a very well established group. The reputation of the company and the way that they look after their staff is second to none. With an extremely entrepreneurial and forward thinking attitude, the company prides itself on listening to and acting upon its staff s suggestions on how to improve the way things are done. Successful applicants will have a proven track record in a similar environment and will be able to demonstrate that they have succeeded with achieving targets and working as part of a team