Title: Senior Manager Credit Risk Project Management  Retail Banking
Webindex: 70519847
Company: Harnham Search and Selection Ltd
Description: Senior Manager  Credit Risk Project Management  Retail Banking A Senior Manager is required by a major retail bank to work within their Credit Risk department and own, lead and deliver major strategy projects. THE COMPANY Is one of the largest retail banks in the UK and has a strong reputation in the market. The company has excellent progression opportunities and have really strong analytical teams. THE ROLE  Providing strategic support for the projects within credit risk and will shape the approach to strategic challenges and apply thought leadership to drive out findings and communicate them to senior executives.  Run executive meetings and drive the agenda, and produce necessary papers and help achieve outcomes and ensure they are executed.  Maintain control of key budgets for Credit Risk and monitor these to make sure they are followed.  Act as deputy CRO in a variety of meetings and be a strong guide in decision making. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE  Project management experience  Strong track record of developing and implementing changes to strategy  Line management experience  Financial Services experience preferred.  Strong communication skills and strong experience in presenting to executive committees THE BENEFITS The successful candidate can expect a salary of ****  car allowance  excellent benefits HOW TO APPLY If you are interested in the opportunity then please contact Hannah Villanueva on **** or send your CV tohannahvillanuevaharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS Risk, Management, Audit, Accounting, Finance, Credit Risk, Retail Banking OUR COMPANY Harnham Search Selection focuses on niche areas of recruitment where many of the UK s businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. Harnham s primary focus includes the Statistical Analytical, Credit Risk, Business Intelligence and IT employment markets. Contact us on **** **** or hannahvillanuevaharnhamsearch.com Senior Manager  Credit Risk Project Management  Retail Banking