Title: Senior Corporate Personal Insolvency Administrator
Webindex: 70757645
Company: Morgan Jones Recruitment Consultants
Description: Our established, Top 10 UK, client has branches Nationwide and they are currently looking for a Senior Corporate & Personal Insolvency Administrator to join their team. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone who is keen to progress within this industry and the role is based in Marlow, Buckinghamshire Job purpose: Working within the Recovery division, you will provide support to the Personal and Corporate Recovery directors and case managers, as well as managing your own portfolio of cases. You will be tasked with attending to statutory requirements, including preparing reports and attending meetings of creditors, chargeholders and shareholders and ensuring that cases are progressed, resolving technical and practical issues and preparing **** month reviews under the supervision of Managers and Directors. This list is not exhaustive. For a full list of duties please contact us. Due to the nature of the role the following skills, knowledge & experience is required, however all applications will be considered: Extensive experience in corporate and personal insolvency administration Strong work ethic Compliant driven with excellent attention to detail Insolvency qualification would be advantageous but is not essential You will have excellent organisational and time management skills, with the ability to work effectively under pressure and to deadlines. You will combine a high standard of numeracy with excellent communication skills, written and verbal, and will be an enthusiastic team player, able to build a rapport with fellow team members as well as clients. In return an excellent salary, up to ****K, and benefits are on offer with this role. An extremely supportive environment is provided with excellent progression prospects. Please contact us ASAP to find out more as this is an urgent vacancy. Due to the high volume of applicants applying for all roles, we can only reply to candidates with the most relevant skills and experience. If you have not heard back from us within **** hours of your application please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion