Title: Commissions Assistant
Webindex: 72115622
Company: Enjoy Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: Commissions Assistant required at one of Gloucestershire s leading companies. Location: South Gloucestershire Salary: up to **** per annum  benefits Education and skills: Educated to ALevel Standard or equivalent; good Microsoft Office skills (particularly Excel, Word and Outlook) Work experience required: previous administration experience essential, ideally within an analytical or financial capacity; financial services experience essential Our client is seeking a Commissions Assistant to join their team in South Gloucestershire. The role will involve assisting the team with: reconciling and processing commission cases; analysing reports; investigating queries; inputting ledger information; internal auditing and managing backup paperwork to ensure all records are uptodate and accurate; liaising with various internal and external contacts of all levels; and steppingup as required to assist the team. The successful Commissions Assistant will have: strong Microsoft Office skills (particularly Excel); strong administration skills; high attention to detail; good interpersonal skills, and the ability to multitask and prioritise. In addition, they will be a proactive and customerfocussed member of the team. Interested? Please email your CV for consideration before Wednesday 30th January 2013. We experience very high response rates to our vacancy advertisements. We do not however feel this is any excuse for not acknowledging your application and as part of our total candidate care initiative we will always endeavour to do so. If you have not heard from us **** working days from the date of your application please contact us for an explanation. Enjoyfinance acts as an employment agency and as an employment business as defined by the Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations **** Enjoyfinance is an equal opportunities employer and offers a free and confidential service to candidates.Enjoy Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy