Title: Graduate Customer Service Advisor Job  Docklands, London
Webindex: 60517865
Description: My client is a leading public service organisation. They are currently looking for individuals with customer service experience. This is an exiting opportunity to join a growing organisation in a role with opportunity to progress. You will need to submit a CV and covering letter to be considered for this role. This is a fantastic opportunity for graduates looking for an entry level role in one of the most dynamic and fastest growing organisations in the UK. Full training scheme provided with excellent career progression. Salary: ****  excellent benefits Location: Canary Wharf Duties:  You will be resolving disputes between businesses and their customers  dealing with customers over the phone and in writing.  Liaising with both customers and businesses  As the face of the organisation you will need to give excellent customer service at all times  Delivering the outcome of complaints to relevant parties  Analysing information and being part of the decision making process Person specification:  Qualified to degree level (minimum ****) with experience in providing excellent customer service from a variety of customer facing roles  Previous experience in a customer service environment  Problem solving experience  Excellent communication and customer service skills  Excellent written communication skills  Previous telephone based experience  Team work ability  Able to analyse a large volume of information to make decisions Please apply if you feel you have the relevant skills and experience for this role. Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****