Title: Accounts Technician Job  Dorset
Webindex: 70609744
Description: An immediate opportunity has arisen for an experienced Accounts Technician to join our client, a property management organisation based in Dorset. Key responsibilities of the role will include: Process service charge statements in a timely manner, ensuring actual and budgeted expenditure is accurate Assist in the preparation of detailed information to allow timely audit certification and deal with queries resulting Produce quarterly reports of service charge expenditure for review by operations staff, highlighting areas of concern and journaling coding corrections identified. Assist as required in annual / quarterly companylevel reports of budget, forecast & actual service charge under/over recovery Reconcile rent control accounts Deal with rent and service charge queries as required, e.g. amending a rent on Active H Periodically review and propose updates to service charges procedures To assist in the annual rent reviews as required, e.g. calculating new charges, target rents, secure rents and adding rent charges onto Active H, To assist in the annual stock valuation submissions The ideal candidate will possess the following attributes/skills: Maths GCSE grade C or equivalent Proven accounting experience Reconciliation or budget setting experience Intermediate Excel user Highly developed analytical skills Previous use of accounting or housing systems Team player Flexible attitude to work and the ability to work late at short notice if a deadline is to be achieved. This is an excellent opportunity for an accounts technician to join a very successful property management company currently going from strength to strength and striving to be the leaders in their field. If you are interested in this role please do not hesitate to apply today or contact Matt Dagworthy on **** **** or matt.dagworthyrandstadfp.com. Please note that while we endeavour to respond to all applications this is not always possible due to the high number of responses we receive to our adverts. All candidates who are to be shortlisted will be contacted within 5 days. If you have not been contacted within this time your application has not been successful on this occasion. Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****