Title: Senior Branch Manager  West Yorkshire
Webindex: 68084748
Company: Nationwide
Description: Basic salary **** to **** based on experience, plus benefits Location: Huddersfield Branch Take charge of one of our largest branches in a key location. If you've already proved your worth in a highprofile retail role  motivating people, improving performance and boosting profits  this is your chance to show what you can do on a bigger stage. A more challenging role Reporting to the Area Director and acting as a role model for Branch Managers in your Area, you'll inspire your team to maximise sales opportunities and hit targets while meeting customers' needs. That means maintaining a high profile in the banking hall, making sure everything runs smoothly. Working with your senior team to coach staff and enhance the customer experience. Controlling risk within the branch. And ensuring we comply with all quality and regulatory guidelines. All on top of planning ahead, spotting longterm opportunities and developing the sales plan for your branch. A more talented person You can lead a team. You'll have shown you can develop others. What's more, your excellent track record in business will be backed by impressive experience in retail sales management and target achievement. Bring us a background like that and financial services experience isn't essential. Our training will cover everything you need to know about our business. An employer you're proud of Our mutual status means we're here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it's made us the world's biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We're always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That's why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it's only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we'll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorBranchManagerWestYorkshire_job****