Title: Head of Fraud Prevention Market Leading Online Business
Webindex: 71526398
Company: Ortolan Group
Description: Head of Fraud Prevention – Market Leading Online Business London ****  ****K A rare opportunity for a senior level expert in online fraud prevention to join one of Europe’s leading online consumer businesses. Technical excellence, a strong online pedigree, international experience and personal drive and energy will mark out the successful candidate. The Role Joining a market leading and rapidly growing business, you will take responsibility for all aspects of fraud prevention. This will involve you in developing and reviewing strategies for established markets (such as the UK) as well as designing and owning the entire fraud prevention process for new markets and regions internationally. You will be expected to consider processes, systems and products in the context of fraud mitigation and you will work closely with the corporate risk teams to ensure the models and compliance systems put in place are the most effective ones in the commercial and regulatory context of each market. You will have an ongoing responsibility to reassess and update all fraud prevention measures in every one of the growing number of markets in which this business operates. The Person You will have a good degree and will be able to demonstrate considerable fraud prevention experience in online B2C and B2B businesses. This will include the development of fraud prevention systems from scratch as well as the creation of fraud prevention strategies for new markets and a detailed understanding of the way system and product design impact these. You are likely to have worked in previous online startup businesses and experience in the gaming, dating, social media or online payments sectors will be an advantage. We are looking for an outstanding person for this fascinating, challenging and well rewarded position. You will have consummate people skills which will enable you to fit into a young, vibrant and high energy business. You will be analytical and projectfocussed and it should go without saying that you will have an encyclopaedic knowledge of fraud prevention issues. Above all, you will have the ability to appreciate the larger operational and commercial picture and to work as part of a close knit and entrepreneurial team. If you would like to find out more, please let us have your CV. If you would like to understand more about this role please contact us in confidence.