Title: Finance Analyst (Temp)
Webindex: 68710182
Company: Chase Anderson Limited
Description: This is a Temporary Role. Duration: 915months Purpose of the job To provide financial accounting support for the UK businesses of the company including ensuring the accuracy of the financial accounts of a number of entities and preparing the statutory accounts and tax packs. Ideal Candidate An ideal candidate will be a bright problem solver who loves to ‘connect the dots’ and turn data into insights. A team player, an excellent communicator, who wants to make the difference and is able to make sound and actionable recommendations on what the next business move should be. Our Client is seeking a talented individual with a cando attitude to join our growing UK team in Richmond. Duties To take responsibility for a number of other areas relating to taxation including VAT, Corporation tax and deferred tax To review and analyse sales and marketing spend specifically related to LAMPs and Key Accounts. To perform certain treasury functions Ensuring accuracy of monthly accounts Preparing of month end journals Preparation of draft statutory accounts and draft tax packs/computations Handling VAT and excise tax issues, including liaison with HMR C Miscellaneous Treasury work, eg credit levels, credit checks customer set up, cash flow forecasts, petty cash and manual cheques Monitor overall Sales and Marketing budgets and forecast to identify any areas of potential under or over spend and notify the relevant department manager so that any problems can be rectified or funds can be reallocated where appropriate. Review sales allowance PO's at least monthly to ensure accuracy of amounts and timing. Oversee company secretarial matters such as annual returns, company filing, etc Provide support for consumer engagement activities including raising purchase orders, contract process, cost tracking and administration to ensure the efficient operation of day to day and special pack activities. Requirements/Skills Competencies Graduate with minimum ****:1 degree. Part qualified accountant / finalist (ACA, ACCA, CIMA or equivalent) Organised, structured approach, ensuring internal (local HQ) and external (statutory, tax, etc) deadlines are met. Ability to build a good working relationship with other personnel, both in the local office and offsite (eg Shared Service Centre, external advisers) Flexibility to take on additional, ad hoc work as required. Accounting and/or statutory accounts/tax experience required. Knowledge of UK/US Gaap (or IFRS or equivalent). Experience of SAP or equivalent accounting software. Good Excel skills. If the roles sound challenging please apply ASAP. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAnalystTemp_job****