Title: Senior Risk Analyst  Financial Services
Webindex: 68844392
Company: Harnham Search and Selection Ltd
Description: SAS Senior Credit Risk Analyst Specialist Lending An opportunity for a Senior Credit Risk Analyst has become available for an up and coming financial services organisation. The role will be in charge of the entire risk function of the company and will be developing and implementing end to end strategies. THE COMPANY An ambitious organization focusing on consumer lending that has excellent growth strategies. The successful candidate will be working with an extremely experienced team that will develop and utilise their skills and progress their career in risk. THE ROLE The Senior Credit Risk Analyst will be responsible developing new strategies to balance risk and rewards to determine the optimal credit limits, etc. You will be in control of the risk function and will be responsible for highlevel analysis and possibly grow the team in the future. You will be analysing the impact of changes by analysing internal and external factors affecting the group and you will identify gaps and opportunities in companys monitoring procedure to ensure that new business strategies are parallel with the monitoring operations. Additionally, the role involves providing analytical insight by examining the best way to utilise data that can impact business strategy and add real value to the group. SKILLS AND EXPERIENCES:  An undergraduate degree in a highly analytical and numerate discipline such as Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Economics, IT or similar  The ability to communicate effectively with all levels with strong written, verbal and presentation skills  Have experience working in a Credit Risk environment  Highly organised with the ability to handle pressure and adapt quickly adapt to different environments.  Have strong MI skills and have experience using SAS, SQL or excel. The successful candidate can expect a salary of up to ****k plus benefits. APPLCIATION PROCESS If you are interested in applying for this role then please contact Hannah Villanueva on **** and send your CV over to hannahvillanuevaharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS SAS, analyst, MI, report, reporting, strategy, credit risk, risk, data analysis, data, SQL, analytics, insight, data manipulation OUR COMPANY Harnham Search Selection focuses on niche areas of recruitment where many of the UK s businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. Harnham s primary focus includes the Statistical Analytical, Credit Risk, Business Intelligence and IT employment markets. Contact us on **** **** or hannahvillanuevaharnhamsearch.com SAS Senior Credit Risk Portfolio Analyst  financial services