Title: Financial Accountant
Webindex: 51860115
Company: CMC Consulting Limited
Description: A leading Insurance/Reinsurance Business is currently seeking a high calibre Financial Accountant to take financial and management responsibility for a number of business critical areas. This role will enable the candidate to work within a close team whilst benefiting from the opportunities associated with being part of a large international insurance company. The role will benefit from interaction up to and including board level whilst contributing across a broad range of key projects. Your responsibilities will include; Complete financial accounting responsibility for a UK company including salaries, accruals, prepayments, fixed assets, bank through to statutory financial statements, audit and regulatory support Provision of key financial operational support top group insurance and reinsurance companies Supporting overall management of financial information across the business unit Critical support of reinsurance accounting Responsibility for the finance oversight of two international subsidiaries Working in a multicurrency environment Operating expense analysis The successful candidate will ideally be a qualified accountant with good experience of insurance accounting, ideally gained in a Practice environment. The candidate must have a good understanding of GAAP regulations that are applicable to Insurance and associated reporting. Candidates will also display excellent excel knowledge combined with strong communication skills due to high exposure to senior management. Financial Accountant  ****  ****  Bonus  Benefits Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website http://www.cmcconsulting.co.uk We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.