Title: Develop your audit and advisory skills  ACA / ACCA Qualified Audit Senior
Webindex: 68606696
Company: Wavelength   Public Practice Recruitment
Description: ACA / ACCA Qualified Audit Senior  Milton Keynes c pound;****K  pound;****K Opportunity for a qualified ACA/ACCA with experience in accountancy and audit gained from working within Public Practice to join a Top Tier firm. You will be working in a team, reporting to Manager and Partner level and be given the opportunity to work closely with clients, managing junior staff and developing your technical, commercial and people management skills. Summary of Main Responsibilities Planning Audit assignments for a varied range of audit clients identifying key areas of importance to be covered. Managing and supervising junior staff with involvement in their training and development. Significant client contact, being an integral part of the communication process with clients. Involved with business advisory requirements and an nbsp; opportunity to work on projects for clients. nbsp; Qualifications and Skills required ACA or ACCA, fully or nearly qualified with practice experience Good accounts preparation skills Competent planning and completion skills Computer experience  Sage, Excel, Word and tax software Previous experience of supervising junior members of staff nbsp; Uptodate technical knowledge including recent developments in accounting standards Communication  oral and written, ability to deal with variety of people in different environments Organised  ability to deal with a variety of tasks Client focused Commercially aware Ability to work well under pressure It is essential that you have relevant Practice experience and in particular already have a sound knowledge of auditing Owner Managed Businesses. If you are fully qualified or nearing qualification and interested nbsp; this is an excellent opportunity to continue with your Professional development. Please contact Wavelength if this position is of interest and you have the experience and skills relevant to the role. In the current climate we are being inundated with applications from candidates who are not reading the requirements for roles advertised or satisfy the criteria in respect of qualification, experience or location; so please bear this in mind when applying.