Title: Head of Internal Contracts
Webindex: 65299724
Company: NHS Essex Commissioning Support Unit
Description: Organisation As part of the NHS reforms, from April 2013 Clinical Commissioning Groups (CCGs) will become responsible for commissioning most healthcare services, and the Essex Commissioning Support Unit has been established nbsp;to offer efficient, locally sensitive and customerfocused support services to the local CCGs. In addition, they provide specialist services, in particular ICT services, to a range of other healthcare providers. nbsp; The CSU s mission is to deliver the highest quality, intelligent, integrated commissioning and business support to assist our customers in achieving their aim in providing high quality healthcare to the population of Essex. nbsp; The commercial finance department is currently embarking on a recruitment programme for a variety of posts at senior level, based at the Basildon site Overview of the job nbsp; Reporting to the Head of Finance, Business Support, the post holder will be responsible for the management of the CSU s contracts with CCGs and other customers. nbsp; The post holder will work closely with the Chief Finance Officer, Head of Finance (Business Support) and senior management across the CSU to ensure that a comprehensive financial service is provided in respect of these contracts and in accordance with internal requirements. This will include liaison with key account managers and other staff to ensure that all CSU income and activity is recorded in accordance with SLAs, contracts and other agreements. nbsp; The post holder will be responsible for ensuring that monitoring, forecasting and reporting is undertaken throughout the year in respect of significant financial resources and contracts. nbsp; The post holder will act in a supervisory role to one team member and will assist across the wider finance team at key times, including annual accounts. The Person As a qualified finance professional you will have either a CCAB or CIMA qualification and have gained post qualification experience, working in a complex financial environment. Flexibility and an ability to plan effectively to meet deadline are considered essential. nbsp; If you feel you have the qualities and expertise to help them to become outstanding we would love to hear from you. This is an exciting opportunity that will allow you to shape the new organisation and the services that they provide to their customers. For more information about the role and organisation or for an informal discussion please contact nbsp;Lucy West nbsp;on **** **** nbsp;or email a copy of your up to date CV to lucy.westhays.com nbsp; This role is based at nbsp;the Basildon site, although you may be required to travel to other CSU sites. Closing Date 18th January 2013 Interviews will take place w/c 28th January 2013 times tbc nbsp; nbsp; nbsp;