Title: Secretary / Senior Secretary
Webindex: 68668588
Company: Clear Futures Recruitment
Description: Do you have a minimum of 3 years secretarial experience? Do you have Financial Services experience? Would you like to work and a friendly and professional firm? If you have answered yes then this is the right opportunity for you. Please apply immediately by sending your CV to surekhaclearfutures.com Our client a reputable and professional Financial Services firm and seeking a bright, proactive and confident secretary to support their Equities team. You will play a pivotal role supporting **** Portfolio Managers and **** Research Assistants covering a variety of sectors. Main Responsibilities Organising Business Trips  Arranging itineraries  Arranging flights, visas, hotels and transport (working with the travel coordinator)  Booking restaurants and organising entertainment  Ensuring that all parties have been provided with accurate information regarding the business trip and meetings (i.e. profile of attendees, timetables, agendas, restaurant location, etc.) Arranging Business meetings with external parties  Researching and providing information on attendees (profiles, etc.) on meeting attendees  Arranging transport, restaurants and entertainment  Manage meetings and meeting rooms on a rota basis  Arranging regular inhouse lunches  Building and maintaining relationships with counterparties Fielding calls and taking messages Organising video conferences and teleconference meetings Organising and managing electronic diaries, ensuring that the team and the department are aware of staff movement Manage the expense accounts of the team Working with the PA to the President of London Office to provide holiday cover where necessary Experience Required Experience of working in a similar role in the past, not necessarily within financial services. Experience of working in a busy role that encompasses a high degree autonomy, organising the team and its activities. Attributes Required Intermediate IT skills, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, Excel and Outlook. Proactive, willing and flexible. Someone who will go beyond the job description and show initiative. Good internet research skills. Ability to organise themselves and the team. Ability to meet tight deadlines and manage the workload/prioritise. Ability to adapt quickly and be receptive to changes Good team player who is reliable, accurate and well organised. Professional attitude with good interpersonal skills. Strong gatekeeping skills This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SecretarySeniorSecretary_job****