Title: Procedure Writer
Webindex: 68681469
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: Procedure Writer needed for a FTSE 100 Company on a **** month fixed term contract We are one of the largest British companies in the world and are proud to be the number one provider of business process outsourcing in the UK. We provide highly renowned services and solutions to a variety of sectors and due to our consistent expansion, we require an Procedure Writer to work within our Financial Services, in Beckenham, Kent. You will be responsible for documenting fit for purpose written operational procedures in collaboration with the business To produce comprehensive, easy to follow, consistent in format written operational procedures based around our new Registration System  PRISM Procedures to be agreed and in place in accordance with agreed timetable Procedure writer to meet with the Manager and selected members of each business department and other appropriate parties including but not confined to the Transition Manager to acquire thorough knowledge of each unit's operations and procedures. Work independently to write a manual describing the steps and requirements of each procedure. The procedure writer will be an integral part of our team, using your writing, and documenting skills to produce detailed content for procedure plans, most notably an exciting new project in 2012. Through linking in closely with the other departments to consult and create workshops, you will use the information from these workshops to create procedure plans for different projects. We are looking for someone who is focused, organised and analytical with excellent interpersonal skills and if you have experience of procedure writing in a commercial environment, ideally in financial services, this is the role for you. Essential Skills:  Procedure or documentation writing experience in a commercial environment ideally financial services  Creation of workshops and training exposure  Excellent writing skills  proven experience  Knowledge of procedure software packages with the ability to make recommendations and influence our decision making around this With your skills in providing accurate, instinctive procedure plans along with your ability to work to a high level with such microsoft applications as excel, word and powerpoint your instructive, interpersonal and analytical nature will be allowed to shine in the world of Capita. If you feel you have the skills detailed above, don't hesitate to apply today. The successful applicant will be subject to a CRB and Credit Check due to it being an FSA regulated business. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProcedureWriter_job****