Title: Senior Compliance Executive  Fixed Income  City
Webindex: 70623733
Company: Brampton Stafford
Description: Senior Compliance Executive  Fixed Income London (City) Salary  circa ****K dependent upon experience THE COMPANY: Our Client is a large Investment Manager who manage funds on behalf of Institutional clients and Investment Professionals. THE RESPONSIBILITIES: Design, implementation and interpretation of fixed income compliancerelated policies and procedures. Focus on the compliance controls and monitoring. Daily review to ensure that accounts are in compliance with relevant UK regulations, FSA and other applicable regulatory rules and restrictions. Review of electronic trading/compliance systems CRD and Aladdin; Compliance monitoring for potential violations of investment guidelines. Keep abreast of changing regulatory requirements by: Ongoing reviews of company policies and recommending revisions to remain compliant to changing regulations; identifying affected policies and procedures and working with the applicable departments to revise, document and implement revisions; acquiring knowledge of new regulatory requirements and working with the Compliance Director to establish Compliance procedures. Undertaking Breach Reporting if requested; logging all incidents received from the business areas and reporting these to the applicable parties; establishing the full details of these incidents and recording them for the operations committee. Identifying and monitoring compliance risk areas of the business rules and to initiate corrective action for avoidance of future breaches. Reviewing daily trading reports, if required. Establish and support the department's strategic direction, vision and mission in alignment with the Company's strategy. Responsible for visibly supporting the Company's business initiatives and the initiatives of other departments. EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Compliance experience within asset management or financial services, preferably within fixed income Experience and exposure to risk management procedures and processes Demonstrated ability to understand a wide range of regulatory requirements applicable to investment managers, with the ability to implement appropriate procedures to comply with these A good understanding of the FSA conduct of business rules A good understanding of the technical nature of the business Would typically be degree qualified A professional qualification is desirable but not essential This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorComplianceExecutiveFixedIncomeCity_job****