Title: MI & Analysis Administrator
Webindex: 68682648
Company: RecruitmentConsultant.com
Description: MI Analysis Administrator Days of work  ****:30am  5pm Hours of work  **** Purpose: To deliver MI Analysis service standards, providing management support through data collation, input and extraction, presenting analysis and reports. Development: Develop a thorough understanding of capacity planning and forecast modelling requirements. Develop data collation and extraction that supports core activities across the business unit with daily/weekly/monthly MI and reporting. Develop analysis techniques, identifying trends and patterns, clearly communicating areas for management review. Driving Results: Take personal responsibility for delivering MI Analysis service standards through accurate and timely data management and reporting. Identify and validate manual and systems driven data sources. Monitor personal performance ensuring data input, data integrity checks and MI production support the measurement of KPIs. Ensure all activities adhere to internal standards and external regulatory requirements. Coaching Training: Maintain and share best practice techniques, driving selfimprovement and team performance. Take responsibility for personal development plan, owning actions to improve performance. Ensure full process and systems knowledge is continually developed and maintained. Proactively seek feedback from Team Leader through regular observations and planned coaching sessions. Relationships People: Actively promote and support team working, working together with team members and Team Leader to achieve team goals. Demonstrate an awareness of internal/external key stakeholders and Product Partners. Understand, support and drive MI Analysis service standards and objectives. IT/Processes: Adhere to best practice processes aligned to MI production, analysis and reporting. Understand and support working practices reviews, streamlining endtoend procedures and ensuring maximum efficiency. Provide ideas and suggestions for improvements. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MIAnalysisAdministrator_job****