Title: SAS Senior Credit Risk Analyst  Financial Services
Webindex: 72611454
Company: Harnham Search Selection
Description: SAS Senior Credit Risk Analyst  Financial Services THE ROLE: This is an exciting opportunity to gain valuable knowledge and understanding in the area of credit risk. You will be working on projects and tasks throughout the Risk department ranging from scorecards, strategies, fraud prevention and many more. You will be responsible for presenting the results of your projects to all levels of management. This is a great opportunity if you are interested in broadening your credit risk experience and future prospects in the field. Senior Risk Analyst will also get to manage projects and people in the team. THE COMPANY: This organisation is a leading financail services company with a strong presence in emerging markets. The company has shown substantial organic growth and is developing continuously. Working for this company will help you gain exposure to the whole credit cycle of very different environments helping you gain a better understanding of the area as a whole. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: You should have a Bachelors or a Masters in a highly numerical discipline such as Mathematics, Statistics or similar. Additionally, it is important that you have experience in using SAS in a Credit Risk environment. It is key that you have strong organisational skills that allow you to meet deadlines. Aside from being a strong communicator, you must be able to work well within a team and have the ability to work on your own initiatives. Finally, you must have managed projects or people in the past ABOUT HARNHAM: Harnham Search Selection focuses on niche areas of recruitment where many of the UK s businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. Harnham s primary focus includes the Statistical Analytical, Credit Risk, Business Intelligence and IT employment markets. Contact us on **** **** or hannahvillanuevaharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS: MSc, BSc, SAS, , credit, credit risk , analyst, risk analyst, risk, data analyst, MI, Management Information, acquisitions, collections, recoveries, scorecards, senior analyst SAS Senior Credit Risk Analyst  Yorkshire