Title: Project Accountant  Shipping
Webindex: 72448129
Company: Badenoch & Clark   London 
Description: A fantastic opportunity for a Project Accountant to global shipping company. This role is to undertake accounting and reporting tasks related to various projects. Responsibilities:  Ensuring adherence to, and continually improving upon, the financial controls, reconciliations and processes required to robustly manage each vessel owner's ship management funds and associated cost disbursements.  Preparing an accurate, consistent and timely owner's statement with variances explained, backedup with comprehensive and wellmaintained filing and documentary evidence available on request.  Taking responsibility for the process of preparing accurate vessel and company budgets, forecasts and reporting results to internal and external stakeholders in a timely and consistent manner.  Continually look to improve working practices to ensure high quality vessel and owner reporting.  Assist with the maintenance of relevant financial systems and their integrity.  Undertaking all business and operational project accounting and compliance and documentation thereof.  Utilise sound knowledge of all contractual project arrangements to ensure finance and accounting outputs are accurate and reflect the correct position and can be explained.  Involvement in cash management, cash waterfall, payments, banking, reconciliations and tax management. The candidate will have:  Sound knowledge of basic UK GAAP and IFRS accounting rules and methodologies and partqualified ACCA or CIMA accountant.  Strong preference for CODA and/ or Bass systems experience.  Strong capability with Microsoft Excel and Word and ability to manage basic I.T. issues.  Excellent time management and forward planning skills and the ability to meet deadlines without exception.  Flexible and conscientious approach to work. www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectAccountantShipping_job****