Title: Senior Business Analyst  Financial Services  Northampton
Webindex: 68713650
Company: Computer People
Description: Senior Business Analyst  Senior Change Analyst  Financial Services. A fantastic opportunity for experienced senior business change analysts to join the UK's leading financial services group as Senior Business Analyst, based in Northampton. This new role works as part of a large change management function to deliver major technology and organisational change projects across all parts of the business, with business units being customers of the change team. As a lead business analyst you will lead teams of analysts to deliver multimillion programmes as part of a project management team. You will also be responsible for engaging with users and stakeholders to understand their needs, map processes and requirements, and design new business processes as part of major business change programmes. This role is a senior management position within the change function; the business is looking for talent that will bring knowledge into the team, and who will be able to disseminate their experience to aid the progression of others. You should be comfortable engaging and consulting at the highest levels within the enterprise, and you will be a proven ability to manage senior stakeholders. In order to apply, you should have current experience as a senior business analyst or business analysis manager for technology, people and process change projects within big businesses. Experience in financial services is certainly very helpful, but is not a prerequisite  in fact knowledge of how other industries define and manage change can be of benefit. You will certainly require exceptional leadership skills. Salary is to **** plus a significant bonus, a generous pension and a superb benefits package. Please forward your CV to register your interest in this outstanding career opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorBusinessAnalystFinancialServicesNorthampton_job****