Title: Product Control Analyst  Oil
Webindex: 68063377
Company: Insight Professional Solutions Ltd
Description: Our client is an Energy Company with a network of offices globally. The Product Control Role, an operational control/performance role, lies within the Supply and Marketing division, one of the highestperforming businesses in the Group. The role works very closely with traders and is responsible for the timely and accurate daily monitoring of trading book activities, and in particular the daily market exposure, profit and loss and market risk. The business covers crude oil and product trading, optimisation of the Groups refineries and marketing assets, global shipping optimisation and freight trading, as well as Derivatives and Foreign Exchange Trading. The London Residuals Product Control team is responsible for managing Fuel oil trading activity in Europe and provides frontline control and management information for management and traders. This includes daily profit and loss reporting, trading exposure reporting, and risk reporting. The role reports to the Product Control Lead for Residuals, London, and is member of a team of 5. Key responsibilities:  Provide control and management information for IST front, mid and back office, (specifically for our Marine activities) including:  Production of daily system of record exposure  Daily Profit Loss and accompanying analysis and insight  Monitoring of Delegations of Authority and adherence to trading limits  Enhance the control environment through critical evaluation of current controls and processes, utilisation of best practice and the introduction of ongoing improvements.  Reconcile Management Information to Accounting data on a timely and accurate basis, and assisting in the resolution of the financial closing issues.  Own the relationship with the relevant trader (s) and manage relationships with other teams and functions such as Operations, Settlements and Accounts  Spot and remedy issues with trading positions and use understanding of the trading books to explain trading performance and strategies.  Support process and system improvements through leading and participating in various project initiatives.  Covering for other analysts within the team.  Analysing and investigating the results obtained to the underlying data, before reporting to Management.  Maintaining a strong interface and relationship with the Rotterdam office and ensuring compliance with relevant IST controls and standards. ESSENTIAL EXPERIENCE AND JOB REQUIREMENTS:  Understanding of trading strategies and a solid grasp of the requirements of the control environment in a trading business.  Knowledge of trading management information and associated business, accounting and control processes.  IT literate, highly numerate, and familiar with Excel and financial analysis. DESIRABLE CRITERIA QUALIFICATIONS:  Formally recognised Accounting qualification (ACA, CPA, CIMA, ACCA etc)  Understanding of market and credit risk functions  Knowledge of the front to back Deal Life cycle, the role of product control through this cycle and the applications employed