Title: Senior Credit Risk Analyst (Cards  Acquisition)
Webindex: 70165995
Company: Harnham Search Selection
Description: Senior Credit Risk Analyst (Cards  Acquisition) An exciting opportunity for an experienced Credit Risk Analyst with SAS skills has become available for a leading retail bank. THE COMPANY: This is a market leading retail bank and is one of the biggest in the UK. They have a very strong presence nationally and internationally. THE ROLE: The Risk Analyst Will be looking after their acquisition strategies. The Senior Risk Analyst will be responsible for developing policies that will provide an effective and efficient application of credit policy, appetite, and governance and application regulation. The role will also be developing and implementing strategies that will add value to the business and their customers. The Senior Risk Analyst will be providing junior analysts with support and training. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:  Strong experience in Credit Risk Analytics environment.  Good knowledge using SAS and can make their own codes.  You must be able to display a good understanding of sophisticated risk techniques and show the ability to apply these.  Experience presenting to senior management and can communicate processes and strategies to a noncredit audience.  A strong academic background in a quantitative discipline from a top university. THE BENEFITS: The successful candidate can expect a salary of up to ****  bonus  excellent benefits HOW TO APPLY: If you are interested in the opportunity then please contact Joe Parsons on **** or send your CV to joeparsonsharnhamsearch.com KEYWORDS SAS, Risk, Collections, Recoveries, Acquisitions, CLI, CLD, fraud, SQL, Strategies, Risk Analyst, Credit Risk Analyst, Risk Analytics, current accounts, cards, unsecured OUR COMPANY Harnham Search Selection focuses on niche areas of recruitment where many of the UK s businesses find hiring quality employees a challenge. Harnham s primary focus includes the Statistical Analytical, Credit Risk, Business Intelligence and IT employment markets. Contact us on **** **** or hannahvillanuevaharnhamsearch.com Senior Credit Risk Analyst (Cards  Acquisition)