Title: Premier Associate (Inbound Customer Service)
Webindex: 64079002
Company: Solar Selection Ltd
Description: Premier Associate Edinburgh A role has arisen to join our client s team as a vital member positioned as a Premier Associate. As a Premier Associate you will deal exclusively with high value customers and will be the first voice they hear when they call for help, so you will need to make a favourable impression from the start to the end of every call. You will also be responsible for responding to queries, investigating issues and generally seeking to exceed the customers expectations. This is telephone based work and you will work within one of our busy and dynamic contact centres, where every call brings the chance to excel. Enjoy going the extra mile to provide a great level of service? Want the opportunity to progress your career with a global brand? These are just some of the things this role could mean for you. Our client offers a bespoke, personalised banking service for our high value (Premier) customers and they pride themselves on being there for them with a twentyfour/seven/**** support network built in for when needed, including emergency services on a global scale. As an instinctive communicator with an innate sales talent, you will always be listening out for the chance to add value to our customers and our business. You will thrive on spotting revenuegenerating opportunities and seeing these through to a conclusion. As a Premier Associate it s about constantly hitting high levels of service and energy, so our client is looking for bright, attentive individuals who can hit the right note from the word go and make their Premier customers feel valued. On a daytoday basis, you ll take ownership of and resolve customers enquiries, from opening an account or giving a balance to making an overseas payment or fund transfers. Key responsibilities will include: Listening to customers to identify and understand their needs Identifying sales opportunities and seeking to provide the right solution to meet our customers needs Taking ownership to resolve a range of customer queries including Lost Providing excellent service, going above and beyond customer s expectations On every single call Complying with the regulations and procedures that govern our business and products. The ideal candidate will be required to have: Strong professional communication skills, both oral and written Effective questioning techniques to establish customer needs quickly A resilient attitude and selfmotivation to achieve challenging targets Good keyboard skills and be able to capture data accurately on a computer A good eye for detail A desire to learn about our products and services and keep knowledge up to date A desire to work collaboratively with others in the interests of your team and wider business An ability to remain calm and objective under pressure Integrity and empathy A preference to work with minimal supervision and take appropriate responsibility for your actions Experience of working in a flexible and dynamic environment and be able to work shifts. Solar Selection are acting as an ethical recruitment consultancy on the behalf of its business partners