Title: Senior Credit Risk Manager, Collections and Recoveries
Webindex: 68844390
Company: Harnham Search and Selection Ltd
Description: Senior Credit Risk Manager, Collections and Recoveries This role provides a unique and exciting opportunity to be part of an environment whereby driving analytical capability is tantamount. You will use your extensive Credit Risk knowledge in an extremely influential role. COMPANY INFO This Senior Credit Risk manager opportunity is with a large retail banking organisation that are known for their innovative approach. This organisation operates across all consumer lending products and offer excellent opportunity to progress both skillset and career. The particular focus of this role is managerial, in a Credit Risk Collections and recoveries environment. ROLE INFO This role is in the Collections and Recoveries team, and will require you to develop approaches to ensure that collections and recoveries strategies are effective at the customer level . You will work from beginning to the end of the life cycle, and lead a team of analysts, ensuring that they deliver robust analytical expertise. You will use a background and understanding of SAS to oversee your teams analysis. Your overall goal will be to ensure a coherent and thorough approach across Collections and Recoveries and throughout the business. YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIEINCE  Extensive knowledge and understanding of Credit Risk  Background in Collections and recoveries would be ideal.  Background using SAS  Experience managing analytical teams  Strong stakeholder management ability. THE BENEFITS You can expect a salary of up to **** plus car allowance, bonus, pension and healthcare. HOW TO APPLY Send your CV to joeparsonsharnhamsearch.com and call **** **** **** for more info. KEY WORDS SAS, Credit Risk, financial services, collections and recoveries, modelling, scorecards, stress testing, economics, capital, portfolio, risk, data, analytics, portfolio analysis, collections stategy. ABOUT HARNHAM Harnham are specialist recruiters within the field of analytics with experience in placing highly skilled experts within global leaders in statistics, SAS analytics, insight, marketing, credit risk and business intelligence. Harnham have strong relationships with an array of global companies encompassing all of these fields. Senior Credit Risk Manager, Collections and Recoveries