Title: MI Advisor (HR)
Webindex: 72239161
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: Working for a large Financial Services company the role holder will work closely with HR and the wider business community and will be responsible for:  Producing organisationalwide People MI reports, analysis and detailed commentary to agreed time and quality standards.  Influencing and managing stakeholders to ensure the People MI framework, processes and systems are in place and operating effectively to support business objectives.  Working closely with our outsource HR provider to maintain Data Quality Assurance and the timely delivery of People MI to business groups.  Collaborate across the HR community and wider business, consistently delivering astute people related analytics and information, identifying relevant issues and trends.  In conjunction with the HR Systems Adviser, support the ongoing review and maintenance of the iTrent system ensuring that it is configured appropriately for business needs and maintained to support delivery of valid and reliable People MI. We are looking for people with the following skills:  Graduate calibre, ideally in a business related subject where extensive use of IT or data analysis was required.  HR qualification (desirable) or a breadth of understanding of generalist HR issues is essential to ensure the MI data and commentary provided is appropriate.  A successful track record of delivering best practice highquality People MI reports and analysis ideally obtained within a medium to large size MI, HR or Payroll environment.  Extensive understanding of MI systems, reporting tools and databases.  Advanced skills in Excel, including pivot tables  Skilled in using iTrent HR system and reporting using Business Objects reporting (desirable).  Strong analytical skills with the ability to spot trends and provide detailed analysis and commentary.  Excellent communication skills and the ability to pitch communications appropriately depending on the audience. What will you get from this role?  Salary of up to **** per annum depending on experience.  Annual performance related pay review and bonus.  Defined contribution pension scheme.  26 days holiday per annum plus bank holidays.  Extensive flexibenefits package. We prefer all applications to be submitted online, however if you require an alternative method of applying please contact the Resourcing team. Carlisle Managed Solutions is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MIAdvisorHR_job****