Title: INVESTMENT BANKING REGULATORY LIAISON MANAGER – FSA REGULATORY EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
Webindex: 68212197
Company: Compliance Recruitment Solutions
Description: We are recruiting for a global investment bank looking for a Compliance Manager to join their regulatory affairs team which communicates with UK amp; European regulators. Duties will include: bull; nbsp;Monitoring and analysing UK and European regulatory developments to ensure that those parts of the Bank that may be impacted by them can assess and, if necessary, respond to changes in good time. bull; nbsp;Working with regional/country teams outside Europe to derive an aggregate view of regulatory change across the Group. bull; nbsp;Provision of high quality written and verbal briefings and updates for senior management on regulatory matters. nbsp; Support their readiness for regulatory discussions. bull; nbsp;Periodic reporting to Bank senior management. bull; nbsp;Membership of and attendance of key Regulatory Committees and forums, primarily the Standing Committee on Regulatory Reform bull; nbsp;Helping determine the Bank rsquo;s approach and strategy to inform policy makers directly or via trade bodies. bull; nbsp;Develop and utilise a network of internal and external contacts to gather intelligence about the regulatory agenda to inform Bank rsquo;s response strategy. bull; nbsp;Attending committee and other meetings held by policy makers and trade bodies. bull; nbsp;Working with Group Public Affairs to influence the regulatory agenda and coordinating the international Compliance network to ensure timely responses to upcoming regulatory changes globally. bull; nbsp;Participating in consultations and lobbying in areas of regulatory change on behalf of the Group. bull; nbsp;Helping establish and maintain the Group rsquo;s policy for and engagement with the European Supervisory Authorities, trade bodies, and other key stakeholders (as agreed) in the area of regulatory developments You should have strong FSA compliance experience, with exposure to Investment banking or securities trading gained from an inhouse role, a consultancy or the Regulator with strong interpersonal skills amp; the ability to communicate effectively at all levels within the firm amp; externally. For further information or a confidential no obligation discussion, please feel free to call Chris Clarke on **** **** **** or send your details to him as below. nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; nbsp; Compliance Recruitment Solutions Limited (CRS) are acting as an employment agency in relation to this role. nbsp; The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove that they are legally entitled to work in the UK. Through application, all candidates signify their acceptance of the above information and confirm that the information they provide is true and accurate to the best of their knowledge. nbsp; nbsp;