Title: ILEX property lawyer
Webindex: 67441674
Company: Ringley Chartered Surveyors
Description: to apply either call our recruitment hotline **** **** **** (don’t forget to say which role you are applying for) OR Call Group MD, Maryanne Bowring **** **** anytime. CV’s to or Ringley Chartered Surveyors, Ringley House, **** Royal College Street, London Due to growth multiaward winning property company, The Ringley Group, seeks an ILEX property lawyer. Can you help us catch up on Client casework, bill fees we’re currently missing out on and become a valued caseworker in our Solicitor’s practice, Ringley Legal LLP. Autonomy: You’ll be responsible for a portfolio of Clients, we’ll expect you to get to know, advise and become respected by the Board of Directors that run various residential and mixed tenure and mixed use blocks of flats. Experience: We’ll expect relevant experience – you’ll either hold or be working towards relevant professional qualifications (ILEX, Licenced Conveyancer etc…). You’ll need to have rights of audience in Court. Relevant experience may include : litigation, mortgage processing, conveyancing, company secretaria. Varied work: Our remit is almost anything that falls out of a lease: service charge arrears, tenancy registrations, prelims, notices, share transfers, forfeiture, breaches (other than arrears), Licences (pets, alterations, sublet, assign), changes to memorandum to permit freehold purchase or sale of freehold shares. Liaison with other professionals: You’ll shadow the portfolio of **** Property Managers, they’ll rely on you to signpost solutions. You’ll need to be a motivated selfstarter, organised and able to manage processes. If they get busy you’ll be expected to go chase your arrears list to get the work started. Clients contact: You’ll be the type of person who feels confident articulating and explaining legal issues to Clients who come to us for advice. You’ll have a firm belief in the necessity of upholding the lease/contract and understand that attention to detail and being able to communicate clearly at all levels is key. A paperless future: You’ll need to be good with IT  increasingly we’re going paperless with records automatically archived in the cloud. This keeps things simple, you’ll do your own admin and billing and will be responsible for updating the casework database as you go. Interdepartment reports will highlight work you should go get, most Client have presigned terms with us, so it is as easy as going to check the brief with your Property Manager then delivering the solution. Opportunities: We’ll give you an opportunity to earn a competitive salary, take a share in what you bill and to work in a diverse team of other qualified property professionals. Ringley does not discriminate on the basis of any irrelevant factors. Flexible working conditions are available.