Title: CRM Analysis Manager
Webindex: 69670525
Company: Initi8 Recruitment
Description: CRM Analysis Manager  Required for a leading online financial services company based near Newcastle. Salary circa GBP****k plus excellent benefits and package. We have an urgent requirement for a CRM Analysis Manager to join a leading company within the financial services. Based in Gateshead, the CRM Analysis Manager will be responsible for developing clear retention strategies, while maintaining and improving the relationships with all types of their customer base. As the CRM Analysis Manager you will also be required to support the Head of Retention with operational and activity budget planning, analysis and ongoing performance management. Other responsibilities include   Design a proactive annual customer contact plan which reflects the overall strategic objectives, targets and budgets as well as ensure engagement and business buyin is to plan.  Review contact plan to ensure that all activity is updated based on campaign insight and evaluation to ensure commercial performance is continually optimised.  Set up suite of annual, monthly, weekly and daily MI reports which can be used by the wider business to track monitor and manage key performance indicators.  Deliver effective coaching and development to the team, both on a personal and team basis to ensure continuous improvement to performance. Required skills and experience   Previous experience in manipulating raw data and collate into meaningful reports and draw insights and analysis which enable recommendations for future activity planning.  Proven experience working across multiple areas of a business and influencing stakeholders in order to deliver wider business targets and objectives.  Must have an understanding of customer relationship management within a proactive channel environment with customer marketing an advantage. If you would like any additional information on the role/salary/location please do not hesitate to get in touch.