Title: Regional Financial Controller
Webindex: 66886592
Company: Prime Time Recruitment
Description: Regional Commercial Manager  Midlands Salary ****  **** and benefits Our client is a leading Transport/Distribution company with a dynamic portfolio of service provisions servicing many sectors in the economy. They have recently had a restructure and this has led to the need to create a new role, that of Commercial Manager to join their business based in the West Midlands. The main purpose of the role is to be part of the regional management team, responsible for financial analysis, advice and reporting for the region and to the operation ensuring that there are good levels of financial control and compliance. This is working closely with the operation, sales departments and with clients. Person Profile Experience working in the transport/distribution sector Proven track record in a similar financial role responsible for multiple locations. Qualified Accountant or to similar level by experience. Capable of managing multiple priorities and demands in a fast moving and dynamic business environment. Is well organised, plans ahead and able to work under pressure to critical deadlines and objectives. Confident and articulate. Commands respect through knowledge, experience and personal style. Able to effectively manage the regional role while reporting directly to the Finance Director. Works methodically and accurately with clear analytical and problem solving skills. High personal and professional credibility able to influence without direct authority and at a senior level of the organisation. Highly proficient user of MS Office in particular excel and PowerPoint. Has regard for the wider business interest and the need to work as part of a team. Able and willing to travel across the region. This is an exciting opportunity, if you are looking to join a successful and fast moving business for your next role please do apply immediately. Please Note  due to the high level of responses that we are receiving we can only respond to applications that are appropriate to the role  specifically a qualified Accountant or to a similar level by experience and will have worked in a Transport/ Distribution company