Title: Everyday Banking End to End Risk Consultant
Webindex: 68700322
Company: The Co operative Banking Group
Description: We’ve never compromised our values. We’ll never ask you to compromise yours. As a key member of the Bank’s Every Day Banking business, you will be responsible for working with the Risk Manager to ensure that the target customer outcomes relating to the Everyday Banking product portfolio are being successfully delivered within the Bank’s risk appetite at all stages of the product lifecycle. You will be required to play a key role in the management of conduct and operational risk and will, as required, undertake a leadership role in any remedial activity required to address any observed failures in the customer outcomes. Personally, you will embody a high performance culture which inspires and motivates the Everyday banking team to deliver tangible results. You will become a role model in championing the Cooperative Banking Group values by working with colleagues across the Retail business to maintain and develop the organisational culture and company reputation, aligning with the successful delivery of the Customer Promise.Other key responsibilities of your role will entail;  Working closely with the Everyday Banking team, ensure there is a clear articulation of the target customer outcomes aligned to the Bank’s risk appetite at all stages of the product lifecycle for the Everyday banking portfolio  Defining and ensure delivery of the MI required from internal providers and the Bank’s MI/insight teams that will enable an assessment of the extent to which target outcomes are being delivered (including any wider TCF reporting requirements)  Agreement of service levels / performance standards with internal providers  Support the smooth running of the governance/oversight forums required to undertake the role  Input to the production of a monthly report to the Business Manager Policy and Risk and Head Everyday Banking (the product category management report) that provides an assessment of the delivery of the target outcomes and exceptions arising.  Ensuring issues/exceptions arising are under management (taking a delivery role as required) and evidence is provided of successful resolution of issues.  Support the E****E manger in the proactive identification of cost saving opportunities in the endtoend processes.  Defining requirements and utilise analysis of regular complaints information, using insight gained to determine key areas of focus  Proactive identification of control weaknesses within the end to end processes and influencing/leading as required to address  Working with the policy and risk teams to ensure the end to end governance framework remains fit for purpose.  Working closely with Risk Policy and Product colleagues to ensure Incident / risk reporting and management is in place  Review/feedback of audit/compliance reviews impacting Everyday Banking To do this successfully you will need to possess the following skills and experience;  Proven experience of operating at a similar level.  Proven understanding of the Bank’s savings business and the wider UK Savings Market  Proven communication (written and verbal) and influencing skills  Substantial problem solving skills  Self–motivated and confident in dealing with key stakeholders  Proven organisational skills  Excellent attention to detail  Strong relationship management and communication skills  Strong leadership and motivational skills  Ability to deal with multiple issues, tasks and priorities concurrently  Uses a range of interpersonal skills and relationship building skills to deliver customer focused outcomes We truly believe in rewarding our people for all the work they do. It’s our way of saying thank you for a job well done. So here are just a few of the benefits you can look forward to when you join us.  contributory pension scheme  flexible working hours  family leave benefits  employment breaks  healthcare discounts We know how important it is for you to look after your future. We also know that everyone is different. So we make sure our benefits fit around your needs – whatever they may be. We are passionate about equal opportunities and welcome a broad diversity of talent to apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EverydayBankingEndtoEndRiskConsultant_job****