Title: Commercial Business Development Director
Webindex: 71634364
Company: RBS Group
Description: Here at The Royal Bank of Scotland Group Invoice Finance (RBS IF) business, we utilise clients debtor books to turn outstanding invoices into usable capital, advancing up to 90% of the value of invoices within 24 hours, normally on the day that they are raised. Primarily we offer three types of invoice finance: asset based lending, invoice discounting and factoring. Our vision is that by 2015, we ll have significantly increased our advances to UK businesses by leading the market in working capital and assetbased funding solutions as the most innovative and clientfocused provider. As a Commercial Business Development Director you ll need to:Deliver quality and sustainable new income against agreed targetsBe the product partner of choice for invoice financeDevelop strong RBS Invoice Finance internal relationshipsIdentify, acquire and deliver complex structured invoice finance solutions to meet client working capital needsMeet and exceed stretching sales targets on a monthly basisDemonstrate and strengthen understanding of Corporate Market values and embed them in all activities The Individual To be successful as a Commercial Business Development Director, you ll need to have strong relationship building skills and possess the ability to communicate and influence at all levels. You ll also be adept at creating and implementing business development pans to identify sources and maximise new business opportunities. Additionally, you ll have a determination to 'make it happen' and continually show a positive attitude and 'can do' approach. And you ll have experience working within a corporate environment, with Invoice Finance experience being advantageous. In return, we offer one of the most innovative and competitive salary packages you ll find in the financial services industry. Whatever your circumstances, you ll find a combination of benefits that come together to fit your lifestyle where you ll have the opportunity to take an extra 30% in addition to your basic salary as a mix of cash and/or benefits which could include healthcare, insurance and a pension plan, to childcare, training courses or more free time to live your life. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken.