Title: Senior Professional Indemnity Underwriter Manchester, ****k
Webindex: 67299679
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Senior Professional Indemnity Underwriter Manchester ****k  Attractive Package A global insurer is looking to recruit an experienced Professional Indemnity Underwriter to focus on large, complex cases across the UK regions whilst using their knowledge to develop the market offering. The Role The successful applicant will be responsible for writing large, complex Profession Indemnity cases across the UK regions by using sound technical knowledge and market intelligence gained through hands on experience in this sphere. Particular focus will be an existing panel of brokers across the North West of England and the Midlands who are able to provide such business, and your role will be to asses each case on it s merits and write business profitable to the organisation. Your transferable existing relationships will of course be attractive. The role requires an individual with in depth knowledge of Professional Indemnity clients, cases and associated risks as they will be expected to act as a point of referral for junior colleagues and in circumstances where PI is to be written as part of a combined policy. The Company Our client is a leading Insurer with a fantastic global reputation. They possess an outstanding market presence as a genuine UK market leader due to the range of products they offer and the calibre of their employees. They are keen to employ the best and offer excellent remuneration packages, as well as encouraging staff development through continuous training and help with professional qualifications. The Benefits Up to ****k  package. The Successful Applicant For your application to be considered, you will have excellent knowledge of PI insurance as well as the associated risks, whilst the ACII qualification (or equivalent) would be advantageous. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful