Title: HR Business Partner  Financial Services
Webindex: 72449299
Company: Love and Tate Appointments
Description: Contract role up to 14 months. Central London. This is a contract role with a leading global brand in the financial services sector. Working collaboratively as part of a small team, you will provide proactive HR Business Partnering to key directorates covering client groups in London, US and Canada. Demonstrate your ability to operate at a strategic and operational level within HR and the business as you support both specific people related initiatives and business as usual activity. Overall you will work with the wider HR team to deliver the HR Cycle, business as usual deliverables, consistency in HR policy and practice and HR project work. Specific areas of responsibility and accountability will focus around Relationship Management, People Management, Information Management and Risk Management. You will need to work quickly to build strong and effective relationships with the leaders of your designated business areas as well as establishing a collaborative relationship with other key members of the HR team and HR Service Centre. You will act as the main point of contact for employees to escalate HR related matters in these areas, and work with the leaders to develop and implement the People Plans and to support the achievement of both the Business and HR Strategy, and review these quarterly. Continually striving to engage with senior leaders and teams and maximise communication channels, you will p rovide individual, developmental advice in a mentoring and coaching capacity, to encourage employees and managers to maximise their performance. This will include assisting with talent management and development, personal development and succession planning. Other elements of the role will include working with the HR Service Centre to ensure accurate data management and all controls and reporting processes are managed. You will also be analysing, interpreting and utilising data to maximise cost efficiencies, identify areas for improvement and make recommendations for improvements across all relevant areas. For this role you will need to demonstrate a proven track record of successful HR generalist experience at Business Partner level within a large corporate, financial services or professional services organisation. Other requirements include: Experience working in a fast paced, change orientated environment with multiple (and often highly demanding) senior stakeholders. Excellent interpersonal skills with an emphasis on communication and relationship management and t he ability to foster excellent working relationships at all levels.  Commercially focused and results oriented. Clear understanding of HR best practice and relevant employment law.  Graduate or equivalent calibre, and ideally CIPD qualified.   Working knowledge of the North America client group would be advantageous. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HRBusinessPartnerFinancialServices_job****