Title: Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultan, Guildford
Webindex: 68708296
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: As a Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant you will receive the best training on the market. You will enjoy both centralised multidisciplined formal training as well as local day to day support from Directors, Managers and Senior Consultants. As a Recruitment Consultant your responsibilities will be varied and may include:  Development of relationships with new and existing clients. This is both phone and face to face meetings  Meeting candidates and putting together plans with them to help them secure a job  Selling solutions  be it advertising, comprehensive recruitment campaigns or other  Ad hoc projects  be it helping to organise a team night out, region wide competition or other We are more interested in the personality and ambition of the individual than necessarily what people have done in their career to date. We want people who enjoy working in an energetic, competitive and fun environment. Most people who work for Michael Page can demonstrate success  be it academically, on the sports field or elsewhere. Michael Page is a great place to start your career. We are a highly successful organisation who put a tremendous emphasis on being the best  we look to provide the best service to our candidates and clients, we look go have the best teams  both in terms of their success and in having fun within them, we believe we provide the best training and development opportunities for our staff  proven by our consistently rising position within the Sunday Times Top 100 Companies to work for (we were **** in 2012) and our constant promotion from within. Whilst we employ circa **** people in the UK we also operate across 32 countries worldwide  and actively encourage those looking for a global career to pursue opportunities internationally. In summary, if you are looking to build a career within an a to attract the best Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateTraineeRecruitmentConsultanGuildford_job****