Title: General Insurance Team Leader
Webindex: 68061961
Company: Michael Boyd Associates
Description: General Insurance Team Leader SouthendonSea, Essex area Salary **** plus OTE **** Permanent I have a new, exciting opportunity within an expanding insurance firm. My client is looking for a motivational team leader, who has experience of dealing with General insurance products. Ideally the individual will have a good technical understanding of Household insurance products, and procedures. In order to achieve the companies vision and objectives, The individual will be working with the Client Services team, insurers, and will be implementing technical training. Responsibilities Include :  Ability to train and present training courses on General insurance;  Lead a new team of **** people;  Ensure liaison with insurers is documented and current;  Ensure advisors are working towards ICOB regulations;  Provide personable assistance to the team directly;  Lead the General Insurance team for outbound campaign calls;  Sales reporting via sales board systems;  Implement a good, technical understanding of Household insurance products;  Efficient and compliant handling of client communication, regarding policy applications; and  Support management to ensure work carried out has adhered to FSA guidelines. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone who is keen to work interactively within a team environment. The ideal candidate will be enthusiastic, and offer leadership experience within a General Insurance environment. The person will be able to handle day to day processes, including complaints and issues in a professional, effective manner. This is a new challenge for a motivational individual, who enjoys responsibility, is experienced in general insurance products, and has man management experience. The working hours are Monday Friday 10am to 8pm, the candidate must be flexible. If you have the skills and experience for this position, please send me your CV today Please note that due to the high level of applications received only suitable candidates with the above experience will be contacted. If you would like to apply for this position, please send your CV to katie.spencer michaelboyd.co.uk and she will contact you for an initial discussion. ‘Michael Boyd Recruitment’– continuously selected as Preferred Recruitment Partner by both employers and candidates since **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GeneralInsuranceTeamLeader_job****