Title: Assistant Business Analyst
Webindex: 69170505
Company: Safe Store
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION: Assistant Business Analyst POSITION IN ORGANISATION Reporting into: Business Analyst Supervises: N/A JOB PURPOSE This role is known for producing management reports on a store, regional and company level by extracting, manipulating and uploading data using internal databases. In addition it supports operational teams by establishing, maintaining and analysing various adhoc reports. KEY PRINCIPLES OF THE JOB Extract data from Spacemanager and Financial Reporting system Use established skills to adjust the initial data through MS Excel.  Produce the reporting weekly, monthly and cumulative sales trends by various methods including store, region, division, company and category.  Assist with the reporting of weekly, monthly, quarterly, sixmonthly and annual store performance. Assist with maintaining the key KPI’s on a regular basis which summarise all store customer data. Model and monitor the impact of business decisions and change proposals Support the Business Analyst and the Commercial Analyst with solution design and implementation. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES Regular detailed reporting of current trading patterns trends demonstrated via the provision of relevant business information such as reports, graphs or charts  Oversee, benchmark, trend and analyse all key statistics, presenting information in a user friendly manner which will enable others in the BP A team to interpret in the most effective manner. Provide support to enable analysis of our existing customer base to calculate the value of customers and the impact of any strategic changes  Assist with the collection and review of all data required by Operations to enable fast and effective solutions  Adhere to all policies, internal control procedures and routines. Responsibility for checking accuracy of all information relayed on all company analysis, through rigid controls.  Develop, maintain and enhance excel based reports on sales information Crossfunctional cooperation with various departments across the business to work on multiple projects relating to all of the above  Assist with the review of budgets, forecasts, costs and sales  Note in addition to the details listed above you will be required to carry out any other duties as required EXPERIENCE/SKILLS REQUIRED Currently working or intending to work towards CIMA/ACA/ACCA qualification as part of their professional development. Knowledge of data analysis with the ability to maintain large quantities of data and extract meaningful information Can demonstrate commercial awareness and business acumen Intermediate Level MS Excel skills capable of data manipulation including use of pivot tables, vlookups, concatenate, round, averages and graphical output etc. Understands MS PowerPoint basics Able to communicate confidently Understands the concepts of time management so can plan effectively Logical thinker, able to work autonomously and use initiative Further Details Salary:Up to **** (depending on experience) Other:Financial sponsorship of professional development Based:Safestore Head Office, Borehamwood This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AssistantBusinessAnalyst_job****