Title: Receptionist / Administrator  Financial Services
Webindex: 69592286
Company: hunt4staff.com
Description: Our client is a prestigious long established company based in Cheshire providing financial services to High Net Worth Ultra High Net Worth individuals in the surrounding regions. They are currently seeking a Receptionist an Administrator to provide secretarial services excellent, professional front of house services to their customers visitors. Ideally you will have worked within the financial services industry have a good understanding of terminology the types of services our client will provide. You will have the ability to audio type as well as provide general copy typing duties to the team of Financial Advisers Paraplanners. You will be responsible for making sure the board room reception facilities are maintained to a high standard, ensuring facilities are in full readiness for visiting clients. The ideal Receptionist Administrator will be enthusiastic, well presented able to support a fast growing team (with an understanding of the need to be discreet) have the professionalism to deal with clients other financial services companies. Hunt4Staff is operating as a recruitment advertising partner. As such, every application will be passed directly to our client. As a candidate, you can be confident your application will reach the recruiting decision maker. Your duties in this role will include: General management of the boardroom facilities reception area. Providing reception services to a high quality level. Providing copy audio typing services when required. Utilising bespoke software packages to provide reports. Answering the telephones dealing with all calls appropriately. Managing incoming outgoing correspondence. The ideal candidate will possess the following skills and qualities: Previous experience within the financial services industry. Hold a qualification in secretarial or administrative duties or have demonstrable experience of providing copy / audio typing services. Ability to maintain manage onsite facilities to a high standard. As well as have the necessary confidence professional demeanour to deal with clients business partners. Show excellent attention to detail. Be enthusiastic with a cando attitude. Be an advanced user of MS Word, Outlook previous experience of using MS Excel. Ability to work under pressure tight deadlines. Salary and reward package: Salary is between **** **** depending on skills experience. 25 days annual leave plus statutory entitlement. Life cover up to 4 x salary. Office hours are 9am to 5pm Monday to Friday there is plenty of free local parking. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ReceptionistAdministratorFinancialServices_job****