Title: Customer Analysis Manager
Webindex: 68700238
Company: West Bromwich Building Society
Description: Customer Analysis Manager Salary: Circa **** – **** depending upon experience Full Time Permanent Location: Head Office, West Bromwich Our Data Analysis Team are currently recruiting for a Customer Analysis Manager to join them to manage the Society's CRM program and support the Society by providing detailed analysis of the Society's customers and products. The role holder will be responsible for developing a dynamic customer segmentation model for use in marketing campaigns and product/service development. You will be required to identify trends and patterns within customer data, developing customer profiles for the Society's key customer groups (branch, channel, product, campaign etc) and manage the production of all campaign lists. The successful candidate will be responsible for day to day management of the Customer Analysis Team. Therefore you will be able to demonstrate the ability to manage your own and team's workload, prioritising as appropriate to ensure deadlines and key project milestones are met. This is a highly complex role requiring application of specialist knowledge to ongoing data analysis and a good understanding of statistical modelling and modelling techniques. The ideal candidate will be educated to degree standard in a relevant subject, have experience of data mining or statistical software – at least one of SAS, SPSS Business Objects or equivalent and possess professional experience of segmentation techniques. You will be a confident communicator to interpret and present complex analytical data, in a verbal or written manner, to various audiences. This will require the ability to explain technical information to a nontechnical audience. In taking forward recommendations from any analysis, the role holder is expected to be able to influence and persuade internal customers to take the appropriate action. In return, we will offer you the opportunity to develop a career with one of the UK's leading mutual Building Societies, a challenging and rewarding role and an excellent benefits package. Inspired by the Society's Vision and Values, it's not just what we do but how we treat our colleagues and customers that makes the people at the West Brom really stand out from our competitors. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerAnalysisManager_job****