Title: Facilities Manager Job  London
Webindex: 72651149
Description: Our client, a leading financial services company, currently seeks a Facilities Manager for a 12 month contract, to be based in London The Facilities Manager will be responsible for: Effective management of Facilities soft Services; Mail; Reprographics; Archiving; Reception; Switchboard; HelpDesk; Catering; Vending; Stationery; Conference Rooms; Housekeeping Deliver projects as required, to agreed objectives, related to Facilities Management Services Effectively manage, lead and develop teams and individuals, including outsourced FM Vendors where appropriate, along with their extended teams. To ensure effective controls are in place to manage company physical assets, environment, and investments, and ensure compliance with business continuity processes and procedures. Ensure adherence to policies and procedures along with clear understanding of communication lines, Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning, and Occupational Health & Safety obligations and liabilities. Propose and agree annual Operating and Capital Budget Plans to agreed timelines and expectations. Manage services and projects to these Plans and deliver effective reporting against Plan. As such, the successful Facilities Manager will have the following skills and experience: Proven delivery of high quality FM customer services and clientfocused approach  Strong bias to soft services  Experience working directly for a financial organisation PC skills (covering Microsoft Packages) Strong team player, with ability to work effectively in multi functional teams, and in matrix set up with dottedline, and projectbased reporting. Strong commercial acumen and management of vendors Strong financial acumen and proven delivery of value for money services and projects Perceived as a credible subject matter expert in facilities management  Must be available at short notice This is a great opportunity for an experienced Facilities Manager with the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of staff and suppliers, and strong negotiation skills. If you have the above qualities, and wish to further your career as a Facilities Manager, then please apply today.  Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****