Title: Payroll and Pensions Administrator
Webindex: 71183634
Company: Adecco Group
Description: Payroll Officer Pensions Administrator Fixed term/secondment until 31st December 2013 Job Summary  Management of the payroll system including the processing of a monthly payroll, ensuring a high level of efficiency and accuracy, in line with Company Policy and Statutory requirements ensuring confidentiality and data integrity at all times.  To provide confidential administration service to the Company Pension Chairperson and the Pension Trustees. Brief Description Payroll  Prepare and process monthly payroll in line with Company Policy including sick pay, overtime and other adhoc payments, ensuring compliance with statutory requirements.  Produce all payroll associated administration including calculation of payments and deductions and ensuring payroll related employee data is updated and accurate.  Run Year End processing for payroll in line with statutory requirements. Time and Attendance  Manage all aspects of the time and attendance system including creating new users and updating user security in accordance with Data Protection and ISMS rules.  Process employee changes as dictated by the Change Notice system and any other user changes following written requests.  Complete weekly downloads of T A data for payroll processing. Pensions/Insurance Administration  Provide full administrative support to the company pension scheme ensuring legislative requirements is met.  Provide full administrative support to the company health insurances i.e. PPP, PHI, Executive Medicals, Life Assurance, Dependants plan. Hours of Work  Standard days with flexi time  Flexible holiday pattern Requirements  Must have GCSE Maths and English grade C or above.  Must have a minimum of 2 years payroll and pensions experience in a similar role.  Applicants will be proficient in the use of IT applications such as Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Access and Lotus Notes etc.  Must have excellent communication skills and must have an eye for detail.  Must have excellent time management skills and be able to prioritise work due to a varied and busy workload.  Knowledge of Sage Snowdrop HR software would be advantageous. Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PayrollandPensionsAdministrator_job****