Title: Head of Learning & Development
Webindex: 68668219
Company: Carr Lyons.
Description: Our client, a medium sized Financial Services firm, have a very exciting opportunity for a Head of Learning Development to join them on a permanent basis. Providing leadership to an established team of **** you will ensure the L D function is delivering fit for purpose training solutions in support of the business HR strategies. This is an FSA regulated environment, and you will have an oversight for T C area – to that end it’s important that you have uptodate experience of working in the current FSA regulatory environment.  Lead, review and critique the work of the L D team to ensure effective delivery of training interventions, policies and procedures.  Work with the business and HR to identify training needs and design, implement and evaluate appropriate learning and assessment solutions.  Oversee the development of effective T C strategies, policies and processes to meet the requirements of the appropriate regulatory bodies and the needs of the business  Work with broader HR function on a number of high projects in support of the firms strategy – performance management, talent management etc.  Manage the L D budget to ensure the best use of funds available.  Provide relevant management information and reporting. This is a fantastic role for a pragmatic and practical L D Manager who is solutions driven and commercially astute. You will be a down to earth relationship manager who will build and establish trustbased solution orientated relationships with senior stakeholders, understanding their business needs and translating those into effective learning strategies that deliver a real difference. You must have a current understanding of the FSA regulatory environment and T C requirements, and experience managing a team, very open on experience beyond this – we would for instance consider a HR Generalist who is looking to move into L D, the relationship management and solution orientated approach is crucial This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofLearningDevelopment_job****