Title: ECommerce Consultant
Webindex: 68679842
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: ECommerce Business Development Consultant  Commercial Insurance Etrading has become more prominent in recent years with more and more brokers benefiting from faster response times and increased efficiencies that online etrading can provide. Our client have invested heavily in their IT and etrading strategy and are seeking an experienced ecommerce business development consultant based in the South West of England to drive the successful roll out and take up if their newest technologies. Working closely with the branch network, you will drive the successful roll out and take up of our clients major investment in IT and etrade technology through design, implementation and delivery of IT, etrade technology, broker switchon and user training strategies. Aligning clients and major target brokers through face to face meetings with broker operations and IT managers you will develop the relationships with brokers to achieve the following:  Increased revenue through the etrading platforms  Increased conversion of quotations  Generate and convert cross selling opportunities between product lines  Identify book roll opportunities. Skills and Experience  Considerable experience in the SME Commercial Insurance broker market with a working knowledge and understanding of ETrading / ECommerce platforms.  Excellent communication, relationship building and stakeholder management skills.  Ideally experience of using Acturis.  Ability to understand and discuss technical issues succinctly and communicate these issues appropriately.  You will have experience of using electronic distribution. Our client are a leaking national insurance company and can offer an exceptional package to include generous basic remuneration, bonus, pension, PMI, income protection and life assurance. If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ECommerceConsultant_job****