Title: Group Accounts Assistant
Webindex: 72237501
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: The Group Accounts Assistant role will include but not limited to the following:  Posting of monthly journal for Circulation Income received from Frontline across all London titles  Posting of monthly journal for marketing costs  Reconciliation of Circulation debtor balance sheet account Subscriptions Income  Posting of monthly journal for subscriptions revenue across all titles  Reconciliation of subscriptions cash received  Posting of monthly journal for subscriptions cash received  Reconciliation of deferred income balance sheet account  Reconciliation of paper stock balance sheet account  Reconciliation of intercompany balances and liaising with the Bristo The successful candidate: Will have a strong academic background and will have demonstrated a desire to learn and develop. Will have a proven track record of taking ownership of their work. Will be helping to find new ways of working and introduce efficiencies. Will have a solid base understanding of finance, double entry and balance sheets. Will have Strong Excel skills and previous use of an accounting system are an advantage. The role would suit a part qualified accountant or someone who is looking to gain an accountancy qualification. The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE.p>A media company that specialises in market leading brands, great talent and technology for publishing and digital platforms. The company is commited to building a culture based on success and taking pride in what they do. They support and nurture people and create a fantastic place for people to work and enjoy. A competitive salary and benefits package Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GroupAccountsAssistant_job****