Title: Royalty Accountant from the Brand Licensing/Merchandising Industry  London
Webindex: 70327996
Company: PARHAM CONSULTING LIMITED
Description: Royalty Accountant from the Brand Licensing/Merchandising Industry  London Royaltiesexperienced Accountancy or Finance Staff required from the Brand Licensing/Merchandising/Consumer Products Industry. Salary: Circa **** plus discretionary bonus and benefits package (possibility of a higher basic salary for a more experienced candidate) THE COMPANY: This a global brand licensing and merchandising company, involved in media, fashion and sports, for the purpose of licensing, marketing and media rights. For a definition of ?licensing? in this context, see www.licensing.org. A good example of merchandising/licensing is when a range of toys or products are released to promote a film or TV series (e.g. Star Wars, Toy Story, Transformers, The Simpsons, etc.). THE JOB: The crux of the role is client reporting and royalty analysis. There is a variety of tasks here, around client statements and various royalty calculations, invoicing and receivables. This is also a clientfacing role in that you will be communicating with licensors and their clients. There is also a lot of internal communication, hence the emphasis on communication and interpersonal skills here. EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: The essential attributes and experience required for this role is as follows: ? A degree or equivalent ? A minimum of 3 years of postgraduate experience in accountancy or finance ? Previous experience in the Licensing/Brand Merchandising industry ? A minimum of 2 years, preferably at least 3 years of experience in Royalties/Royalty accounting ? Good Excel skills ? Excellent standard of both written and spoken English ? this is a clientfacing role. ? Ability to translate contractual terms ? High level of numeracy ? A professional manner but also assertive: Able to handle the strong personalities found in this industry Please note the above are essential: You require all of the above to be eligible for this role. Desirable, but not essential are any of the following: ? SAP enduser experience ? Ability to speak French, German, Spanish or Italian. THE OPPORTUNITY: As for the next step careerwise here, there is the potential to move into a wider accountancy role. This role is royaltiesspecific, but the career path is to move up to become the ?Business Unit Accountant?. Longerterm, this is a large company with a lot of finance staff in other divisions, so opportunities often open up in other areas. Additionally, this company is a very good name to have on your CV Why do this? Why come here? This is a global, international and challenging role, not a bogstandard finance role, it?s a cross between finance and business. Due to the analytical aspect of the role, you will build up a great deal of commercial awareness in the licensing industry and an insight into other industries due to the variety of products being licensed. This is a ?get out what you put in? situation: If all you want to do is analyse royalties, that?s absolutely fine, but that?s all you?ll do. However, if you want to get really involved and interact with other colleagues such as the salespeople and product approvals staff, the job will become a lot more meaningful, you?ll learn a lot more and the job will be far more fun Location: London