Title: Pensions Administrator  Employee Benefits
Webindex: 70315566
Company: First 2 Recruit Ltd
Description: Our client is looking for a Pensions Administrator to join their Employee Benefits team in Salisbury. The Employee Benefits team work in conjunction with regulated consultants to provide employers with full support to meet both legislation and good practice. It is vital that the team support the employer and their HR function to ensure smooth deliver of the benefits such as Pensions and Group life products across the workforce. The role will consist of provision of benefit ranges as required by employers, rebroking existing benefits to ensure they remain competitive and answering enquiries from both existing members and potential new joiners. Experience of working with Group Pension and risk based benefit work is key to this role. The ideal person will have good keyboard skills and experience in MS Office packages to include, Word, Excel and Outlook. Good numeracy and literacy skills are essential, you will be required to communicate with clients and their staff on a regular basis by letter, telephone and email. You will need to be comfortable working on your own as well as part of a team, possess problem solving skills and good communication skills at several levels. Customer service skills and good telephone skills are essential. Capability to mentor and support other work colleagues in areas of expertise. Knowledge and understanding of HMRC and legislative practices in line with company policies and procedures. This role is advertised by First **** Recruit Ltd  for more vacancies please visit www.first****recruit.co.uk Please note we regret that due to the high volume of CV's received we cannot give individual feedback to candidates, if you are not contacted within **** working days of submitting your CV please assume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. First **** Recruit Ltd is an equal opportunities employer and is committed to a policy of treating all its employees and job applicants equally regardless of race, colour, ethnic origin, nationality, national origin, religion or belief, gender, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, age or perceived age, marital or civil partnership status or disability.