Title: Management Accountant  9 month contract
Webindex: 69545777
Company: Reed Specialist Recruitment
Description: A Management Accountant is required to take on this 9 month contract. Duties include:  Production of month end activity & reports along with ad hoc projects & reports  Group Capex projects and providing Budget & Forecast information for submission  Look at processes & suggest improvements  Communicate with Commercial&Operational staff at all levels including Engineering & Manufacturing  Maintain & ensure integrity of reporting systems & financial information  Capture, record & control financial management information  Accurately report all aspects of supply chain on a period basis  Ensuring no missing SKU's & sold / forecast information about SKU's is available in Cognos  Providing costing to the business This is an excellent opportunity to get some great experience that will really enhance your CV. You will be a Qualified Accountant, preferably ACA or CIMA with a good degree of post qualification experience. You must be able to demonstrate how you have effected change and the difference you have made in your roles. You should have examples of your key achievements in previous posts. In addition, you will have a proven track record of process improvement. You should ideally be on no more than **** month's notice due to the need to get someone in quickly. It would be desirable if you have a strong background in the FMCG sector but this is not essential. It is preferable if you have worked for a number of different companies, ideally bluechip & complex businesses. You need to be able to encompass change and it would be useful if you have had exposure to a supply chain environment. I'd really like to hear from any candidates with experience of Cognos, SKU's, Capex and product costing within a manufacturing environment. You will be competent in maintaining relationships with cost centre managers and challenging spend levels if needed. You will be able to prepare month end journals & accruals and ensure integrity of information on the P&L and Balance Sheet. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business.