Title: KDB Q  Sr Developer
Webindex: 68994920
Company: Huxley Associates
Description: Huxley Associates Key client which is a leading International Investment Bank is looking to hire Strong Kdb Developer for their Algorithmic Trading Technology team based in PUNE. About The Division: The client is seeking a strong motivated individual to be part of the clients strategic core team based in India that will work on analytics platform that supports their algorithmic trading in all the regions. Scope of the position also includes development and support of components for interfacing with market data, order entry execution and postexecution systems. Algorithmic Trading is a key component for their Electronic Execution business. The successful candidate will be an important member of a highly visible team and will directly contribute to the growth and success of the technology platform and the business. The candidate will join a highly motivated and skilled group of technologists and will work closely with strategists, traders, other development teams and support organizations in a fast paced environment. The candidate will participate in all phases of the project life cycle from requirements gathering to deployment. Key Responsibilities:  Work with internal customers to gather requirements  Design, implement, integrate, and test new features  Design and manage the analytics platform globally.  Collaborate with other implementation teams inside the organization Knowledge/Experience: We are seeking someone with solid experience in developing and distributing analytics for both realtime and historical systems in Kdb/Java/C++ running on Linux. Technical qualifications:  Willing to do handson and manage a small high performance to team to deliver high quality systems.  Minimum of 5 years hands on development experience in Kdb/Kdb.  Experience in developing analytics both real time and historical at any financial institution is desired.  Experience with messaging systems such as ****West LBM, Solace, TIBCO EMS or similar middleware is nice to have.  Good grasp of statistical methods.  Experience is Core Java/C++ is desirable.  RDBMS experience in SQL Server or Sybase  Experience in automated testing and using tools such as Junit/Nunit.  Strong object oriented design and programming fundamentals If you or someone you know is interested in the opportunity call Annpurna Bist at (Apply online only) or e mail your updated resume