Title: Media Billing Clerk
Webindex: 68699820
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: As a Media Billing Clerk the key responsibilities in this role will include: To provide consistent, precise and timely analysis of client billing. Assist in the preparation of month end reports for agencies Ensure through review of reports that all clients are billed to agreed contractual commitments Reviewing accuracy and quality of data prior to submission to manager and client Continually reviewing and working to improve existing data Attend Client and Media meetings where required Prepare and maintain portfolio’s of client Billing and Reconciliations requirements Adhere to timetable of client Billing and Reconciliation requirements Liaising with Client Accounting Managers and the Credit Successful candidates for this role must have a stable background in media billings/WIP management. It is essential to have a proven track record within a large team and can demonstrate expertise in self motivation. Candidates will also be commercially focused with a strong client service approach, and have confidence in dealing and building relationships both internally/externally. Excellent written and oral communication skills are a also a must along with strong Excel knowledge, preferably to pivot table and lookup level and a high level of accuracy and attention to detail. Other character traits include: Well organised with strength in prioritising Page Personnel work with a number of nationally and internationally recognised advertising, PR, marketing and professional services business who have large finance departments which incorporate a Billing Department. Typically these companies are based in London  West End, Central and West. These roles are superb opportunities to build and enhance a career in the media industry often with excellent offices and a busy environment. Competitive salaries on offer. Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MediaBillingClerk_job****