Title: Cross Asset  Regulatory Business Analyst  AWESOME OPPORTUNITY
Webindex: 63790883
Company: Aston Carter Ltd
Description: Associate, AVP or VP. This position has **** headcount, and they can hire at any level from Associate through to Vice President. You will be brought in to the organisation at your current level unless exceptional circumstances arise. This is a role which will not pigeon hole you into one regulation, and will allow you to learn and develop your career by working in new areas. The initial project you will be working on will be a DoddFrank project dealing with the Front Office Credit team alongside a markitwire / swapswire team. This project kicks off in January and they are looking to hire in Q**** giving enough time for candidates to wait for bonuses. The next project on the agenda after the ****  12 months DoddFrank programme is expected to be in the Risk space, however this could change over the next few months. They expect candidates to get exposure to Basel II and III as well as Mifid, FATCA, CASS and FINREP / COREP. These projects are fully budgeted and this team is one of the most visible in the bank due to the constant introduction of new regulations. This position represents an unrivalled opportunity to add to your skill set and work in a variety of different interesting business and regulatory areas. You are expected to be keen to develop your career and skill set, enthusiastic about an unrivalled challenge as well as showing the aptitude to be able to take on board new information quickly. Whether you are working direct for an Investment Bank already, or working as a consultant within a capital markets function you would be expected to have experience with ONE of the following: DoffFrank Basel II / III Mifid FATCA CASS FINREP / COREP FSA Transaction Reporting It would be expected that you are currently working in a permanent role, showing good career progression, and looking for a long term career opportunity. Please send CVs direct to Matthew at mmeliaastoncarter.co.uk Thanks for your time.