Title: Technical Healthcare Administrator
Webindex: 72454922
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: A professional, reputable Consultancy  dealing with Employee Benefits, Investments, Pensions and Actuarial products  are currently recruiting for an experienced, technicallyastute Healthcare (PMI) Administrator to join the business on a permanent basis. Within this role, the main responsibility will be to provide professional and efficient sales administration and technical consulting support to the Healthcare Consulting team in the Redhill office, with the view for taking on a small portfolio to manage in the future (i.e. progressing into an Associate Account manager role). More specifically, this role will also include:  Analysing Healthcare data; preparation and administration of quotes and assisting in preparation of tender documentation.  Production of management information from PMI providers, and presenting analysis in a client friendly format.  Assist Account Manager/Account Director with market reviews and client projects, as required. Providing technical support and assisting with the preparation of client reports and client meetings, possibly attending some.  Building strong relationships and liaising with insurer contacts over all client administration and monthly claims information. The successful applicants should currently hold an indepth knowledge of the UK PMI/Healthcare industry, and will be able to demonstrate the skills to provide accurate, indepth and timely administration in regards to policies in this market. You should be educated to GCSE level, as well as having the following:  Preferably experienced with both 'age rated' and 'experience rated' PMI products.  Experienced in dealing with corporate clients is important.  An understanding of Group Risk (Income Protection, Group Life Critical Illness) would be beneficial but is not essential.  Experienced in analysing Healthcare data, quotations and tender documentation.  Competency in the use of Microsoft Office packages including Excel, Word, Outlook and PowerPoint. An understanding of MS Dynamics (or equivalent contact database) would be beneficial. Alongside a competitive salary, this role also offers an attractive company pension and healthcare plan, holiday allowance, discretionary bonus, and the opportunity to further develop a career within a recognised, successful marketleader. PTM1301294 Healthcare Account Manager is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalHealthcareAdministrator_job****