Title: Graduate Opportunity  Investment Bank
Webindex: 72650131
Company: AGS on Behalf of RBS
Description: AGS on behalf of RBS represents contract and temporary opportunities for RBS M&IB (Markets and International Banking). We have an outstanding contract opportunity for Graduates to make their mark with one of the world's largest international banking and financial services companies. You will play an integral role in helping our client deliver market leading services that set it apart from its competitors. With market competition and the focus on controls ever increasing, we're looking for ambitious and dynamic graduates with a strong academic background and a forwardthinking attitude who can look at things froma different angle. You can help us in shaping our processes and maintain our competitive advantage. It's vital that you're a strong team player who can think strategically, plan ahead and inspire others. A good general understanding of financial markets, scrupulous attention to detail and excellent analytical skills are essential too. The role requires you to liaise regularly with both internal and external clients, so you'll also need to be a confident communicator. As an integral member of RBS, you'll have real opportunity to shape the future of our organisation. The ideas you bring, the insight you gain, the decisions you drive  all will influence the direction of RBS in the years to come. If you have a strong academic record and can demonstrate the qualities we're looking for, we'll develop your existing skills and knowledge and help you learn everything you need to be a success.Graduate Opportunity to get into Investment Banking We are currently looking for highcalibre graduates to join our client and be responsible for gathering and analyzing financial information. Working within the M&IB Deactivations and Exit team, you will be mainly responsible for:Assemble spreadsheets and draw charts and graphs used to illustrate technical reports.Analyse financial information to produce forecast of business, industry and economic conditions for use in making investment decisions.Interpret data affecting investment programmes, such as price, yield, stability and future trends in investment risks.Present oral and written reports on general economic trends, individual corporations and entire industries.Supporting granular analysis of clients across all M&IB systems, liaising with all M&IB businesses and working closely with the project team.It will give the graduate understanding of all M&IB products and systems and a general understanding of AML requirements.The D&E team have been tasked with completing the analysis on a certain number of clients prior to year end and this role will form part of the team to meet these deadlines. Required Education/Experience:University degree in Finance, Business Management, Economics, Accounting or Businessrelated  preferred.Previous financial and/or accounting experience  preferred.Verbal and written communication skills, attention to detail, and critical thinking.Ability to work independently and manage ones time.Ability to analyse business trends and project future revenues and expenses.Knowledge of economic and accounting principles, the financial markets and reporting of financial data.Knowledge of European and company policies, procedures and regulations as related to accounting.Previous experience with computer applications, such as Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint and any other related financial software. Apply now and you could be just a few short steps from an exciting new career Unless otherwise stated, you should ensure that you're already authorised to work in the United Kingdom. Allegis Group Services welcomes all applications from all areas of society and does not discriminate on grounds of religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, race, age, disability, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. If you want to find out more about this or other contract job opportunities call us on **** **** **** or visit us http://www.agsatrbs.com/ Not ready to apply? Join our talent community in a click so we can find you for a job you'll love. http://connect.find.ly/agsrbs Allegis Group Services is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.