Title: Corporate Events Administrator
Webindex: 72480958
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: The Corporate Events Administrator role is based within HSBC Investment Services . The role of the Corporate Events Administrator is to provide a high quality service to the external customers, taking ownership and responsibility to complete UK based work and to take governance of the GSC processing team, within set guidelines.To ensure that all Income and Corporate Action processing is completed accurately, ensuring regulatory requirements are met at all times. To meet all deadlines set by the market and the nominee in respect of making customers aware of market activities in a timely manner Your responsibilities will include: Accurate and timely processing of instructions received from internal and external customers. To resolve technical queries from internal and external customers in a professional manner. To investigate and assist in the resolution of all relevant queries. To adhere to and be able to demonstrate adherence to internal controls. Ability to maintain high quality work under pressure and to tight deadlines. Qualifications The ideal candidate for this role will have: Relevant product knowledge including knowledge of Corporate Actions, income, client money rules Past working experience in a relevant role, i.e. sound knowledge of Investments Experience of using relevant software packages, i.e. numerate and computer literate Relevant product knowledge including knowledge of or an awareness of Investment Products is desirable but not essential Experience working in relevant environment/s, i.e. knoweldge of FSA and HMRC regulations is desirable but not essential Experience working in relevant market/context, i.e. knowledge of relevant processing systems (IMS/PHOENIX) is desirable but not essential A track record of gaining an understanding of customers needs and delivering excellent customer service A track record of constantly looking for ways to do things better and an excellent understanding of the mechanism necessary to successfully implement change Both spoken and written communication skills with experience of sharing information effectively, in a clear, concise and professional manner Experience of making prompt and practical business decision, even in times of ambiguity, considering various perspectives and taking responsibility for outcomes Experience of planning and prioritising their own time effectively, aware of their responsibilities and committed to delivering these efficiently A comprehensive understanding of the regulatory frameworks and compliance requirements associated with financial services and experience of working within these In addition to the details listed above, the ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, together with excellent customer focus. At HSBC we are open to different ideas and cultures, connected to our customers, communities and each other and dependable, we do the right thing. These are the values that guide us every day. We seek to recruit people who share these values and will help us to sustain them.