Title: Field Sales Quality Officer
Webindex: 68687736
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: A well established financial services firm with a large self employed sales force have an exciting opportunity for a Field sales Quality Officer to join their organisation. Covering the London to Midlands area this will be a home based role which will require extensive travel. The Role The main purpose of this field quality sales officer role will be to deliver a risk based monitoring and training service in accordance with the Training and Competence scheme guidelines in support of FSA principles for the UK Agency self employed sales force. The role is responsible for signingoff individuals within the sales force as competent, and delivering a range of monitoring, feedback and coaching activities to maintain and improve competence of the sales force. Main duties will include: delivering and recording a range of monitoring and training interventions including live observations of the sales process, role play assessments, **** meetings and Quality Assurance activity and any other actions relating to the training and competence of the sales individuals and teams. The Person The right candidate will ideally have a compliance and/or sales background and FPC **** (or working towards) and proven experience gained in a similar role within a regulated sales / compliance function, within the Financial Services industry. This is a home based role which involves travel around the North London and Midlands area. The Benefits This is an excellent opportunity for the successful individual to move into a more quality assurance/ checking/ training type role and the chance to build on your experience and knowledge. You will also be rewarded with a good salary and generous travel allowance. CSH****  Field Sales Quality Officer is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include employee benefits, compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from one of our consultants you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesQualityOfficer_job****