Title: Bank Reconciliations Clerk
Webindex: 68709005
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: Overview Banking Clerk is needed immediately to join a busy Guildford based finance department. Candidates should be experienced Finance Clerks with a good experience of managing multiple, multi currency bank accounts. About you You should be immediately available for your next job opportunity and should be happy to commit to a six month assignment. You should live in or near Guildford, Surrey. You should be an experienced Finance Clerk / Accounts Assistant with recent prior experience of managing multiple, multi currency bank accounts. You should enjoy reconciliations work. You should be proactive, hard working and well organised. About the role This is an immediate contract finance vacancy for a busy Guildford based company. The role will interview quickly and will start at relatively short notice for the right candidate. The job will involve managing multiple, multi currency bank accounts. Candidates should enjoy reconciliations work. This role will start on a six month contract basis. There is some scope for the role to go permanent for the right candidate. Things you should know This is an immediate requirement for an experienced finance candidate to join a busy company on a hopefully contract to permanent basis. This company is based in Guildford. Commutable from Aldershot, Alton, Bordon, Camberley, Cobham, Cranleigh, Crawley, Esher, Farnborough, Farnham, Fleet, Godalming, Guildford, Hook, Leatherhead, Lightwater, Petersfield, Woking, Yateley Howett Thorpe recruit for roles within accounts payable, credit control, payroll also covering accounts assistants, audit, management accounts, financial accounts, analysts, financial controllers, financial directors, corporate finance, tax including all part qualified and qualified vacancies. Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms conditions apply) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BankReconciliationsClerk_job****