Title: Senior Accountant with Progression
Webindex: 71681266
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: As a Senior Accountant, based in the firms offices in central Bristol, you will be joining a highly successful and supportive team of accounting professionals. You will work closely with managers/senior managers and directors, preparing accounts, tax, both personal and corporate and other general practice services (potential for involvement in audit, if you have experience in this field, or looking to gain exposure to the firms larger client base, but audit experience not essential). The Senior Managers and Directors are seeking a career focused and client facing professional, who they can look to progress within the firm and role, giving increasing responsibility, in terms of client contact and involvement in advisory project work and you will be encouraged to investigate new skill areas  ACA, ACCA qualified or equivalent.  Experience gained within accountancy practice environment, in small, medium or large independent firm, or Top 50 with a mix of audit, accounts and tax experience or accounts and tax focused skills.  Operating at Senior Accountant level looking to progress with greater responsibility, client contact and technical skill development in advisory project work. A well established Bristol firm with an excellent reputation dealing with sole traders, partnerships and a focus dealing with OMBs typically in the turnover range of 13 million and larger clients with turnovers up to around 2030million mark. ****  **** plus benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAccountantwithProgression_job****