Title: Head of Rewards
Webindex: 68680429
Company: Oakleaf Partnership
Description: A leading global financial services firm is seeking a Head of Reward to design, lead and implement Reward Strategy within an international remit. Reporting to the HR Director, you will be responsible for managing a team, developing the global incentive strategy, supporting the HR Director in the development and implementation of wider HR strategy to enable growth and to build effective relationships with all key stakeholders. Candidates must have: Proven experience of leading and delivering compensation and benefits strategy and operational deliverables. Experience of producing Management Information (MI) in a clear and commercial format to support business decisions Ability to develop strong relationships with business managers in a matrix organisation Proven numerical and verbal capability Key Accountabilities: Ensuring the Reward strategy is clearly defined (including measures of success), communicated and linked to the business strategy. Building effective relationships with all key stakeholders to ensure regular sharing of information and advice. Ensuring the compensation strategy (merit and bonus) attracts and retains high calibre staff at all levels. Deliver effective benchmarking, the levelling/grading of staff, annual merit/bonus review process and compensation adjustments made throughout the year. Ensuring the benefits strategy attracts and retains high calibre staff at all levels by conducting annual benchmarking and presenting proposals to the business managers. Acting as the main contact for pension queries, including supporting the trustees and other internal committees, liaising with external providers and responsibility for resolving all staff queries. Clearly defining and delivering all projects. Ensuring that all project teams have clarity regarding roles and responsibilities, stakeholders receive effective communication and measures of success are clearly defined. Coaching HR Business Partner colleagues so that they have the technical skills and experience to deliver the appropriate Reward activities as required within their respective roles. Coach and deliver workshops to share knowledge and retain skills within the HR Business Partner team as appropriate. Ensuring timely, accurate and clear data is provided to business managers on all compensation and benefits issues. Owning and managing the compensation and benefits budget to ensure maximum value from the expenditure This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofRewards_job****