Title: Managing Quantity Surveyor  Repairs Maintenance
Webindex: 71555081
Company: Linsco
Description: My client, a leading contractor require a Managing Quantity Surveyor to manage a number of prestigious partnering contracts across the South West region. Working closely with the management team, you will be managing a number of Quantity Surveyors, manage operations appraisals and reviews, implement strategies and policies and provide an input to the future growth and development of the individual operations and business as a whole. Responsibilities: Preparation and production of measured quotation works Ascertain costs for using of schedules of rates including NHF and NSR Monitor and control the performance of subcontractors and suppliers in relation to the delivery of contracts Preparation of contract cost value reconciliations Timely and accurate applications for payment compliant with the contract. Ensure Cash Management is effective. Maintaining Risk Management processes and procedures. Contractual correspondence Preparing accurate and prudent cost /value analysis. Budget preparation Approving Interim and Final account measurement Approving Pricing and Rating variations Obtaining appropriate Extension of Time Management, interim and final account agreement of subcontracts Good quality and accurate record keepingThe candidate will have experience of pricing reactive repairs using National Housing Schedule of Rates (NHF). About My Client My client is a leading name in delivering decent homes and reactive maintenance/ decent homes contracts. Working in partnership or on a measured term contract basis with many of the South West and surrounding counties social landlords. They have developed a strong reputation for delivery value and maintaining a professional approach at all times. Please only apply if you have NHF Schedule of Rates experience working for a maintenance contractor in the West Midlands. If you feel that you have the relevant experience to be successful in this position and would like to find out more please apply online today attaching a copy of your current CV. Due to the vast amount of applications that we receive, it is not possible for us to contact all applicants, therefore only suitable Candidates will be contacted. Linsco are an Equal Opportunities employer. All applications will be dealt with in the strictest confidence