Title: Compliants Investigator
Webindex: 71809212
Company: Alexander Lloyd
Description: A leading IFA based in Manchester have a new opportunity for a Complaints Investigator to join their wider Business Quality team. The Role The purpose of the role will be to carry out investigations into complaints received in accordance with the FSAs DISP rules. Main duties will include: To assess the complaints complaint in a timely manner in line with the current regulatory requirements and AWDs own internal standards by reviewing the clients file to determine whether the advice was suitable for the client and met their objectives at the time of the advice. Liaise with the client, advisers and other appropriate individuals to identify the details of the complaint and the advice that was given at the time. Produce well reasoned Final Decision Letters to the client outlining clearly the reason the complaint has been upheld or rejected. Report any breaches of FSA regulations to the Business Quality and Complaints Manager. The candidate The successful applicant will have previous experience in assessing Regulated Complaints and Financial Planning Certificates **** **** **** You will also have a comprehensive working knowledge of the FSAs Conduct of Business rules and coming from an advisor background would be ideal. The Benefits This is an interesting and varied role where the right candidate can join a well established firm who offer good career progression and development towards professional qualifications. CSH**** Complaints Investigator is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include employee benefits, compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from one of our consultants you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website URL removed for any other roles which may be of interest.