Title: Financial Analyst – Projects
Webindex: 69799771
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: Overview A fantastic opportunity to join a national market leader. This role would suit a part qualified accountant or a qualified accountant (CIMA, ACCA or ACA) About You The successful candidate will have the ability to work within a fast paced and complex finance function. You will have previous big company exposure, with a proven track record of reviewing and testing new controls and implementing change when required. You will have the confidence to liaise with all levels of management. You will have strong commercial instincts and be able to deliver in a pressurised environment. This role would suit a part qualified accountant or a qualified accountant (CIMA, ACCA or ACA) About The Role You will assist the Manager in assessing the impact of new business and technology driven projects on finance processes, enhancing reporting and assessing resource requirements. You will also be involved with all aspects of project management. You will also be responsible for process improvement through system reporting. About Our Client This client of Howett Thorpe is a blue chip market leader. Things you should know Pension, life assurance and bonus Commutable from Aldershot, Camberley, Chertsey, Farnborough, Godalming, Guildford, Kingston, Leatherhead, Lightwater, West Byfleet, Weybridge, Woking Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms conditions apply) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialAnalystProjects_job****