Title: Senior Corporate Risk Administrator
Webindex: 68692062
Company: Zurich
Description: The Opportunity: At Zurich we are creating a culture of team work, initiative and opportunity. We recognise that people are at the heart of our business, and we can offer prospects and rewards that are only available in a peoplecentric organisation. We are currently seeking an Administrator/Senior Administrator to join our Corporate Risk team at Zurich. This is a fantastic opportunity to broaden your experience within a global organisation, whilst adding value by providing exceptional support to the teams. The Role: The purpose of this role is to administer new and existing complex schemes, whilst responding to enquiries from Distributors and Clients to support and retain Customer relationships. You will take responsibility for processing new client applications with a focus on client ownership and interpreting data. You will be expected to influence client retention by negotiating with Underwriters on a regular basis and proactively liaise with account managers, distributors and clients to obtain outstanding information. We aim to provide a market leading service experience for all customers and you will encourage and maintain these standards. You will support with client visits in order to promote our service proposition and assist with business implementation where appropriate. We operate within a supportive and positive team culture and you will be expected to maintain and encourage this as well as share knowledge and expertise with the wider team. About you: Ideally you will have gained Corporate Risk experience from within a similar Financial Services organisation. As this is a Technical role, you will need to be able to think analytically, focus on attention to detail and understand complex information. This is a varied and challenging role that will require the ability to work well under pressure and cope with changing deadlines. You will be positive, enthusiastic and driven to succeed. The Reward: In return, we offer a competitive salary depending on experience plus annual bonus, competitive pension, healthcare and excellent flexible benefits. We actively encourage development and we provide access to a comprehensive suite of training and development opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorCorporateRiskAdministrator_job****