Title: Tax and Treasury Manager
Webindex: 68493480
Company: MDM Resourcing
Description: Our retained client is a substantial UK based Family Investment Office (FIO). The FIO holds a broad variety of investment assets including extensive land holdings, commercial and residential property portfolios, a number of trading businesses, a private equity investment fund, investment portfolios (stocks and bonds) and fine art collections. The structures within which these assets are held include Trusts, Companies, Limited Partnerships and Charitable Foundations. The range, scale and complexity of the investment assets and their related structures gives rise to significant complexity across a range of taxes and requires effective Treasury Management. The Role An experienced Tax and Treasury Manager is now required to join the FIO Finance function. Reporting operationally to the Chief Accountant and leading the local Tax and Treasury team (****/**** people), you will have a dotted line to the Tax Director. Responsibilities for the role include: Tax Responsibilities To plan and manage all aspects of Taxation for the FIO ensuring the optimum tax result consistent with the tax policy and seeking input from the Tax Director when appropriate; Keep up to date with the operational activities and strategic ambitions of the FIO to ensure relevant and appropriate tax input; Provide an effective Tax Advisory service to all clients within the FIO and trading Group ensuring advice is clear, relevant and practical; Develop good working relationship with advisers; Manage implementation of advice ensuring proper documentation is maintained; Oversee the Tax compliance process for the FIO; Maintain effective relationships with HMRC. Treasury Responsibilities To develop and manage all aspects of Treasury for the FIO; Ensure entities have sufficient cash and liquidity to meet their obligations; Cash management and liquidity forecasting  liaise within the finance team to ensure accurate and timely reporting of cash flow forecasts and period end movements to ensure efficient use of cash; Develop good working relationships with banks and other financial institutions to help facilitate negotiations of loan facilities and overdraft terms and deposit rate; Maintain open lines of communication with the Investment Director and Investment Finance Manager to ensure longer term investment plans are factored into Treasury planning. Ensure robust processes and documentation are maintained to withstand challenge. The Candidate CTA and/or ACA qualified with significant technical strength, compliance oversight and experience of risk management/tax planning in a commercial environment. Candidates should have in depth experience of at least one aspect of taxation, but are not expected to be experts in all areas covered by the role. Experience of Treasury Management in a commercial environment; Excellent communication skills – able to advise management teams across the FIO on complex tax matters in simple terms; Experienced in building effective relationships with HMRC; Confident and professional leader; Well organised and able to deal with multiple projects and deadlines simultaneously. This is a rare opportunity for a talented Tax and Treasury Manager to provide leadership, expertise and direction in a fascinating and challenging role, operating across a breadth of commercial matters and structures.