Title: Management Accountant SEO
Webindex: 69835711
Company: VOSA
Description: If you want to be part of a great organization based in either Swansea of Bristol then read on. Help drive our financial management service forward ? Your financial skills could help save lives on our roads ? Help manage our forecasting, planning and budgeting ? Implement vital changes in our financial system and the organization VOSA. A road sign with a difference. Through our vision, we contribute to saving lives, making roads safer, cutting crime, testing vehicles and enforcing legislation. To make our vision a reality, we need to ensure that the highest levels of financial support are in place. We need a special individual who can oversee and control the effective management of everything from forecasting and planning, to budgeting and reporting. Your key responsibilities will include providing accurate and appropriate financial advice and support, in line with UK GAAP, FReM, IFRS, Trading Fund guidance and Managing Public Money, and in line with VOSA policy. You will provide a financial support service to Director level, and build strong relationships with key managers in that directorate. As well as helping your director manage competing resource demands, you will prepare and issue reports, management accounts, project dashboards, and a range of internal and external reporting. You?ll need: ? Minimum part qualification with appropriate membership of a recognised professional accountancy body ? Experience working in a large finance function, with a turnover of ****mplus ? Experience providing financial planning support to Director level ? Ability to competently build advanced Excel spreadsheets and macros ? Experience of high volume data manipulation, variance analysis and board reporting ? Ability to make sound decisions, often challenging the views of others at all levels in the business ? The ability to work collaboratively and take ownership for your team?s work ? The ability to use complex strategies to influence others ? The skills and ability to persuade and gain buyin of others to change ? The ability to selfdevelop and influence the development of others to meet future needs ? Ability to travel to required VOSA locations ? mainly between Bristol and Swansea ? Full driving licence The following, whilst not essential, are desirable: ? Full qualification as a member of a recognised professional accountancy body ? Experience of Oracle financial system or similar ? Knowledge of Trading Funds, and Investment Appraisal including Treasury guidance ? Knowledge of fixed asset accounting and risk management This role comes with the full range of Civil Service benefits, including 30 days? holiday, supported learning and development, along with the opportunity to work flexibly. For full details and to apply online please visit the vacancies section of our website www.civilservice.gov.uk/jobs click Public Job Search and select ?Vehicle Operator and Services Agency? and if you have any further queries we recommend that you contact our Shared Service Centre on [contact details removed] or email [contact details removed] Closing date: 20th February 2013. DfT is an equal opportunity employer.