Title: Property & Casualty Underwriter
Webindex: 71674556
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: This is a senior role in the successful new business team in Woking. The jobholder is responsible for developing relationships with brokers and the acquisition of profitable business. Main Duties Include: Underwrite new business cases, including analysis and compilation of data for referral. Take technical referrals from other team members and general queries. Form and develop broker relationships. Train and develop less experienced team members. Input to business plans, strategies and tactics of business unit management. Manage and develop accounts. The successful candidate will have the following Skills, Experience and Behaviours: Strong technical Property and Casualty underwriting skills. Motor Trade capability an advantage Strong negotiation skills Good Market awareness Excellent written verbal communication skills. Experience in underwriting commercial business (both property and casualty) is essential. Previous technical experience in Motor Trade and previous leadership experience would be advantageous. Graduate level or equivalent. ACII qualified and Chartered Insurer a strong advantage Excellent interpersonal/communication/ trading skills Enthusiastic and with a positive outlook. Self motivated and achievement orientated with the A well respected and well know insurance brand acompetitive salary and good benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PropertyCasualtyUnderwriter_job****