Title: MI Control & Reporting Associate
Webindex: 71674554
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description:  Manage a team of 4/**** employees responsible for reporting revenue, and other activity across the trading floor.  Overall management and responsibility for timely and accurate Sales Reporting process. It includes the production of the daily sales P L generated by revenue streams.  Control of the booking and reporting of client revenue.  Maintain regular contact with headquarters abroad to maintain global consistency in MI. Managing the provision of data contributing to centralised global revenue reports.  Provide information and support to the other functions within management control, such as ad hoc business analysis, presentations and forecasts.  Develop our reporting structure, continually seeking gains in efficiency and quality of M  Experience working within a Global Wholesale or Investment banking environment, particularly directly supporting sales trading functions in the management of sales credits and markups  Experience in management reporting/accounting function, particularly focused on wholesale markets  Strong knowledge of lending and treasury products  Exceptional excel skills (including VLookups, Pivot Tables, and macros) and other data base abilities  Management experience  Very good communication and interpersonal skills, especially with regards to resolving conflicting interests  Related qualification degree level or higher  Highly numerate  Desire and ability t Our client is a leading Financial Services organisation based in London. **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MIControlReportingAssociate_job****