Title: Supplier Risk Management Monitoring Associate Job  Docklands, London
Webindex: 72652051
Description: An immediate opportunity has arisen for an experienced Business Analyst to join our client, a leading financial services provider based in London Key responsibilities of the Business Analyst job will include: Managing the lifecycle of an iPram request (onboarding a new supplier onto the firm's systems) from input of supplier details to final approval Ensure all critical and high services suppliers are proactively being monitored on a daily basis through daily interaction with Service Risk Managers (SRMs) Ensure all SRMs complete training in a timely manner. Work with SRMs to insure meeting minutes meet basic standards. Begin tracking Service Risk Level Performance as per Vendor Management initiative. Ongoing Operational Support as needed including quality assurance check. The ideal Business Analyst will possess the following attributes/skills: Excellent written communication skills (both written and spoken)  Capable of reading alerts and summarizing finds and escalating to appropriate person. Research and analytical skills  Review alerts and do high level triage or due diligence to determine validity or relevance of information. Detail oriented, self starter, follow up. Understand risk identification, risk mitigation, and risk documentation desirable. Degree educated or equivalent Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint. If you have similar Business Analyst experience to that outlined above and are looking for a temporary opportunity within a progressive and dynamic environment, please forward your CV today Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****