Title: Business Security Analyst / IT Risk and Security Consultant
Webindex: 71851692
Company: SCom
Description: Business Security Analyst / IT Risk and Security Consultant Role. Dorking or Bristol. I am looking for candidates with 23 years experience of working in IT security and risk management within an industry for a role with a financial services organisation with offices in Bristol and Dorking. You will ideally hold CISSP or CISMP qualifications, however, this is not an essential requirement for the role. The key accountabilities of the role are to provide consultancy and advice to business units and subsidiaries, development and implementation of frameworks associated to security domains and provision of assurance to governance committees on operation of security controls. PRINCIPLE ACCOUNTABILITIES: Planning, Organisation Problem solving Demonstrates the ability to identify critical data connections and patterns and to conduct indepth analysis to reach logical conclusions Uses some interpretation of guidelines and procedures to deal with exceptions and make straightforward decisions which have minor consequence of error Verifies assumptions and information before accepting them, is able to reviews others work and provide constructive feedback. Communications Communicates in a clear and respectful manner and is able to produce indepth written material which uses correct grammar, spelling and punctuation. Dedicated point of contact with selected internal departments and third parties Uses questioning/factfinding skills to find out what the customer is seeking to achieve and considers wider implication Leadership Remains effective and retains perspective during periodic disruptions, demonstrates realistic confidence in own abilities while respecting others opinions when challenged and adjusts behaviour accordingly, deals constructively with setbacks. Solves problems in own area, openly shares information in a timely manner, gains support, enhances understanding and shows commitment to change Represents BS team in specific activities, projects, pieces of work Commercial Insight Establishes and maintains an informal network of relationships. Ensures an excellent level of service is provided even during critical periods. Seen as a subject matter expert within specific topics / internal business areas Working Practices Demonstrates the ability to adapt own behaviour or approach to suit the situation and perform effectively while guided by the core values. Initiates collaboration with others and assumes additional responsibilities to achieve goals. Provides advice and guidance on processes / activities/ controls within agreed remit Business Security Data Protection skills experience Seen as a subject matter expert across various business security domains/ topics to internal business areas The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SCom is a trading name of S.com Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessSecurityAnalystITRiskandSecurityConsultant_job****