Title: Debt Collection Advisor
Webindex: 68676485
Company: LAWRENCE DEAN
Description: Lawrence Dean Recruitment is an independently owned recruitment agency specialising in both temporary and permanent business support roles in the Hertfordshire area. Our clients range from large, bluechip companies, to smaller ownermanaged local businesses. As a Lawrence Dean candidate you can expect a different service to our competitors, where you feel valued and thoroughly involved in your next career move. We are experienced recruiters with extensive local market knowledge and are passionate about finding our candidates not just any job but the right job. 'Lawrence Dean Recruitment  All About People' Company Profile – Debt Collection Advisor An outstanding organisation that is renowned for consistently delivering outstanding customer service is now looking to recruit an inbound customer advisor to support their debt control team. Our client offers excellent training and development opportunities within a positive team environment. Job Description  Debt Collection Advisor Working as part of an extremely busy and fast paced team you will be responsible for dealing with a broad range of debt related queries from customers. This role requires individuals to work at a fast pace, be able to learn project information quickly and question effectively. Duties will include;  Handling all inbound calls relating to existing debt and making arrangements with the customer to resolve  Chaing outstanding debt from customers  Liaising with third parties and other internal departments to update on customer accounts  Resolving customer queries and handling problems /complaints as they arise  Prioritising workload effectively, achieving agreed targets and objectives consistently, liaising with other departments as necessary and maintaining an up to date knowledge of other products and procedures relevant to the project  Escalating calls if necessary Required Skills  Debt Collection Advisor  Professional qualification from ICM is an advantage  Knowledge of debt collection/processes relating to debt collection highly desirable  Experience of working within a busy customer service orientated environment essential  Good keyboards skills with a high level of accuracy  Experienced in ensuring that full customer satisfaction is achieved at all times  Used to working in a fast paced environment that can at times be demanding  A wellorganised individual who is selfmotivated and confident and can work well, even when under pressure  Someone who possesses a flexible approach to work and welcomes and adapts easily to change  A good team player who is able to take the initiative when needed  Someone who works well without close supervision after full training  Ability to work within set guidelines and follow procedures Benefits  Debt Collection Advisor  circa **** per annum  Free onsite parking Due to the high volume of applications we are currently receiving it is unfortunate that we are unable to respond to all applicants individually. We will endeavour to contact all suitable candidates within **** working days. If you have not heard from Lawrence Dean Recruitment within this time then unfortunately your application has been unsuccessful, however we will keep your details on file and contact you regarding any new opportunities that arise. Thank you for your application. Please note Lawrence Dean Recruitment is acting as an employment agency business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DebtCollectionAdvisor_job****