Title: COMPLIANCE ADVISORY – 12 MTH CONTRACT – REGULATORY ADVISORY EXPERIENCE REQ’D
Webindex: 66699332
Company: Compliance Recruitment Solutions
Description: We are recruiting for a leading financial services group looking for a Compliance Analyst for **** nbsp;months. Duties will include; bull; nbsp;Develop and execute a plan to monitor the regulatory landscape for changes which may impact the UK Branch. bull; nbsp;Ensure that Compliance management are aware of the scope and scale of regulatory change and its impact through regular reporting. bull; nbsp;Development and enhancement of Compliance communications to business units through the use of bulletins, newsletters and participation at Compliance training sessions. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Ensure that impact analysis of regulatory change is carried out and that this is fed to the business in the UK and to the global Regulatory Initiatives Committee where appropriate. nbsp; bull; nbsp;Ensure that all regulatory reporting, both ongoing and adhoc, is managed appropriately and ensure that business units are aware of any reporting obligations which they are required to comply with. bull; nbsp;Where new products or services are offered by the business the candidate may be required to act as the Compliance advisory contact to support such projects. nbsp; You should be a graduate (or equivalent) with some previous regulatory advisory experience. For further information or a confidential no obligation discussion, please feel free to call Darren Ruskin on **** **** **** or send your details to him at darrencompliancerecruitment.com Compliance Recruitment Solutions Limited (CRS) are acting as an employment agency in relation to this role. nbsp; The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove that they are legally entitled to work in the UK. Through application, all candidates signify their acceptance of the above information and confirm that the information they provide is true and accurate to the best of their knowledge. nbsp;