Title: Purchasing Analyst
Webindex: 67325749
Company: JAM Recruitment
Description: Are you a Purchasing Analyst looking for a new challenge? Do you have an automotive background? Do you have experience with nonproduction PO's? If so read on as this could be the ideal role for you The client I am representing is an industry leading 1st tier automotive supplier and due to a sustained period of growth, has the requirement for a NonProduction Analyst to ensure the purchase order process is adhered to by following the purchasing procedures on site and liaising with the appropriate managers accordingly. The responsibilities of the role are; Creation of all Non Production PO's  after a completed authorised PO Requisition is submitted and issuing of PO numbers Obtaining **** Quotes where necessary and providing documented evidence of this requirement for all PO's including providing written evidence of reasons why the Process wasn't followed when deviation occurs. Following up on all Emergency PO's and ensuring a Standard Non Production PO is raised within ****hrs and signoff obtained. Creation of all Non Production Vendors ensuring the correct forms are used and obtaining the correct signoff. Dealing with/investigating and escalating all Purchases without a valid PO query. The requirements for the role are; Previous purchasing experience, ideally within the automotive or manufacturing sector. Computer literacy including competence in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Word Exceptional interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate verbally and in writing at all levels internally and externally. Educated to degree level (or equivalent) and a full member of CIPS, or working towards this. To apply for the role, please submit an up to date copy of your CV in response to this advert or for more information, call Liam Fairey. JAM Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.