Title: SAS Analytics Manager  Commercial Banking
Webindex: 67768261
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Analytics Manager  Commercial Banking Salary: ****  bonus amp; benefits Location: Birmingham The main purpose of this role is to:  Use business judgment and analytical tools in driving the best results for the business unit, while leveraging a highly technical environment using a range of software and programming languages to access multi terabyte data warehouses and files  Lead the enhancement of existing analyses, MI amp; processes to ensure optimum value.  Manage a team of Analysts or Principal Analysts. Plan amp; prioritises the team workload while ensuring business amp; individual needs are met.  Operate as a Key business contact for a channel, product or program within the team`s functional area and works with stakeholders across the business.  Lead delivery of a prioritised, planned amp; agreed project schedule, that helps to meet the larger business objectives and maximise profit The ideal candidate for this role will have:  Experience working in relevant environment and role, i.e. Highly developed analytical skills to extract information from data and translate to business language amp; financial impacts  Ability to manage both own amp; team time effectively to ensure delivery of multiple projects  Role relevant qualifications, i.e. Degree level education in a numerate discipline  Experience of work management responsibility demonstrating ability to direct, manage, motivate amp; influence staff  Experience of working with stakeholders and business colleagues at different levels of the organisation  Experience of using relevant software packages, i.e. Manipulating large data sets via SAS or SQL via SAS. Use of Microsoft Office including Excel amp; Powerpoint. (VBA or other presentation tools is desirable but not essential)  Availability to undertake the travel required for this role, i.e. Domestic Travel between London amp; Birmingham once/twice a week. (Based on whether individual chooses to be located in London or Birmingham)  Experience of making prompt and practical business decision, even in times of ambiguity, considering various perspectives and taking responsibility for outcomes  Experience of creating and deploying comprehensive business/operating plans which consistently deliver desired results Please send your CV to infoaspiredata.co.uk or call us on **** **** ****