Title: Senior Flexible Benefits Consultant
Webindex: 69803330
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: An award winning Flexible Benefits provider, dedicated to delivering excellent client service, are now expanding and looking to recruit an experienced Senior Flexible Benefits Consultant to join the business on a permanent basis. This is a varied, expansive Flexible Benefits role, where the incumbent will be responsible for managing the company's products and services across a range of clients; many of whom are the higherprofile, larger/more complex clients that the business works with. More specifically, your main duties will include taking ownership of the overall Project Management Plan for clients, and will need to that projects are delivered to a high standard and that key milestones are met to enable a smooth implementation. Plus, you will be required to provide expert guidance and advice to clients on all aspects of benefits and rewards (such as benefit implementation, tax NI, salary sacrifice), as well as writing scheme designs for schemes that include Flexible Benefits, Voluntary Benefits, TRS, and Pension salary sacrifice. The successful applicant will have experience of working in a similar Flexible Benefits role, where they have demonstrated a proven track record of success in regards to providing product advice, communication and direction to a range of clients. Candidates will ideally be FPC qualified, although this isn't essential, and you will also need in depth product knowledge in regards to Flexible Benefits, Voluntary Benefits, Salary Sacrifice schemes and Total Reward Statements. To be successful in this role, you will also need to be a good relationshipbuilder, and be proficient in using MS Office applications. In return, this role offers a competitive salary and bonus structure, as well as company PMI and PHI schemes, 25 days holiday, and an opportunity to further develop your career in a reputable, likeable organisation.' PMN****  Senior Flexible Benefits Consultant is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, Advisors, Employee Benefits, Compliance, Pensions, Group Risk, Paraplanners, Sales Support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorFlexibleBenefitsConsultant_job****