Title: Graduate Adjudicator  Financial Services
Webindex: 66886863
Company: Randstad Sales
Description: We are currently recruiting for a Graduate Scheme within Financial Services. All graduates will need Customer Service experience and be based in Central London. This excellent opportunity is to join a large independent financial services business. This fantastic opportunity is paying a starting salary of **** and will progress to **** after 6 months with an additional excellent benefit package with exceptional opportunity for career progression. The main tasks and accountabilities of the Graduate Adjudicator role within independent financial services are:  Resolve cases at the earliest opportunity by telephone and in writing, based on the facts of the case.  Deliver the outcome of the cases to businesses and customers.  Consistently achieve objectives set across a broad range of metrics  including quality, operational and financial.  Provide excellent customer services through living the aims and values of the organisation  Actively manage personal caseload, support the caseload of the team and contribute to the achievement of team objectives.  Develop and maintain a detailed understanding of general casehandling techniques and technical knowledge across all areas of financial products and services.  Support a culture of inclusivity with the team and the organisation, respecting people s differences.  Work within a team to identify and share areas of best practice and knowledge  Act as an ambassador to the Service.  Any other duties that may reasonably be allocated from time to time. The ideal candidate for the Graduate Adjudicator role will be proficient in Microsoft Office. Qualification to degree level is desirable (minimum **** or equivalent). Skills and experience required for the role include:  Proven telephone customer service experience is essential, preferably including complaintshandling experience dealing with the public and businesses  Proven experience in the interpretation and analysis of complex written material, as well as clear written and verbal communication of conclusions.  Experience in demonstrating clear and effective telephone skills when dealing with customers. The personal qualities required for the Graduate Adjudicator role within independent financial services expert are:  Ability to work as part of a team  Ability to interpret and analyse large volumes of written material and make decisions  Adopts a pragmatic approach, using common sense to resolve queries  Adapts to changes in priorities  Ability to work under pressure to meet deadlines  Commitment to providing excellent customer service  Positive cando attitude This is an excellent opportunity to enter the financial services industry in a challenging role with exceptional training, benefits and career progression opportunities. If you believe the above describes you then please send your CV for the Graduate Adjudicator  Financial Services role This vacancy is being handled by Randstad Sales. Randstad Sales is the specialist business line for sales recruitment within Randstad, the world s second largest recruitment company. Randstad acts as an employment business and employment agency and is registered in England and Wales as Randstad Employment Bureau Ltd, registered no **** Registered office address First Floor, Randstad Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB