Title: Commercial Expenditure Analyst
Webindex: 68206516
Company: Nestle   More to live
Description: Nestl eacute; is at the pinnacle of the relationship between brands and consumers. As the world rsquo;s largest food company, we have an unmatched profile of instantly recognisable global brands, with a strategic focus on a wealth of key FMCG sectors. nbsp; A progressive and challenging opportunity has arisen for a selfmotivated and ambitious individual to join our Commercial Decision Support in Gatwick. You rsquo;ll work closely with the Sales division and Brand Managers to ensure our commercial expenditure is effectively and efficiently managed. Having the ability to demonstrate behaviours such as good networking skills, challenging constructively, taking initiative and courage to drive changes, then you are the person we are looking for. nbsp; Working with a defined group of customer accounts and consumer brands, you will be expected to take ownership of financial controls and compliance of commercial expenditure from a Decision Support perspective, whilst sharing analytical insights with Finance CoPilots and Commercial Managers. Key responsibilities include: middot; Drive amp; share best practices across Nestl eacute; in the Market (NiM). middot; Ensure accuracy of trade and marketing spend forecast and actual. middot; Provide explanations and insights for movements between forecasts and actual. middot; Take ownership of monthly meetings with Senior Commercial Leads and Financial Controllers. As the Commercial Expenditure Analyst you rsquo;ll need to be a team player, a good communicator and influencer; whilst being able to challenge strongly when required. Curiosity and tenacity are important qualities as is the ability to stand back and place things into a broader perspective. To be successful you rsquo;ll be a partqualified or newly qualified accountant in CIMA, ACA or ACCA. You rsquo;ll be able to demonstrate energy, ambition and hunger for new challenges. This is a great opportunity which offers a rewarding career path within commercial finance and excellent career progression for the right person. The closing date for applications is Monday 11th February, 2013 Please note applications will be screened throughout the advertising process and suitable candidates will be interviewed before the closing date, so please do not hesitate to apply.