Title: In House Accountant
Webindex: 71853185
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: Amongst other duties the role will involve:  Completion of VAT returns and reconciliations for EMEA entities  Maintenance of fixed asset module and reconciliations  Review and processing of vendor / employee expense payment batches across multiple EMEA countries  Complete various workings and journals for month end reporting  Completion and review of balance sheet reconciliations making any adjustments where required  Review of other journals / workings from the team to ensure Sarbanes Oxley controls are met  Assist with statutory queries if required  Liaison with foreign providers in order to resolve various issues Experience dealing with international accounts/clients (especially EMEA) is essential for this role and applicants without this experience unfortunately cannot be considered. Only applicants with the following experience will be considered for this position:  ACA/ACCA/CIMA qualified accountant  Knowledge / experience of working on complex month end process with strict deadlines. Completing workings and journals and showing initiative / technical ability to investigate and resolve problems.  Good understanding of internal controls and Sarbanes Oxley experience preferred.  Knowledge / experience with working on fixed assets  Knowledge / experience with working on completion of VAT A top 10 accountancy practice who provides outsourced accountancy services to an international business in which the successful candidate will be based. A competitive salary  benefits and the opportunity to work as an accountant in a large international company. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InHouseAccountant_job****