Title: Trainee Pensions Administrator
Webindex: 72443726
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: This is an excellent opportunity to join a market leader within the SIPP SSAS Pensions administration field; a specialist area within the Financial Services industry, who are currently looking to recruit a proactive, quicklearning Account Executive to join their busy team on a permanent basis. Working with several high profile accounts for the business, this role is responsible for completing all aspects of administration for the clients' SIPP SSAS Pensions requirements; including retirement quotes, resolving customer queries, ensuring payments are received accurately, and liaising with IFAs to promote the business' products and service to the public. Plus, you will need to work in an organised and progressive manner, with the ability to prioritise work loads, as well as ensuring all the files and records are up to date and checking the integrity of customer data. The ideal candidate will be ambitious, driven and confident of working in a high pressured environment. You will preferably have gained previous experience within the Financial Services industry, but this isn't essential, and you should possess excellent customer service skills, as well as being an accurate and effective communicator. GCSE (or equivalent) in Mathematics and English at Grade C or above is also preferred, and you will need to be a quick learner in order to develop a basic understanding of the pension's industry  including industry regulations and current pension's legislation  quickly once you're in the role. In reward for your hard work, you will be rewarded with a generous basic salary and a benefits package that includes a stakeholder Pension Scheme, 23 days holiday, private health cover, childcare vouchers and season ticket loans. The role also offers candidates the opportunity to study for a number of Pensions qualifications, and the chance to develop their own, longterm career within a reputable, market leading organisation. ' PTM1301115 Trainee Pensions Administrator is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineePensionsAdministrator_job****