Title: Commercial Product and Pricing Underwriter
Webindex: 72115453
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Commercial Product and Pricing Underwriter, Gloucester We are seeking candidates with a background in actuarial and statistical analysis to join one of the UK s leading insurance companies out of their Gloucester offices. Initially the role will involve being in Gloucester however after time there is some scope with regards to working from home or other offices across the UK. This is a challenging yet very rewarding role using statistical analysis to inform key business/commercial decisions. You will be working closely with commercial underwriters gaining exposure to the wider business, enabling you to build good relationships outside the team and gain vital commercial knowledge. The role involves monitoring business performance against assumptions, identifying trends early and recommending actions. You will also analyse and derive premium rates for general insurance business, interacting with senior management, Underwriting, claims, finance and risk. As a member of the actuarial pricing team you will support other actuarial teams such as reserving and capital modelling. Skills and Experience required Ideally you will be in a similar commercial product and pricing position with experience of using generalised linear modelling and regression statistical techniques within general insurance. You will have a proven track record in actuarial work (or equivalent), have excellent relationship building, verbal and communication skills and experience of using EMBLEM, Microsoft Excel and Access. Ideally you will also have experience of using rate assessor, presenting and influencing senior management and hold an actuarial degree. Our client offer an excellent working environment and highly competitive remuneration and rewards package to the successful individual. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful