Title: IT Auditor job  Investment Banking Wealth Management
Webindex: 72342255
Company: Hays A F
Description: IT Auditor job  working within Investment Banking / Wealth Management London Up to ****  Excellent Bonus & Benefits Package Exceptional IT Auditor required by a top tier retail bank, to work within their Investment Banking & Wealth Management Audit division, which are responsible for auditing their applications. The IT Auditor will be providing audit expertise across their entire applications landscape, taking a riskbased approach agreed with the business. This will cover all applications across their Investment Bank and their Wealth Management division, thus giving you the opportunity to work on some of the industry's leading trading systems, eCommerce platforms and Risk Management systems. As an IT Applications Auditor, it will be your role to support the Audit Lead in scoping the audit and highlighting, assessing and documenting all risks. It will also be the IT Applications Auditor's duty to evaluate the operating effectiveness and design of controls, whilst provide excellent audit observations. This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the world's leading Banking Organisations and grow your career in IT Audit. The manager here is a true believer in treating all his employees the same as well as truly looking to direct and grow your career. You will also have the opportunity to audit some of the industry's leading applications The IT Applications Auditor should have solid IT Audit experience and have a very strong knowledge of Applications. The IT Applications Auditor will ideally have gained this experience at a large financial services company and be CISA qualified. However, as long as you have a baseline understanding of IT Audit and are am eager and ambitious person who is looking to grow their career, this role is for you If you have this experience, then call Charlie George now on **** **** ****Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk