Title: Fund Manager Research  Senior Analyst
Webindex: 69088171
Company: Not disclosed
Description: Fund Manager Research  Senior Analyst ****  ****  Bonus  Benefits Central London Who They Are They are a highly respected manager. They have a strong reputation for delivery of high quality investment research to their clients and have achieved excellent results over the years. The Role You will report to the Head of Fund Manager research and also the Investment Committee. The role is a generalist role and is wide ranging and possibly covers the USA, Europe and Asia/Far East. If you have Long Only Property/Private Equity experience within the USA that would also be of interest. The position provides analytical support to the research team by quantitative and qualitatively analysing investment manager portfolios, improving and developing research procedures and tools. You will generate and maintain a list of investment managers across asset classes in live with the firm's investment philosophy. In order to achieve this you will need to do the following:You will fully understand the firm's investment philosophy and requirements to ensure that an investment manager meets the requirements of the firm to be accepted as a short listed preferred manager.You will build and maintain a network of contacts within the financial/investment industry to obtain high quality referrals and research as well as monitoring of research information. This is done in order to find and research any potential sources of new manager names in order to generate a steady stream of new leads.You will drive the due diligence on possible new managers and consistently apply and adhere to the defined research process. This includes putting together qualitative and quantitative information, including operational compliance due diligence, detailed portfolio analysis of investment portfolios, analysing their consistency with the investment manager's declared investment approach, preparing and presenting investment analysis/meeting papers prior to internal research meetings and actually attending those research meetings.You will have to ensure you record all aspects of the due diligence process according to the firms requirements, and deliver high quality information for short listed managers in line with internal review standards. You will have to, identify and clearly explain key areas/risks/weaknesses to be monitored if the investment manager is appointed.You will proactively liaise with investment manager analysts on portfolio analytics and overall supporting research activities as well as clients in relation to the investing requirements in order for you to prepare recommendations for the Investment Committee. Who they are looking for To be considered for the role you must:Have a minimum of 5 years experience in a role focusing on research of fund managers.Have an excellent knowledge of the global universe of longonly managers across asset classes generally but with strength in equities.Be at least CFA Level 2 qualifiedHave indepth understanding of investment styles, their nuances and how they mix in a multimanager package. This is critical for this role.Have excellent communication and interpersonal skills to work effectively in a small team environment.Have a high degree of computer literacy. Experience in fundamental analysis would be a plus in light of philosophical preference for fundamentallydriven managers. If you also have Long Only Property/Private Equity experience within the US that would be of interest. Familiarity with the global universe of longshort managers active on general markets would also be a plus.