Title: Insurance Sales Team Manager  Experience essential
Webindex: 68687762
Company: Paragon Supply Chain
Description: My client is a leading bespoke Insurance company who have had a vacancy arise for an experienced Insurance Sales Manager to join their team. They are seeking a results driven individual with a proven track record of leading a Sales Team within an insurance environment. The ideal candidate will have a proactive, driven attitude and the experience and ability to lead a successful team by example. Job Purpose To work alongside the Sales Service Manager managing to fully support the overall performance of the Sales Centre. To achieve all departmental and company standards, service levels and targets. To offer outstanding advice and guidance to ensure that the team offers excellent customer service and achieves its sales targets. Key Accountabilities Team Management Manage team on a daily basis Ensure that the team are delighting our Client’s. Be a point of contact for team member queries and problems. Motivation of the team to achieve all sales targets and KPI’s Take responsibility for own continuous selfdevelopment and assist the manager with the team’s development areas. Assist with ongoing onthejob training Enable team to self manage and have aspirations for both themselves their team Customer Service Generates a passion for Customer Service Be available to deal with queries and complaints in a timely fashion. Be the first point of contact for all complaints. Ensure that work is carried out inline with service levels Ensure the smooth running of client contact by all team members. Ensure that all client contact is responded to in a friendly, flexible and facilitating manner. Ensure that all Clients and agents are provided with accurate, timely and useful information and responses. Ensure effective resolution of client queries, complaints and concerns. Use sound judgement to ensure that client satisfaction is achieved for every situation. To champion the client’s agenda across the business in all policy, process and procedural issues changes General To ensure that your department specific tasks and duties are achieved/reached as a minimum. Ensure that all works are carried out within a timely fashion. Achieve all SLA’s Achieve all target’s Monthly audits Monthly ****’s Coaching Management meetings Teamwork Interact with other departments and branches Work closely with managers, other team leaders and seniors in the business to ensure best outcome for clients and to share best practise If you have all of the required attributes and would like to be considered for this role we would love to hear from you. If you have not been contacted within **** working days, please assume that your application has not been successful. Despite our best efforts we are unable to contact everyone due to the high volume of applications we receive. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InsuranceSalesTeamManagerExperienceessential_job****