Title: Commercial Business Manager
Webindex: 72693641
Company: Certes Computing Ltd 
Description: Commercial Business Manager Location: London Contract Duration: 6 months Rate: Up to **** per day My client requires a Commercial Business Manager to do a 6 Month contract based in London and will work as part of their Finance function. The Finance function is responsible for establishing the organisation's cash requirements through the planning process, securing the income requirements through the regulatory process and funding the Company's borrowing requirements through the financial markets. It controls expenditure and provides clear and accurate management information. Providing value for money from suppliers through contracts and procurement the Finance function also mitigates the Company's exposure to financial risk. In addition the function upholds sound financial control and regulation to meet all external statutory and regulatory financial reporting requirements that are expected of a major listed UK company. Responsibilities: Manage day to day commercial issues including local tender/evaluation documents, preparing estimates, identifying variations to contracts; contribute towards final account agreements, collating any necessary records relative to supplier costs and supplier management through meetings and feedback. Liaise with other project teams as required. Seek to continually improve the processes behind data capturing to accurately monitor/report project costs and forecasts. Act as Corporate Governance advisor and 'Super User' within the delivery unit for all Collect data and contribute towards processing claims for and against contractors including third party and insurance claims when required. Support where necessary the tender and evaluation process for national sourcing activity. To be responsible for timely payments to all suppliers who undertake works on behalf of the delivery unit, in accordance with Contract terms using the approved process (eg COOM). Visiting work locations as necessary to support estimating process and validating that works are correctly completed. Understand/Review cost base and MUC's to identify and monitor commercial opportunities and efficiencies. Participate in budget holder key meetings to provide support, challenge and sound advice towards decision making, including accurate forecasting, business planning and investment appraisals. Support the team as required to deliver comprehensive support, guidance and challenge to budget holders Essential Ability to communicate, build relationships and influence at all levels in the business Commercial Awareness Railway/Construction industry knowledge Self motivated and ability to work under own initiative Desirable Ability to take action designed to improve some aspects of the Delivery Unit's performance Reacts swiftly to customer requests for support and ability to proactively resolve issues Innovative thinking Certes Computing (and all of its subsidiary companies) is committed to promoting equality and diversity in its business operations.