Title: Senior Group Risk Consultant
Webindex: 68709908
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: This recognised brand and market leader are seeing a Senior Group Risk Consultant to join their London office. The Role This Senior Group Risk Consultant position will involve dealing with queries, administration and the collating of all aspects relating to group life, group income protection and group critical illness. Responsibilities will include:  Act as relationship owner for portfolio of clients, attending client meetings; providing expert advice to ensure client product and service needs are met  Stay uptodate with current trends in the industry, monitor market developments and identify revenue generation opportunities for existing clients.  Ensure account retention and new business development for the business unit independently and in conjunction with the Sales team  Create business development plans and identify appropriate business development strategies enabling the business unit to meet its overall business targets continued profitability The Person To be considered for the Senior Group Risk Consultant role you will need:  Good communication skills, both written and interpersonal  Proven track record in identifying and addressing needs of clients and colleagues and delivers exceptional solutions as a trusted advisor  Organised and a systematic approach  Ability to use own initiative and work accurately under pressure and to deadlines  Ability to work unsupervised and as part of a team  Flexible attitude  People and solutions focused The Benefits You will be joining a leading organisation that has had a good 2012 and is looking to keep the momentum going. This position is also offering a competitive salary, pension benefits package. You would be joining a dynamic company with the opportunity to stand out and make your mark. PRH**** Senior Group Risk Consultant is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorGroupRiskConsultant_job****