Title: Trainee Catastrophe Modeller / Analyst
Webindex: 70253558
Company: Hillman Saunders
Description: Exciting career opportunities in Catastrophe / Risk Modelling within the Lloyd's London Insurance Market We are currently representing a prestigious Lloyd's Syndicate, known for its technical approach to Underwriting and Risk, that is looking to grow its respected Risk division through attracting both experienced Catastrophe Modellers and bright, articulate graduates who have decided to embark upon a career within the Insurance industry. In return our Client's can offer a first class structured training program with full financial support towards relevant professional accreditation. Ideally you will have already researched the London /Lloyd's Insurance Market and decided to pursue a career within a related analytical field such as Risk, Analytics, Catastrophe Modelling or Actuarial Science. We would consider applications from graduates who have achieved a first or ****:**** within a strong relevant scientific subject such as Mathematics, Actuarial Science, Physics, GeoPhysics, Geography (environmental / hazard) etc In addition, we will expect you to be highly personable being able to demonstrate first class communication and presentation skills, offering tangible examples either through work, education or extracurricular activities. Strong IT skills will be considered a prerequisite and preference will be given to candidates that have advanced MS Excel skills and can demonstrate expertise with relevant statistical software packages such as Matlab, ArcGIS, SPSS, Minitab etc. An understanding or awareness of RMS, AIR or EQECAT will be considered highly advantageous. Hillman Saunders in considered a Market Leader within recruitment of Catastrophe Modellers / Analysts for the London and Lloyd's Insurance Market with an established client portfolio of leading Lloyd's Syndicates, Brokers, Composite Insurers and software houses. We are expecting a high volume of applications and therefore if you do not meet the minimum requirements as set out above then unfortunately your application will not be considered further. Additionally, we will only accept applications from candidates that already hold the right to work in the United Kingdom on an ongoing permanent basis.  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeCatastropheModellerAnalyst_job****