Title: Group Risk Account Manager
Webindex: 68380315
Company: Alexander Lloyd
Description: A recognised Group Protection industry leader are currently recruiting for an experience Telephonebased Account Manager to join the business on a permanent basis; managing a large portfolio of key clients in regards to Group Protection policies. The Group Risk Account Manager will join a well established friendly team and be responsible for administering Group Protection policies within this highprofile portfolio. The work also focus on dealing with new business enquiries and undertake complex projects as and when required, as well as being responsible for maintaining good relationships with IFA s/ Customers in order to promote the company s products in the market place. Making proactive development calls to IFA s in order to build new relationships and encouraging sales of the policies will also be a daytoday aspect of this role. You will have extensive experience within the UK Group Protection knowledge; from either a Provider or Broker background, and will be able to articulate this knowledge to customers in a clear, concise manner; free from confusion. You should be selfmotivated and be able to work on your own initiative, as well as working well in a team, and be able to demonstrate an attention to detail and successfocussed attitude in their work. Progression towards CII exams (such as GR1) is advantageous. The position will be a rewarding role with lots of scope for progression within the market leading, reputable organisation. This role also includes discretionary bonus, Pensions, PHI, 25 days holiday and season ticket loans. PTM1301127 Group Risk Account Manager is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest.