Title: Finance Manager – Shared Costs
Webindex: 69599250
Company: Arqiva
Description: Use your financial expertise to enhance decisionmaking and maintain control of 100m of annual shared costs for a global leader in Digicoms Arqiva is a communications infrastructure and media services company spearheading the provision of network solutions and services in the digital world. We provide much of the infrastructure behind television, radio, satellite and wireless communications, both in the UK and globally. Customers include worldrenowned major broadcasters and Telco providers, the UK's five mobile network operators and the emergency services. As Finance Manager – Shared Costs, reporting to the Business Operations Financial Controller, you’ll be a key finance team player providing informed financial expertise and challenge to enhance decisionmaking, and maintain controls, whilst delivering key financial services related to more than 100m of shared costs annually. In effect, you’ll be Business partner to the Shared Costs teams, ensuring that optimum financial result is achieved for Arqiva whilst improving clarity of cash and noncash impacts. Your role will also involve: timely and accurate production of monthly management accounts and reports a focus on continuous improvement across all areas ensuring financial controls are in place and operating effectively for shared costs. The Finance Manager role involves responsibility for one direct report. You must be a Qualified Accountant with a demonstrable track record in financial analysis, planning, reporting, and financial controls. Your robust commercial outlook, gained within the context of large ERP systems and business processes, will complement your ability to drive change whilst improving efficiency and financial controls. Critically, you’ll also bring the ability to break down complex problems systematically into component parts and identify the key relationships. Your other attributes will include: strong communication and persuasive skills with the ability to work across functional teams, influence senior staff and explain financial information to nonfinancial teams technical knowledge of Microsoft Office and Oracle Financials, with excellent Excel modeling working well under pressure. If this Finance Manager role describes you and you can see yourself playing a key role in our organisation in support of our developing technologies, then please click on the apply button below and upload your CV This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceManagerSharedCosts_job****