Title: Data Protection Officer  Data Protection Law Investment Bank
Webindex: 68564017
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Data Protection Officer  Information Security Data Protection Law Investment Bank Data Protection officer with a Law background or a lawyer (a practicing certificate is not required) with at least two years of postqualification experience in the above areas or Snr Data Protection Officer with at least 3 years solid experience within a large Financial Institution. Experience and a keen interest in data protection matters, including transactional work and standalone advice (such as data security, audits, compliance, policies, subject access requests and international reviews). Experience and a keen interest in IT transactions including outsourcing, procurement and service contracts, Ecommerce matters, software contracts and digital media. A good understanding of data privacy governance models and controls, with particular reference to the financial sector. Proven ability to manage work and projects across entities and regions. Familiarity in translating complex legislation into specific and clear businessfocused guidance. A good understanding of data protection legal and regulatory obligations within the UK and a good technical understanding of international privacy legislation and regulation. It is essential that you have strong communication and interpersonal skills, including training experience. Role; The Information Security Data Protection Officer will ensure that the Investment Banks in the UK Territory adhere to and comply with applicable data protection laws and relevant codes of practice. The Information Security Data Protection Officer will liaise with the Data Protection officers of all the Banks companies, as well as data protection specialists at Group Level and in London Legal, to ensure a consistent approach is taken across the UK Territory. The Data Protection officers will provide advice to business and functions where necessary and working with various functions, will project manage the implementation of this advice. The Data Protection officers will respond to subject access requests, on behalf of London Branch, assist with notifications and also monitor and check compliance to the act and codes of conduct. Adlam Consulting operates as an Employment Agency an Employment Business.