Title: Senior Manager  Product Marketing Risk Compliance
Webindex: 71856025
Company: Henley Office
Description: Practicus Strategic Hires are working with a leading International Financial Services provider with the appointment of a Senior Manager  Product, Proposition, Marketing, Risk Compliance which can be based in either London, Dorking or Salisbury. Working as part of an already established team you will be the first line of defence within strategy, proposition development, branding and marketing ensuring a culture of risk control is embedded within the heart of the team. You will provide clear accountability within the team for regulatory compliance ensuring that applicable regulations are in place and processes are compliant. You will take an overview to ensure all printed documents or online material destined for customers or distributors are checked and validated inline with the relevant geographical regulatory bodies. As such the successful candidate will need to interpret the rules and regulatory requirements in the appropriate jurisdictions and oversee the checking and final sign off of all sales aids, literature both on and offline. It will be imperative that you support the department in ensuring that a complete library is maintained of all marketing literature online and print globally. The teams based in the various international locations will need to take ownership of their own regions however this role is seen as pivotal to ensuring this is done. You will need to work closely with Group Risk, Compliance and International Risk oh behalf of the strategy, proposition development, branding and marketing team to ensure a consistent approach and planning audit actions accordingly. In order to be considered for this position you will need to have a detailed understanding of regulatory requirements of multiple jurisdictions as they relate to marketing materials. You will need to demonstrate an extensive experience gained in either a financial compliance or regulatory risk environment ideally within a financial product provider environment. You will ideally have had International experience within at least one of the following nonUK regulators: Hong Kong, Singapore, UAE, Europe Freedom of Service or large countries within Latin America. This is an excellent opportunity to take a lead role within an international Financial Services provider and embed a risk control culture at the very heart of their key products and marketing material.