Title: Business Development Manager  Investment Banking Clients
Webindex: 69568335
Company: TLP Consultancy
Description: Business Development Manager  Investment Banking clients  Excellent package inc commission and benefits  package to six figures  great company culture. Leading London based banking software solutions provider with a global reach is looking for a talented Business Development Manager to work within a very busy Fixed Income Team (Investment Banking clients) It's a 'Big Job' you will work with Vertical Heads and Client Coverage teams to help promote new products with clients and prospects. Particular focus is on senior level (MD) interaction and introduction of new platform concepts and products. The role is central to shaping the regional strategy for revenue growth; the business development manager provides a deep market understanding to provide expert sales for the vertical. You should be a straight talker with the gravitas and goaloriented working style to succeed in longer term planning and business growth. A consultative and proactive approach is essential, together with the ability to generate ideas independently. Excellent interpersonal skills are required. Developing relationships and managing key stakeholder relationships within internal and external resources is an integral part of the role. Responsibilities include:  Generate strategies for revenue growth and develop business plans  Develop customised pitches and other collateral material along with Relationship Teams  Proactively networking through various channels to access our clients and prospects  Establish highlevel relationships at targeted clients  Design a strategy based on thorough understanding of key stakeholders  Identify opportunities to increase the footprint of product throughout clients You should have excellent knowledge of the Capital Markets and Investment Banking sectors, be consultative in your approach to clients with the ability to build strong client relationships. This is an excellent opportunity to work for a leading solutions provider supporting some of the biggest names in the industry, a company with a fantastic culture, (good work/life balance). TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.