Title: Licensee Auditor
Webindex: 72221399
Company: Hays
Description: Avis Budget Group EMEA is a leading provider of mobility solutions across Europe,Africa and theMiddle East,where it operates the globally recognised Avis and Budget brands. The Avis brand operates across six continents in 166 countries,through whollyowned subsidiaries and Licence arrangements. Avis is a trusted brand with a long history of innovation in the car rental industry and is one of the world's top brands for customer loyalty,with a commitment to true convenience and exceptional service with the Avis human touch. The Budget brand,serves customers across six continents in 124 countries, predominately through Franchises and through corporate operations inFrance,Germany,Spain,UK,Austria,NetherlandsandSwitzerland. Budget is an industry leader in providing vehicle rental services to valueconscious travellers worldwide. We are looking for a Licensee Auditor to join our expanding Internal Audit Department in EMEA. Working across the Licensee network, you will gain a detailed understanding of the Licensee's key processes, systems and records and conduct audits to ensure Licensees are properly reporting revenues and operating in accordance with their agreements. Responsible for planning, execution and delivery, your findings and recommendations will be discussed with Licensee management upon completion of the fieldwork and reported to the Head of Internal Audit for review. This is a highly commercial role requiring sound knowledge of current auditing techniques and documentation standards. Excellent written and face to face communication skills combined with strong influencing and presentation skills are required. As well as good analytical ability and high attention to detail, you will possess good time management skills and be able to work both autonomously and within a team environment. Although a formal accounting or auditing qualification; ACA, ACCA, CMIIA, CIA is preferred, people with relevant practical experience will be considered on merit. Previous Licensee /Franchisee audit experience would be an advantage as would French language capability. This position provides a fantastic opportunity to travel (up to 50%) and to experience a broad range of international cultures.