Title: Employee Benefits & Project Manager
Webindex: 69993538
Company: Compliance Resource Solutions Ltd
Description: Our Client is well known and Operates within the Financial Services/IFA Market. They are now looking to meet with a Suitably Experienced Individual to act in the Capacity of a Employee Benefits Advisor Project Manager. Job Summary: This varied and client facing role exists to manage and deliver the services to Employee Benefit clients as agreed by the relevant Partner. The role consists of **** main functions: inducting new joiners into GPP’s, dealing with queries from GPP members and other employees managing the delivery of projects (such as new scheme installations and autoenrolment). The time spent on each will depend on the needs of the business at any given time, so the successful candidate will need to have skills suitable for each function and the adaptability to switch between the three. Most important is your desire to strive to do a good job, to get things right first time, and to give our clients a great experience. This role is a vital component in delivering Secondsight’s Delighted Client Journey experience. Main Responsibilities • Act as a CF**** Investment Adviser in accordance with Our Clients procedures and FSA rules and guidance • Meet with employees of Secondsight’s clients, to assist them in joining their employers GPP. This will involve the use of pension forecasting software. • Complete the necessary paperwork and processes post meetings. • Present to groups of clients. • Resolve ad hoc queries that arise from GPP members or other client employees. • Project manage the installation of new schemes, Autoenrolment and other Employee Benefit related projects. This means taking overall responsibility for the smooth and successful completion of projects, organisng resources, liaising with clients, escalating issues and ensuring Partner is well informed. • Dealing with queries from HR contacts within client firms. • To participate in appropriate company and departmental training, competence and development initiatives. • To continuously meet, the regulator’s Fit Proper requirements. Candidate Requirements: Essential • Financial Planning Certificate • Diploma in Financial Services • Experience in managing client relationships • Strong knowledge of, and interest in, pensions • Experience in delivering Presentations Desirable (but not essential) • Previous experience as an Employee Benefits Adviser • Likely to currently be a Financial Adviser or Paraplanner • Previous project leadership/management and advantage Key Skills and Personal Attributes • Personable • Conscientious • Questioning • Excellent follow through • Team player • Ability to interact effectively with all types of people • Thorough, excellent attention to detail • Dependable • Adaptable • Good organizer • Able to use initiative • Able to build empathy with client such that their goals and aspirations can be understood • Committed to understand and support the ethos, values and Strategy of Our Client • Team player, making positive contributions to colleagues and building strong collaborative relationships • Selfstarter • Energetic • Driven to achieve agreed target results A description of the ideal candidate: • Previous experience as an Employee Benefits Adviser • Likely to currently be a Financial Adviser or Paraplanner • Previous project leadership/management and advantage There is also a Fantastic Salary Benefits Package Available This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmployeeBenefitsProjectManager_job****