Title: Accounts & Audit Assistant  Top 20 Practice
Webindex: 68687348
Company: Randstad Financial & Professional
Description: Due to consistent growth in the client base of this Top 20 accountancy practice in Leeds, the need for an additional member of the Audit Accounts team working at an Semi Senior level has been identified. The practice has an enviable client base of OMB for some of the regions most successful organisation. To these they provide a broad range of accounts, audit, taxation business advisory services, with the focus being very much on how they can help their clients grow. Working as an Semi Senior, you will work alongside the Qualified Seniors and Managers in the provision of these services to a varied SME client s typically up to 25m t/o. To these your will provide a broad range of service including statutory and management accounts, audit and taxation. The practice is incredibly well established and has an excellent reputation in the market place for the provision of high calibre work and high quality service. The firm provides a more dynamic working environment that many of a similar size struggle to match and has a very progressive approach to the market. To be considered for this role you will of gained a minimum of 2 years experience working in an accountancy practice and of gained exposure to producing full set of accounts and audit processes. It is envisaged that you will be soon to complete or recently completed your AAT, however applications from those at the early stages of their ACA or ACCA are also encouraged. Full study support is available with this role, as is the opportunity to progress your skills and experience, gain audit exposure and join a high calibre firm to develop your career. Randstad Financial Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Business Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsAuditAssistantTop20Practice_job****