Title: Specialised Lending Services Officer
Webindex: 70090730
Description: Job Purpose: To assist with the management of a portfolio of complex cases of primarily vulnerable (high risk of loss) and impaired (actual loss of anticipated) customers on a non geographic basis with a view to identifying an appropriate strategy for maximum recovery of Bank exposure. Upgrade and retention of relationships to be managed within agreed guidelines. Responsibilities: Assist with Management of a complex portfolio of vulnerable and impaired borrower connections. Monitor all action plans set and followup discussed and agreed strategy with Case Manager. Communicating with Branches, Internal Departments, External Professionals and customers. Undertake a thorough review of delegated case files ensuring both good account knowledge and that they are well ordered for Credit Review / Internal Audit purposes. Assist with timely preparation of analytical reports supporting the logic for proposed recovery strategies for all borrower connections in your portfolio. Assist with timely preparation of quarterly discounted cash flows to identify extent of provision for loss needed, on a case by case basis in accordance with International Accounting Standards requirements. Ensure timely preparation of quarterly summary progress reports for all cases allocated on a case by case basis. Ensure timely completion of other required vulnerable and Impaired reports as requested. The management of all security issues on current portfolios Competent efficient monitoring and control of cases in the portfolio including review, COINS (a corporate account performance monitoring system), watchlist cases, receipt of management accounts, covenant compliance, limit renewals etc. Assist in preparation and presentation of Credit/or Credit Impairment Provision papers (mark ups) to Deputy Head of SLS, Head of Credit Unit/Chief Credit Officer, UK Credit Committee and to Group Credit Committee as appropriate, within allocated timescales. Preparation of facility documentation. Collating and completion of Financial Information on Internal Monitoring reports as required. Prepare drawdown s for appropriate sign off. Coins monitor and updating entries, complete by **** daily. Ensure consistency with regard to the level of customer service delivered. Ensure the Bank s return is commensurate with the underlying risks evident. Action monthly credit grading reports. Ensure customers are treated fairly,(and in line with all Banking Code requirements and relevant legislation.) Person Specification: A banking background is essential Experience of lending required