Title: HMRC Reporting Senior Administrator
Webindex: 72691644
Company: I F D S Ltd
Description: HMRC Reporting Senior Administrator International Financial Data Services (IFDS) are seeking a HMRC Reporting Senior Administrator. IFDS are the leading supplier of thirdparty administration and IT services to European investment clients and their customers. Part of a global group and a joint venture between State Street Corporation and DST Systems, our business has grown tenfold since inception in **** and continues with rapid growth today We currently offer state of the art solutions across funds, retirement insurance and investment platforms. We employ over **** staff across the UK, Ireland, Luxembourg, Thailand and Mumbai. The HMRC Reporting team is responsible for reporting to HM Revenue Customs (HMRC) details of Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (SDRT), ISA/JISA, Child Trust Funds (CTF) and Pensions. The team also provides ISA/JISA statistical information to an external third party and provides information on any clients with an American address to the IRS. The team complete SDRT calculations on a weekly basis and provide a monthly return to HMRC. There are also a variety of ISA/JISA/CTF/Pension returns that are completed monthly, quarterly and annually. There are strict guidelines and deadlines that are set by HMRC that the team must adhere to in order to maintain the reputation of IFDS and the confidence of our clients. About the role: To complete the day to day processes within the department. To run and maintain inhouse supported macros, including improvement of existing macros and creation of new macros. To ensure all quality checking is monitored and completed within specified SLAs on a weekly/monthly/quarterly/yearly basis To complete the Monthly / Quarterly / Annual HMRC returns in accordance with SLA deadlines To provide day to day support to the team and assist with queries. Liaise with Team Leader on a daily/weekly basis to ensure all issues are raised in a timely manner. To update and escalate items on the HMRC weekly RAG report log. To assist in the completion of the Monthly Issues log so that the HMRC Managers can complete the Risk analysis/Board monthly report. To ensure regular ACE / ****:**** meetings are booked with HMRC Group Manager/ Team Leader To assist with any allocated Project work to ensure accurate and complete information is provided within agreed timescales. To complete and maintain HMRC Reporting Guides and Procedures To assist in the raising of system issues (WTs) and to attend any WT/Project meetings as required Assist with the preparation for internal /external audits To review processes on a regular basis and look at developing improvements Complete any ad hoc tasks as directed by HMRC Managers About You: Your skills knowledge: Excellent Communication, Planning, Prioritising Organisational skills Knowledge of Visual Basic and advanced Excel skills essential (including macro creation and maintenance) Ability to work on own initiative, multi task and meet strict deadlines Accuracy and attention to detail Effective Verbal reasoning and numeric skills Good keyboard skills to include MS Office packages systems used within the business Nice to have: HMRC SDRT experience IFDS system experience Experience in Financial Services Investment Industry Knowledge of PEP, ISA, Unit Trust, OEIC and Investment Trust administration Knowledge and understanding of FSA regulatory environment