Title: NEW BUSINESS SALES CONSULTANT – BUSINESS SOLUTIONS
Webindex: 72446900
Company: BSC Sales Specialists
Description: NEW BUSINESS SALES CONSULTANT – BUSINESS SOLUTION SALES (Warm calls to existing clients) **** basic (realistic up to ****k OTE  Uncapped)  Free parking  23 days holidays  good transport routes located near by. Altrincham location An extremely varied and consultative, internal sales opportunity within an expanding Accountancy Solutions company which is still experiencing growth and success despite the recent economic climate. Currently seeking a highly motivated business to business Sales Executive to join their Manchester based team. This is a full sales cycle sales opportunity ideal for those with proven outbound calling business to business sales now seeking an opportunity which involves a mixture of inbound conversion calls and proactive outbound calls to a warm / existing client base. As a proactive sales candidate you will have a passion for developing new business over the telephone via internal enquiries, adopting a consultative sales approach to promote the companies full range of services into a UK wide client base. You will be committed to chasing all paperwork and enquiries to maximise conversions, offering an excellent customer service throughout. Currently seeking sales professionals who can assess the client’s needs using effective questioning techniques. KEY DUTIES:  Selling a wide range of accountancy services.  Developing new business leads through incoming enquiries.  Providing initial consultations to win more customer contractors.  To build relationships with existing and new clients to encourage client referrals.  To chase nonlive opportunities.  Applying consultative sales and questioning techniques, establishing need, promoting relevant benefits to fully educate the client on the range of solutions available and close sales.  Achieve set targets and conversion rates.  Secure long term contracts and constantly aim to increase sales and revenue.  Identify client needs; negotiate packages to work in line with every budget and overcome objections.  To proactively nurture new and existing customer relationships by providing an inspirational level of customer service in line with the brand on a daytoday basis.  To monitor and resolve all customer issues and complaints quickly and tenaciously, ensuring that the integrity of the relationship is maintained.  To create a record of new customers through the inhouse database, monitoring and keeping a record of each of the consultations carried out and continue this through the starter process.  To ensure attention to detail in all reporting. Requirements Due to the demands of the role all candidates must possess:  Previous experience of working within fast paced business to business outbound telesales environments. (May consider strong outbound business to consumer experience).  You must be a results focused, money motivated and enthusiastic telesales professional with a can do attitude and a passion for sales.  **** GCSEs including Maths and English or equivalent.  You will possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and will have a pragmatic approach to problem solving.  Cold calling and lead generation ability.  You will possess an excellent telephone manner with the ability to develop sustainable relationships.  Must have strong interpersonal skills, be self motivated and target driven and possess excellent communication skills.  Computer literate with experience using Microsoft Excel, Word and Outlook.  You will be tenacious enjoy working in a target driven and pressurised environments and be fun to work with. BSC Sales Specialists Ltd are a sales specialist recruitment consultancybased in central Manchester working in partnership with clients and candidates to offer permanent sales recruitment solutions, tailored to individual needs. Focusing specifically on sales related opportunities our recruitment expertise covers Telesales, high level Internal Sales professionals, Telemarketing, Account Management, Field Sales, Business Development (and more) all at executive and managerial level. If you are currently seeking a new challenge but feel the above job spec doesnt quite match what you're looking for please do contact us to discuss further opportunities, all enquiries will be treated confidentially . If you are interested in being considered for this opportunity please forward your CV to infobscrecruitment.com quoting reference code **** and highlighting all relevant skills and experience. Suitable candidates will be contacted and full vacancy details will be disclosed before any formal applications are made. Please note that BSC are specialist a recruitment agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NEWBUSINESSSALESCONSULTANTBUSINESSSOLUTIONS_job****