Title: Regional Accountant / Finance Manager Job  West Yorkshire
Webindex: 71127934
Description: Randstad is recruiting for a regional accountant for an instantly recognisable business. To provide financial support to the Northern region portfolio . This will include financial performance management, the appraisal of projects and contracts and the management of debt. To liaise closely with the centrally based finance team and to have a reporting line into the Head of Commercial Support and a dotted line into the Regional Director. ACCOUNTABILITIES / ACTIVITIES To analyse regional financial performance in order to help operational management capitalise on good performance and address areas of under performance. To work with central commercial support with regard to analysis and benchmarking exercises across the business and to coordinate the collation of home level information as required. To work with the relevant parties within the region or the site to eradicate issues which are causing errors or problems with reporting financial performance. QUALIFICATIONS, TRAINING & EXPERIENCE Qualified accountant (CIMA ACA or ACCA) with, ideally, at least 3 years PE or equivalent. Experience of business facing analytical roles. Experience of working closely with operational management, preferably in a multisite environment. Positive communicator with good influencing skills. The role is based in Leeds and will cover a territory of the M62 and into Scotland, the job holder will be expected to travel extensively within the region (on average 2.5 days per week). Apply now for immediate considerationRandstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****