Title: Underwriting Risk Analyst (Pricing & Projects)
Webindex: 68677500
Company: Taylor James Resourcing
Description: A prestigious City based Reinsurance Group seeks a Risk Analyst person with insurance analyst/pricing related backgroundm, with strong analytics experience in pricing models. Strong process management mindset, with experience in organizing and arranging projects. Experience within insurance/ risk management, is required, with a University degree in a scientific or financial/analytical discipline Key Responsibilities: Completion of pricing models for innovative insurance transactions. Act as project manager on innovative solution projects as required. Collation of available market, industry or academic data to assist in risk assessment, modelling and underwriting. Assisting the research and development process for new and innovative insurance solutions. Internal reporting and record retention. General Duties and Tasks: Pricing / analysis Analysis of the operational, financial and strategic risks of corporate clients. Indepth result and balancesheet analysis for target clients. Completion of insurance pricing models for target and renewal clients. Project / transaction participation Coordination and steering of the renewal timetables for current clients. Deal management / organizational functions for selected complex transactions / projects. Research and provision of industry potential loss occurrence data relating to insurance solutions (assisting research and development processes). Working on specific research and development projects with the aim of developing new and innovative solutions. Work on contract conditions and wording. Internal reporting and record retention Control of data input with respect to completed transactions. Compiling of statistics reporting the planning and financial results of the business team. Coordination and discussion of complex issues with the different KnowHow centers in the group (e.g. analysis of existing programmes, problemsolving with respect to the processing of complex transactions, accessing internal datasources, etc.). Control and maintenance of team record retention practices. Prepare (and carry out) presentations for clients and internal stakeholders. Coordination of client relationship activities. Plus any additional duties and responsibilities that may reasonably be expected to be undertaken in accordance with the role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UnderwritingRiskAnalystPricingProjects_job****