Title: Campaign Consultant
Webindex: 70255525
Company: Interaction   York
Description: Campaign Consultant Mon  Fri office hours. ****  **** per hour Our Client is one of the UK's largest insurance providers, they combine strong life insurance, general insurance and asset management businesses under one powerful brand. They are committed to providing excellent customer service to build a strong sustainable business, which makes a positive contribution to society, and for which their people are proud to work. A temporary Campaign Consultant role has been created in the Marketing Communications team to support the launch of a new marketleading corporate benefits platform. The successful candidate will be part of a small team set up to support the project, which also comprises a Communications Manager and two Copywriters, and is part of the wider Corporate Benefits Marketing Communications team. The role will focus on managing a range of marketing activities to support the launch of the new platform. Examples include:  Drafting documents, promotional marketing and sales support materials, from scoping through to approval and delivery.  Supporting the Communication Manager at programme workshops.  Inputting and feeding back on copy and design of documents. This is an exciting opportunity for someone with the necessary skills looking to apply these in a marketing environment, or someone who already has marketing experience and is looking to expand their skills in a new area. The role provides the opportunity to really make a difference and contribute to the company's future success in the corporate benefits market. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS / ENVIRONMENT: ESSENTIAL: Organisation  ability to manage multiple and varied tasks effectively. Selfmotivated  ability to work on their own or part of a team. Vision  ability to turn business requirements into practical solutions. DESIRABLE: Experience of working in a marketing environment (desirable but not essential) Knowledge of the financial services market (desirable but not essential). ESSENTIAL: Experience of managing and delivering multiple tasks. Ability to apply themselves to a varied workload. Proven record of delivering to deadlines. Problem solving and ability to define practical solutions Flexibility Ability to deliver to deadlines Effective time management Customer focus Good team player Positive and resilient attitude Wellorganised Going further for results Ability to influence and manage key stakeholders Good communicator If you feel you meet the above criteria please apply today We look forward to hearing from you This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CampaignConsultant_job****