Title: Conformance Operations Risk Manager (London)
Webindex: 71293932
Company: Barclays Corporate
Description: About Barclays Barclays moves, lends, invests and protects money for customers and clients worldwide. With over 300 years of history and expertise in banking, we operate in over 50 countries and employ over **** people. We provide large corporate, government and institutional clients with a full spectrum of solutions to their strategic advisory, financing and risk management needs. Our clients also benefit from access to the breadth of expertise across Barclays. We re one of the largest financial services providers in the world, and are also engaged in retail banking, credit cards, corporate banking, and wealth and investment management. For further information about Barclays, please visit our website www.barclays.com Department Overview This role is part of UK Corporate Operations. With a global footprint, we provide dedicated support to our clients and coverage colleagues through our strategic middle and back office capabilities. UK Corporate Operations is divided in to ****ey specialisms; Client Servicing, Middle Office amp; Lending Operations, Sales amp; Trade Finance Operations, Operational Change Management, Internal Control amp; Global Payments. This role sits within our Global Payments division. Global Payments provide payment processing services across the breadth of the Barclays franchise. Every day we serve more than **** clients and process more than 7million payments with a value in excess of 47**** billion. Main Function Of The Job Develop and implement an extended and enhanced Payments Risk Reporting Framework and the Payment Scheme and Manual Payments Policies across the Barclays Group Main Duties amp; Responsibilities Work with the business units to embed the Framework so that it becomes an effective risk management tool and provides the necessary level of oversight and assurance; Improve the control performance and risk management practices of a large (in terms of volume and value) and geographically dispersed payments operation; Review and provide management assurance around the design and operating effectiveness of payments controls in all payment processing locations. Person Requirements Knowledge and practical experience of Operational Risk frameworks, policies and procedures. Knowledge of the conformance, governance and compliance practices within the financial services environment together with knowledge of banking and payment products and operations to enable informed analysis, and challenge; Good understanding of audit and internal control practices and methodologies Substantial risk management experience preferably in an international corporate banking environment Demonstrated experience of developing and embedding risk reporting frameworks Primary location for this role is London, however we are open to applications from candidates wishing to be based in Poole or Glasgow .