Title: Finance Manager UK
Webindex: 69533836
Company: Guthy Renker
Description: nbsp; Established in 1988 GuthyRenker is one of the world s largest direct response television companies with sales of more than $**** Billion per year. GuthyRenker is a privately owned, US based company with offices in the US, UK, Germany, China, Japan, Australia and Sweden. We offer the right person the exciting task of leading and developing the UK Finance Manger Function. As the Finance Manger for UK/Ireland you will have to ensure that our accounting is performed according to UK GAAP. You are responsible for the monthly management P amp;L, yearend accounts, as well as VAT reporting and tax returns. Main areas of responsibilities will be : Ongoing accounting in Oracle Financials Monthly Management Accounts VAT reporting and Tax returns Statutory reporting under UK GAAP Contact person for our auditors Compile reports and analysis for our headquarter in the US Provide analytical expertise in tactical/strategic discussions, i.e. for credit control Overseeing suppliers and payments Supervision of monthly payroll and PAYE compliance Project related tasks We are looking for a qualified accountant with analytical skills ideally with experience in direct marketing and/or experience in retail/consumer goods industry. As a person you are committed, curious and interested in developing the role and yourself. You thrive in an expanding and changeable environment and are very bottom line focused. We can offer you a job in a fast moving international environment. The position is based in London. The position reports to the Senior Finance Manager Europe based in Malmo, Sweden however there is a very close daily interaction with the Managing Director for UK/Ireland. The ideal candidate likes to work independently and has experience working for a multinational company. nbsp; Summary of requirements: Qualified Accountant Familiar with UK GAAP and US GAAP Analytical skills Strong communication skills Independent, flexible worker Handson attitude In return you will get the opportunity to work in a global organization in an expanding and exiting phase. This role gives you unique opportunity to develop yourself and your skills in a highly professional way.