Title: Group Risk Scheme Underwriter
Webindex: 68679484
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: An international leader within the Group Risk market are currently recruiting for an experienced Group Risk Scheme Underwriter to join their successful business. Working within a Group Risk and Customer Service department, this is a role for an experienced Underwriter to make underwriting decisions in regards to the company's Group Risk products. Key aspects of this role include underwriting new business and renewal quotations, handling scheme adjustments where underwriting may be required, and making underwriting decisions within an agreed authority limits. Plus, within this role, the incumbent will be required to remain up to date with changes in underwriting philosophy to ensure that the right premium is charged for the associated risk, as well as providing an excellent customer experience for our customers. Coaching and providing technical support to other team member will also be a key aspect of this role. The successful candidate must have previous scheme Underwriting experience, and will need to be able to demonstrate an indepth understanding of the Group Risk market and various products on offer. Good interpersonal and analytical skills will also be key, as will a competence with working with various computer programmes and software. GR1 would be preferred, or at least commitment to gain within 12 month period, and candidates should have a proactive, successdriven attitude and be looking to add genuine value to the organisation. Alongside a competitive salary, this role also offers a attractive holiday allowance, discretionary bonus, company pension and private health scheme, and life assurance. PTM130128 Group Risk Scheme Underwriter is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GroupRiskSchemeUnderwriter_job****