Title: Complaints Officer  Financial Services
Webindex: 71746848
Company: MICHAEL PAGE POLICY
Description: you have proven experience of Handling a wide variety of complex disputes and getting to the heart of the matter quickly. MUST have financial services experience. Knowledge and expertise in a specific product area of financial services. Working in an intellectually challenging environment, where you have had to show problemsolving skills and sound judgement. Delivering excellent customer service Meeting and exceeding objectives and targets set remaining calm under pressure and showing initiative in the way you handle your caseload. you have excellent communication and customer service skills You provide excellent service to all of our customers adding real value with each interaction and are able to demonstrate where you ve gone the extra mile. Knowing that behind every case are real people the consumer and the financial business you can adapt your communications to their needs You re great at using the telephone to resolve issues in the most timeeffective way able to manage customer expectations well, and communicate outcomes clearly. You use the customer service feedback to improve the service you and your team provides. you can develop others and share your expertise You re able to coach and mentor other staff whilst doing the day job. You share the best ways of working within your team and to a wider audience within the organisation. You positively contribute to your team s objectives. You re a strong role model, demonstrating the values of the organisation in all areas of your work and professional behaviour. you can use your initiative and solve problems You bring common sense to every situation. When you see something that doesn t look quite right, or you think we could improve, you speak up. You re good at solving problems, quickly getting grips with complex issues. When reading documents and looking for information, you can spot the relevant details quickly.