Title: Associate, Transaction Management
Webindex: 71621357
Company: C.K.R. Recruitment Limited
Description: Associate, Transaction Management Support ****  ****  Bonus  Benefits City The Company They are a fast expanding European investment group involved in managing a **** billion portfolio of debt assets comprising performing and distressed real estate, corporate and consumer loans. The role lies within their subsidiary which provides administration and collection facility as well as securitisation services. The Role Reporting to an Executive Director of Transaction Management, your role will be to provide support during the process of acquiring assets, refinancing and disposal transactions. You will support the negotiation of new or renegotiation of existing asset management servicing agreements as well as working on other business initiatives and projects as well as securitisations. Specifically you will:  Provide support to the Executive Director of Transactions as he manages and facilitates the successful delivery of completed loan transactions which are added to the portfolio within agreed timescales, budgets and resourcing  With the Executive Director of Transactions, develop detailed project plans and documentation for each transaction  Project office management, ensuring that project plans are followed and that formal project management disciplines are used  Undertake detailed analysis of the financial implications of transactions using complex analysis in Excel Who they are looking for In order to be considered for this exciting role, you must meet the following criteria. You must:  Be a graduate with a good degree in a numeric subject and have experience of onboarding transactions after the transaction event  Have understanding of Capital Markets and Asset Trading within the UK European Markets.  Have good analytical and numeracy skills including the manipulation of spread sheets. Very strong Excel skills.  Some project management training and experience  Be adept at prioritizing and keeping a total overview of each transaction activity as well as documentation. Other attributes of the successful candidate would include:  Ideally some understanding of UK contract law and  High level of personal organization and ability to influence others to ensure deadlines are achieved and quality outcomes delivered  Strong work ethic, prepared to work long hours when transaction activities demand  Good communicator and influencer as well as good reporting skills and excellent written English  Team player, good at working across functional areas and sharing credit for success  International mindset, able to work with colleagues in the USA and Europe  Selfstarter and able to work on their own initiative and also as part of a team.