Title: Corporate Account Handler/Broker (Lancashire)
Webindex: 70758396
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Corporate Account Handler/Broker Lancashire ****  **** A leading corporate broker, with international coverage is looking to appoint an Account Handler/Broker to their office in the North West. The Role Due to continued success and a growing portfolio of accounts, our clients are looking to add an individual to their existing team who can provide exceptional broking support to the Directors. Duties will include working with both new and existing accounts in both a client and market facing capacity. The role will require you to ensuring client satisfaction by assisting with any queries, MTA s, amendments, etc. which may arise as well as assisting with renewal/prerenewal matters and negotiating with the panel of insurers on wordings, policies and premiums. The role will require a switched on, dynamic individual who is comfortable interacting with clients and insurers, sometimes in person during accompanied visits. The Company Our client has an outstanding reputation with clients and peers alike and is renowned for professionalism and exceptional service within the corporate space. They focus on offering insurance and risk management solutions to fit the individual needs of each corporate client and have enjoyed over 75 years of continued success. The are a forward thinking business who are adaptable enough to move with market conditions, this allows them to remain at the forefront of their market place and along with their independence, which allows them the flexibility to compete with larger national brokers. Package There is a basic salary available of between ****k****k dependant on experience as well as solid package and genuine career prospects. The Successful Applicant The successful applicant will ideally have experience of corporate accounts within a brokerage, perhaps in a similar role, although the client is prepared to consider people with transferable skills if they demonstrate the right attitude plus willingness and aptitude to learn. Individuals with an insurer background, or with broking/handling experience with commercial accounts would be of interest. Industry qualifications will help your application. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful