Title: Risk, Safety and Compliance Consultant
Webindex: 68406765
Description: This position involves working within the rail rolling stock industry and assessing whether engineering, operational or maintenance changes affect the safe and reliable operation of rail systems. The role will relate to the introduction of new systems and management processes, and the assessment and modification of existing systems. This will involve carrying out assessments and supporting and advising clients on whether changes are safe, compliant with requirements, and reliable. This will include assessing engineering design and operational changes. The successful candidate will be responsible for providing clients with expert knowledge of railway safety and interoperability requirements, independent safety assessment and verification of rail systems, competent person assessment, preparation of safety case documentation, management of overall system approvals, strategic and project safety / risk assessment, and RAMS EN**** advice. Other duties will include taking and interpreting client requirements, creating a project plan of how to deliver, and then managing the delivery. Applicants must have 2 years experience of reliability or safety engineering or relevant engineering in a high integrity industry, or 2 years experience of standards compliance or conformity assessment activities in a high integrity or complex industry. They must also be qualified to degree level in an engineering or relevant subject. Located in Derby this position is commutable from Burton on Trent, Swadlincote, Nottingham, Castle Donington, Belpre, Ripley, Leicester, Loughborough To apply for this exciting position please email your current CV to engineeringetsgroup.com quoting job reference DERRSC ETS Engineering and Project Services are an independent Recruitment Agency based in the East Midlands specialising in the placement of permanent and temporary blue and white collar engineering, commercial and industrial personnel. In this instance we are operating as a Recruitment Business Our team of specialists each manage a specific industry sector, based on their knowledge and recruitment experience. With years of combined recruitment experience, our primary focus is to provide both clients and job seekers with a quality, accountable service, based on an honest, consultative approach.