Title: Pricing Business Partner
Webindex: 68704633
Company: Gerrard White
Description: Job Title Pricing Business Partner Location Haywards Heath Salary: Competitive remuneration package based on experience Unique opportunity with a proactive and forwarding thinking insurance company with a strong presence in the UK motor insurance markets principally known for its broker distributed motor insurance products are seeking an to attract a talented Pricing Business Partner to join the Group in West Sussex. The role of a Pricing Business Partner will include working in partnership with the Motor Product and Portfolio Heads to provide professional analyses, and clear recommendations which support the management of the portfolio for profit and growth. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:  To lead the effective monitoring and reporting of the Private Car Motor portfolio underwriting performance in support of the Product / Portfolio Head.  To work in effective partnership with other key stakeholders in the business.  To ensure effective monitoring and communication of relative competitive performance in income, exposure and claims metrics using market benchmarking and analysis.  To use analysis to influence business policy and strategy  demonstrating a clear, beneficial and measurable impact on P L.  To perform annual GLM (EMBlem) updates on the private car portfolio and relaying the results to underwriters.  To advise on monthly rate updates and perform impact analysis on proposed changes. KEY SKILLS: Technical  Experience using SAS and advanced use of Microsoft Excel.  Knowledge of GLM Software (preferably EMBlem), Rate Assessor/Radar, ResQ SPSS Premium Insight would be an advantage. Effective Communication  Adept at written communication and responds well to people face to face.  Highly supportive team member, willing to help out and encourage other people.  Can liaise effectively with internal departments to ensure reports are produced accurately and within agreed timescales. Achievement orientation  Selfmotivated to achieve an expected level of work.  Pays attention to detail and has a concern for quality at all times.  Adopts a consistent and focused approach to work.  Prioritises work to ensure team objectives are achieved. QUALIFICATIONS:  Minimum of ****  5 years of personal lines pricing experience (UK motor pricing experience a plus).  Near qualified or newly qualified FIA, FCAS or equivalent. (Adequate experience will suffice where qualifications were not obtained). The company offers, a highly competitive remuneration package, excellent benefits and fantastic opportunities for personal long term and career development. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PricingBusinessPartner_job****