Title: Financial Accountant  French, German
Webindex: 65357085
Company: Sentinel Performance Solutions
Description: We are a successful and growing mediumsized company, manufacturing and marketing chemical additives and engineered equipment that prevent corrosion in domestic heating and hot water systems. Our markets are driven by increasing energy and maintenance costs, carbon reduction legislation and our exceptional brand strength and record of product innovation. Backed by PE, we are now entering a further phase of planned growth diversification through product innovation, market development and acquisition. Internationally established, we have significant sales in France, Italy and Germany and are active with export markets outside of Europe. The Group currently consists of **** legal entities and **** registered branches in France, Germany and Italy. The role: This is a new post driven by the needs of our growth and we are now seeking a qualified company accountant to take full responsibility for multi market reporting and statutory compliance and for effective management of our accounting processes and controls. Reporting to the FD, you will also have a small team to manage and the opportunity to become involved in, and lead, business change projects. You will: • Be of graduate calibre and a qualified accountant • Have a strong financial accounting background preferably gained in, or by working alongside, commercial/international businesses. • Have up to date knowledge of IFRS and able to advise the Board and wider business stakeholders on statutory issues • Be bright, resourceful and enquiring • Have excellent communications skills to manage relationships spanning the Board, Auditors and internal stakeholders • Have experience in developing and enhancing financial processes and controls • Have advanced IT skills including Excel/ERP Experience of supporting acquisitions would be advantageous. We offer an attractive salary, company bonus comprehensive benefits package . Above all this is a first class opportunity to work across a wide multinational brief in a dynamic small company environment. If you have the qualities we seek the drive to succeed then please send your CV, by clicking on the apply link, or call Bryan McPaul on **** **** **** for further details. No Agencies Please