Title: Operations Analyst Asset Management
Webindex: 69687490
Company: Alexander Black Recruitment Limited
Description: Alexander Black Recruitment is urgently looking for an Operations analyst to join our high profile client. Our client is a $**** billion strong asset manager with a fundamental long short equity focus. This role suits a junior analyst or broker who is looking for a step up in operations or the back office in a small business where responsibility is fast and important. You will be running most of the back office for the business. I am looking for a bright and driven candidate who may not have all the skills but has the ability to learn and develop and a keen eye for the financial markets. The Analyst should enjoy working in a boutique environment and appreciate the opportunity to takeon a broad range of work encompassing all areas of the business. Reporting to the Business Manager, the Operations Analyst will work closely with end users and 3rd party technical support teams on a range of needs including continual improvement, support queries, and project initiatives. On a day to day basis the analyst will be responsible for:  Dealing.  Trade processing.  Daily and monthly portfolio reconciliation with 3 party administrators.  Placing trades in the market using Bloomberg OMS system and receiving executions from brokers.  Working with management, marketing, fund managers and finance to improve processes or create new capabilities.  Implementation of practical solutions appropriate for a boutique environment.  Analysis and coding of Bloomberg AIM pre and post trade compliance constraints to ensure adherence with IMAs and regulatory restrictions.  Issue tracking and liaising with data and IT vendors to ensure all issues are resolved.  Due diligence of new technology products. Candidates MUST have:  Degree in economics finance math s or computer science minimum 2:**** or equivalent.  2 years experience in a bank or financial institution.  Strong Bloomberg (AIM, PORT, EMSX), Eagle, Morningstar Direct, Omgeo and Excel (e.g. macro/VBA) skills.  Coding experience ideally scripting or VBA and advanced Excel  Knowledge of equities and FX or a desire to learn.  GTD experience or equivalent productivity system preferred. This role suits a candidate in the banking sector looking for a move. You must be hands on and have experience of the dealing market or experience in back office asset management. My client is based in London If this sounds of interest then please send your most recent cv to bankingalexanderblackrecruitment.co.uk or call Thomas Brown on **** **** ****