Title: Audit Senior  AIM OMB clients
Webindex: 69036799
Company: Austin Rose
Description: Are you seeking an Audit Senior role in London that offers exposure to a prestigious range of clients, the technical challenge of IFRS engagements, AIM clients, specialist sectors such as FSA and the opportunity to work on projects such as corporate finance? Would you also be keen to work in a friendly environment that values team ethics and a work life balance? Our client, a highly regarded midtier firm with a partner base who have generally trained within Top 10 firms, are seeking an Audit Senior to join their firm. The firm is technically strong and extremely focused on providing a strong client service. Their client base ranges from small OMBs and inbound internationals to larger groups and AIM listed entities. Should you be looking to remain in practice for the foreseeable future in a role that offers career progression, a supportive environment, and great clients this is the Audit Senior role for you. In addition the client facing element of the role, the opportunity to do advisory projects and the firm`s commitment to involving you in their marketing and networking efforts will give you a much better grounding for a future at either management or partnership level than most Audit Senior roles can offer. As the successful candidate you will:  Be recently ACA qualified  Have a strong audit background, experienced in leading audit teams from planning to completion  Be highly personable with sound verbal and written communication skills  Have an ability to handle client requests in a timely manner and build and maintain good working relationships internally and with clients  Enjoy working as a team player, offering assistance to others and understanding links between personal and team responsibilities and encouraging teamwork on assignments  Demonstrate strong technical skills  Have an awareness of the billing cycle with an ability to demonstrate that you can manage your own time and that of juniors and to complete work with set budgets and timetables In exchange, this Audit Senior role will offer a competitive salary, opportunity for progression and the autonomy to allow you to grow within the role at a rate that suits you without holding you back. All of this in a great West End location and with high calibre colleagues from whom you can learn a great deal. Please call me to discuss this role further or apply on line for immediate consideration. If you are seeking Audit Senior jobs in London contact Austin Rose, the Accountancy Practice Recruitment Specialists.