Title: Audit Manager  Partnership Prospects
Webindex: 69534009
Company: Wavelength   Public Practice Recruitment
Description: Audit nbsp;Manager  Northamptonshire nbsp;c pound;****K  pound;****K nbsp;package A Practice opportunity for qualified ACA / ACCA with a progressive and established local firm. Prospects for progression to Partner level do exist for the right candidate. About the Role: nbsp; Reporting to Partner level the role will have a strong audit bias with Corporate Finance exposure and considerable client contact. Genuine prospects exist for future progression. You will be involved in dealing with the audit and accounting requirements for owner managed businesses, managing clients directly and supervising junior staff. You will be encouraged to continually develop your skills and to take responsibility which will allow you to develop your commercial and interpersonal skills. An opportunity to join an expanding firm offering prospects for future progression and involvement in other areas of business advisory work such as Corporate Finance. Requirements Practice experience dealing with owner managed businesses. Must have strong audit experience and the ability to manage clients and junior staff and have the drive and enthusiasm to be part of a committed team in driving the firm forward. Being ACA / ACCA qualified is essential with a Public Practice background. The successful applicant will be experienced in dealing with the audit and accounting requirements for Owner Managed Businesses and be looking for career progression. Must be ambitious, looking for nbsp;long term progression and be interested in the business development side of running and expanding a firm. Hands on business development experience and the ability to come up with new ideas are nbsp;both essential. The firm will only consider candidates who are currently working in Public Practice and dealing with the audit requirements for Owner Managed Businesses, so please bear this in mind when applying. The successful applicant will be ambitious and is perhaps currently working in a firm where there are no prospects for progression. The final package offered wil depend on the level of experience and ability of the successful applicant. Due to the high number of applications we are receiving currently, we can nbsp;only contact candidates who satisfy the selection criteria and have been shortlisted.