Title: Data Control / Pricing Manager
Webindex: 71172094
Company: Artemis Search Limited
Description: My client one of the leading Financial Services Groups in the UK with substantial operations in West Yorkshire is seeking an experienced Pricing Manager. Reporting into the Head of Data Control you will be responsible for the efficient operation of the Corporate Actions and Pricing Teams within Data Control. You will also be responsible for the development and training of the teams. You will be tasked with :   Monitor and maintain the performance of all staff and of the team to deliverables.  Allocate tasks correctly and efficiently using the most appropriate resources available.  Manage team motivation and mentoring  Proactively improve the procedures and controls within the team  Interact confidently with senior management on all issues surrounding Data Control.  To effectively manage available resources to meet regulatory and client deadlines  To continually and consistently improve the Capita Financial systems, processes and procedures for security pricing  Ensure that checking and validation of price exceptions is completed to required deadlines and accuracy  Manager effective and timely price query investigation resolution  Ensure that all daily and periodic deliverables are completed as required  Resolve complex pricing issues and escalate issues as needed; exercise strong judgment within guidelines.  Participate in the development of pricing policies and procedures, and its continuous improvement process  Produce accurate, effective and timely Management Information from the Data Control area  Complete employee appraisals and performance management appropriately  To perform any other ad hoc tasks as and when required You are an experienced Financial Service professional with knowledge and experience of processing Corporate Actions and managing teams. Extensive knowledge of financial instruments and a relevant professional qualification is an advantage. Artemis Search Limited welcomes applications from anyone, irrespective of age, gender or religious persuasion. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DataControlPricingManager_job****