Title: Business Objects Developer  Team Lead
Webindex: 68097413
Company: Accenture
Description: Business Objects Developer Location: London, but must be willing to be based at and travel to client sites throughout the UK Closing date for applications is 28th February 2013. Accenture reserves the right to close the role prior to this date should a suitable applicant be found. Welcome to Accenture, one of the world's leading providers of management consultancy services. Are you ready to put yourself to the test on business' biggest challenges? Do you want to work in an environment where the bar is raised every day and high performance is just the entry ticket? Think you're up to it? Key Features of the role Accenture is currently initiating various programmes on behalf of our clients which require significant technology delivery. To facilitate this demand we are seeking strong Business Objects developers with the capability to apply technical knowledge and consulting experience to our large programme schedule within the UK Delivery Centre (UKDC). From data quality and cleansing through analytics to integrating structured and unstructured content, we integrate best of breed technology from our extensive network of alliance companies to deliver solutions that help clients measure, analyze and optimize business performance across the entire enterprise. Successful candidates will possess a solid grasp and understanding of fundamental stages within the delivery lifecycle of MI solutions, in particular specialising with SAP Business Objects and have an understanding of waterfall or agile delivery. What's in it for you? If you are looking for a challenging IT career working in a vibrant environment with access to training, and expertise, this could be the role for you. As part of our global team, you'll be working with the latest software and leadingedge development tools and will have the opportunity to deepen existing and build specialist skills on the job. What we're looking for As a Business Objects developer, you will be expected to take a leading role in the architecture and development of client solutions, involving the analysis of business requirements through to implementation. Successful applicants will be assigned to client facing roles, across a wide variety of industry sectors (including financial services, hightechnology and communications, utilities, government and retail clients). The role will involve spending a large proportion of time at client sites so flexibility with location is essential. Typical roles will involve working within a team to perform some or all of the following: Working with client teams to understand their MI requirements and articulate the capabilities of a Business Objects solution Developing and/or leading a team of developers to create an endtoend MI solution, including but not limited to ETL, data quality, data migration, Business Objects Universe creation, summary and detail reporting Working within a structured environment, including the use of structured methods and approaches (e.g. RUP, Prince II, CMM) and modern development tools We are most interested in individuals with the following technical skills: MI: SAP Business Objects, Microstrategy, Cognos, Crystal Reports ETL: Informatica PowerCenter, IBM DataStage, Ab Initio Data Warehouse and Metadata Management: SAP BW, Business Objects Data Services (BODS) Database Management Systems: Teradata, Oracle, SQL Server Master Data Management solutions CRM/eCRM Analytics and Data Mining solutions Data Modelling Qualifications Other Requirements You will possess a good quantitative or numerical degree from a leading university or have equivalent experience Proven success in contributing to and leading within a teamorientated environment Proven abilities to work creatively and analytical in a problemsolving environment Previous relevant experience working with a consulting environment using PMO methodologies and systems Demonstrate experience on projects across a variety of industry sectors Desire to work in a information systems environment Excellent communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Leadership skills Performance management skills Accenture is a global management consulting, technology services and outsourcing company. Combining unparalleled experience, comprehensive capabilities across all industries and business functions, and extensive research on the world's most successful companies, Accenture collaborates with clients to help them become highperformance businesses and governments. With approximately **** people serving clients in more than 120 countries, the company generated net revenues of US$**** billion for the fiscal year ended Aug. **** **** Its home page is www.accenture.com . Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Interested in joining Accenture? Please click the apply button below to apply via our careers page. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessObjectsDeveloperTeamLead_job****