Title: Sales Executive / Sales Consultant
Webindex: 68677956
Company: 360 Resourcing
Description: Are you looking to develop your sales experience in an exciting new sector? Or are you a graduate (or equivalent) looking to move into sales? If so, this is the role for you. Due to continued expansion the largest life insurance broker in Scotland are recruiting for dynamic Sales Executives / Sales Consultants to join their Stirling town centre office. They require ambitious, self motivated and driven individuals to work within a dynamic sales environment. Full training will be provided in accordance with FSA guidelines, as will ample scope to develop your career. Our client wants you to progress and will provide you with the support to take your career to the next level. As a Sales Executive / Sales Consultant you will have the opportunity to earn uncapped commission with ontarget earnings of **** per annum. To send us your CV and apply for this exciting opportunity today, please click 'Apply' and follow the instructions. Sales Executive / Sales Consultant The Role  Using roughly **** new customer leads per month to meet daily and monthly sales targets  Sourcing competitive and comprehensive cover from the UK's largest insurance providers  Fact finding and offering life insurance and protection solutions to your UK client base  Identifying cross sell opportunities from your existing client base Sales Executive / Sales Consultant You  Have excellent communications skills and a determination to succeed  Have proven sales experience and/or be a graduate (or equivalent) looking to move into sales  Specific TELE sales experience would be extremely beneficial  An ability to sell by building rapport and handling objections Sales Executive / Sales Consultant  Commutable From Glasgow, Edinburgh, Dunblane, Dunfermline, Falkirk, Kirkcaldy, Livingston, Paisley, Dumbarton, Perth, Dundee, East Kilbride and Rutherglen. Sales Executive / Sales Consultant  Key Words New Sales Development Coordinator, New Sales, New Sales Development, Business Development, Business Development Executive, Insurance Sales Executive, Insurance Sales Consultant, Insurance Business Development, Insurance Sales, Sales Manager, Sales Executive Telesales Executive, Telesales, Telemarketing Executive, Telemarketing, Business Development Consultant, Direct Sales, Graduate Sales, Sales Consultant. To send us your CV and apply for this exciting opportunity today, please click 'Apply' and follow the instructions. Apply now to be our new Sales Executive / Sales Consultant This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveSalesConsultant_job****