Title: Payroll Team Leader
Webindex: 69250982
Company: London
Description: The Company Robert Half Finance and Accounting are currently in partnership with one of the worlds largest service providers who provide organisations worldwide, of all sizes, with solutions which enable them to manage their everyday needs ultimately saving them money. Our client has grown into a leading international organisation by remaining true to their values of honesty, entrepreneurship, responsibility and quality and, due to recently securing new contracts, they are looking to recruit a Payroll Team Leader to be based in their North Manchester office. The Role The Payroll Team Leader will report directly to the Finance Processing Manager and will provide a range of administrational payroll tasks to ensure the timely and accurate processing of all aspects of Payroll for the North South divisions. Supervising a team of two you will ensure all timesheets are received in payroll on time and accurate authorised timesheets are submitted in line with company deadlines. You will manage any queries which may arise during the processing of payroll with the relevant Manager and develop, document and maintain procedures and controls providing operational training where necessary. You will also be responsible for maintaining and updating fortnightly payroll budgets and ensure any paperwork submitted by operational sites is thoroughly checked before submission to Ceridian. You will also work with the Regional Finance Manager to complete and distribute various weekly and monthly reports to provide management information as well as looking at ways to identify and minimise fraud. The successful candidate must have a proven background within Payroll and also must have, either currently or in the past, managed/ supervised a team. You will also have a positive attitude to innovation and change and be able to build robust relationships with your colleagues. If this role sounds of interest please apply now Salary Benefits ****k  ****k plus additional benefits. Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply.