Title: Risk Assurance  Data Assurance Senior Associate
Webindex: 68493572
Company: Watson Moore
Description: My client’s Risk Assurance Services Data Assurance team has plans for significant growth. To support this, they are looking to recruit a Senior Associate with an interest in data management and data analysis to their growing Northern team, based in central Manchester and working on a variety of clients. About the role Businesses constantly make decisions based on the data held within their IT systems. As systems become more complex and integral to the operation and direction of the business, the importance of understanding the underlying data and information generated has never been greater. The Data Assurance team work with clients and audit teams to better understand and analyse their data for numerous and varied purposes. The type of work is varied, from supporting an audit to helping a company to better understand its internet traffic or remodelling a utility company’s billing processes. What you will be offered: An impressive list of clients with different needs and issues at both a technical and strategic level. The opportunity to develop your technical and business skills and enhance your business advisory, presentational and interpersonal skills. My client is recognised for the quality of its training programmes that cover both technical and 'soft' (e.g. report writing) skills. The opportunity to work in an atmosphere where you are encouraged to be creative and imaginative with the emphasis always on serving clients' needs. The following skills are required for this role: Essential skills: • Background and proven track record of technical experience in data mining and how this can be used for assurance / auditing  e.g. Computer Assisted Audit Techniques (CAATs) •Analytical skills  Understands and can describe typical issues surrounding the quality of data within business systems and how these can be resolved •Evidence of interpersonal skills – specifically a high level of interaction with business and not focussed on a back office technical role •Some evidence of project management skills and working to budgets and deadlines •The ability to work flexibly and effectively in different teams for varying periods of time whilst still building good working relationships with both colleagues and client personnel at all levels •Identifying and effectively reporting any issues and recommendations for improvement to clients •Must be able to articulate a business issue and potential impact without resorting to technical language •Some knowledge of finance/accounting •Ability to multi task Desirable skills: •Good working knowledge of SQL and Access •Good working knowledge of ACL, VBA and Excel •Knowledge of an ERP e.g. SAP or Oracle •Demonstrable some experience of managing teams to deliver Data Assurance assignments •Enthusiasm for business development If you are interested in this position and would like to find out more, please contact Emma on [contact details removed] or email [contact details removed]