Title: Telephone Sales Advisor (Retail Banking)
Webindex: 70255753
Company: Birchfield Recruitment
Description: As one of the largest banking groups within the UK our client is an established leader within their sector. As part of their continued growth within their retail banking division they are seeking to appoint a customer sales advisor to work from their offices in Warrington The role is a sales role and as such you will be expected to work towards and exceed targets both in sales and customer service. You’ll use your people skills to connect with customers over the phone, and your ability to spot opportunities to recommend new products. Ideally you will have telephony experience within a related sales environment, at the very least you must be able to demonstrate excellent customer service and sales experience with a demonstrable track record with a targeted sales environment. You should also have good PC skills, an organised, methodical approach and be comfortable with working in a targetdriven environment. In return, you’ll enjoy a wide range of benefits with a salary starting at **** in addition to a performance related which can add a further 20% to your earnings. Also on offer is a flexible package that allows you to choose cash or pick from a range of benefit options including retail discount vouchers, private medical insurance and a contributory pension scheme. And, to help you be your best, you’ll have full support and great training from the moment you join. Successful candidates will be able to demonstrate the following skills and competencies: Experience with Microsoft Office based PC skills, In respect to working hours you must be prepared to be fully flexible, the role requires working to a 5 week pattern working between **** with 6 weekend days out of 10. This is an excellent opportunity to join a blue chip company who pride themselves on developing staff to their true potential. If you feel that you can work to and beyond the client’s needs please send an up to date CV today. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelephoneSalesAdvisorRetailBanking_job****