Title: Wealth Advisor  Manchester
Webindex: 68671946
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Wealth Advisor Manchester Up to **** Our client is currently looking for an experienced Wealth Manager to join their team in Manchester. The pain purpose of this role is to advice their clients on all aspects of financial planning and wealth management. The successful candidate will adopt an holistic approach in managing longterm relationships with these clients to deliver suitable, independent and beneficial ongoing financial planning and wealth solutions to meet their short and longterm objectives. You will also develop and deliver the agreed business targets whilst remaining compliant and meeting client's needs. An existing client bank is ready for the successful individual but a proactive nature to developing new business is required. THE ROLE  To deliver fee income against agreed plan.  To achieve and maintain competence as defined within the Company's Training and Competence Scheme.  To demonstrate and ensure all compliance file checks are neatly and comprehensively completed within the Company's Training and Competence Scheme.  Manage billing work in progress to create efficiency and service to clients.  Maintain an effective client bank management system to provide excellence in customer service and quality holistic advice.  Ensure that all client portfolios are reviewed in line with clients' changing strategic requirements  Build and maintain centres of influence to initiate and nurture close relationships with professional advisers (lawyers, accountants etc.).  To act in a professional capacity with external and internal customers to deliver the Company's culture and ethos to build a respected and valuable business. THE PERSON For your application to be considered, you must have experience within a Wealth Advisor/Independent Financial Advisor role and have good technical knowledge of financial service products. You will understand wealth management practices and be qualified to Diploma Personal Finance Society (Dip PFS) level or equivalent. Experience with HNW or UHNW clients and dealing with specialist skills such as PI, medical negligence and divorce would be advantageous. For more information please contact Graeme Hyland on **** **** **** or email Graeme.hylandidexconsulting.com Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WealthAdvisorManchester_job****