Title: A&H Development Underwriter  Birmingham
Webindex: 68695925
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: A H Development Underwriter Birmingham Up to **** This established and highly respected insurance company is looking to strengthen their team with the appointment of a A H Development Underwriter to maximise business opportunities within the sale of commercial insurance. This is an exciting time to join the company as they are going through a sustained period of growth where you will genuinely be able to make a difference. The Role You will develop and maintain relationships with existing brokers and corporate clients as well as actively sourcing new business opportunities in order to maximise growth and profitability. By providing an excellent level of service and using good negotiation skills, you will try and retain existing accounts. New business will be introduced by establishing a pipeline of accounts and identifying potential new business opportunities. You will provide all clients with commercial insurance quotations within your underwriting authority level, dealing with all A H risks. The Company Our client is one of the most respected names in the insurance industry and has been established in the Birmingham Market for a number of years. They pride themselves on seeking out opportunities to write new business as well as providing a quality level of service to their brokers throughout the UK. The Benefits Salary of up to **** plus excellent company benefits including pension, bonus, DIS etc. For the right person, this is an excellent opportunity to progress your career with one of the leading names in the industry. The Person For your application to be considered, you must have a strong background in technical commercial insurance underwriting and have solid knowledge of A H insurance. You will need a proven track record in underwriting new A H business and understand the broker and client operational environment. An insurance qualification would be advantageous. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AHDevelopmentUnderwriterBirmingham_job****