Title: Senior HR Consultant
Webindex: 68292767
Company: cer Financial
Description: Job Role: Senior HR Consultant Location: Edinburgh or Glasgow Position: Permanent Salary: Circa **** Our client are currently hiring for a Senior HR Consultant to be based in their Edinburgh or Glasgow office. Key Accountabilities As HR Consultant your main function will be to contribute to the commercial operations of all people matters, balancing the people practices that reflect the values of the business with the commercial solutions required to meet the needs of the business. This includes effective input into people process such as performance management, pay and performance reviews and succession planning. Job/ Project Accountabilities Work in partnership with designated business line leaders and their management teams to understand fully their key business drivers and the risks and opportunities from a people perspective, including active engagement in business planning. Identify the people capabilities required to execute business plans, and support the development of effective workforce planning and talent management to achieve implementation, in collaboration with HR specialists. Work with designated business line leaders to challenge the status quo in terms of organisation design and development, identifying opportunities to add further value through innovative and commercial people solutions. Work with designated directors to ensure effective use of people resources. Coach/mentor managers in the development of appropriate competencies to assist them in fulfilling the people management elements of their roles. Provide HR consultancy to support and lead all people matters for their business area, often acting as an agent of change. Proactively link with Centres of Excellent to develop planning, resourcing and learning strategies to support wider HR strategies and requirements. Champion people initiatives across business areas. Develop commission and support the implementation of new working practices, people management policies and strategies. Identify issues and trends, and explore underlying causes in order to provide or commission effective people management solutions. Proactively manage partnerships with specialist and combined service centre teams. Provide professional support and advice to complex people management cases. Escalate people issues causing concern within business areas to minimise risk. Person Specification Has robust Employee Relations experience within commercially focussed HR departments. Has working knowledge and ideally handson experience of TUPE Experienced representing the HR agenda and Management and Board level. Excellent knowledge of UK employment law and UK policy/process. Track record of influencing the business at senior levels to deliver effective HR solutions. Ability to focus on the important issues when faced with complicated/competing priorities. Demonstrates strong interpersonal skills. Shows a good understanding of commercial requirements. Possesses a flexible approach with a willingness to adapt to (and embrace) change.