Title: Group Treasury Manager
Webindex: 66523128
Company: Barribal Associates
Description: I am currently working with an after market consumer electronics support company, who strategically partner many of the World rsquo;s leading consumer technology businesses. This PLC is poised for substantial growth and development, following the appointment of a new board of directors, who share the vision and passion to drive the organisation into and through its next exciting phase. nbsp;Significant contract wins across Europe and several emerging markets, along with two acquisitions last year, are seeing this organisation develop at a healthy pace. This pattern is set to continue with more organic growth and acquisitions forecast to treble revenue streams and profitability within three years. The Group finance function, based in Huntingdon, is looking to make this new appointment. Reporting to the Group Financial Controller, your remit will include Cash and WC forecasting, Group cash management, Debtors tracking, Global liquidity, FX hedging, Transfer pricing, PLC reporting amp; Covenant compliance amp; reporting. You will need sound commercial judgement on cash issues for the group as a whole and be able to effectively build strong working relationships with the operational businesses. You will be based in Huntingdon, but some travel will be required to London and other company sites. If you would prefer to be London based, this is can be arranged, but you will need to be in Huntingdon at least two days a week. You will take an autonomous approach to your position and have endless personal development opportunities in such a high growth environment. Regular visibility by the senior management team and the opportunity to actually make a tangible impact on the business sees this position stand out from the crowd in terms of career progression, development and personal satisfaction. You will be fully qualified and have a sound track record of accomplishment within a Treasury operation, ideally with an international organisation which has given you multi national and multi currency exposure. More than anything, you will have a tireless desire and drive to challenge yourself and look for progressional opportunity within your career. nbsp;