Title: Business Systems Analyst – Finance – ERP Implementation
Webindex: 69597796
Company: DCV Technologies Limited
Description: Business Systems Analyst – Finance – ERP Implementation Are you a qualified accountant with solid experience of implementing ERP Systems , Implementing Change across international organisations? If you have this experience we have an exciting opportunity based in either Thame or Oxford with a prestigious international organisation. The role comes with a very attractive salary, relocation and benefits package . Experience Knowledge Skills Functional Competencies  Extensive knowledge of finance processes and group reporting within discrete International manufacturing  ideal  Skilled user of finance applications including a major ERP system. (SAP, ORACLE, Dynamics, PeopleSoft – any experience in one of the listed ERP systems)  Designed new finance and reporting processes. Obtained agreement to implement new processes along with service levels and kpi's.  Worked with suppliers to implement new solutions to meet business objectives and service levels.  Managing large volumes of data and creating business information from that data  Advanced Microsoft Excel user  Software development using Microsoft tools such as Access and reporting tools.  Worked on all phases of a project lifecycle from concept, analysis, design, implementation and support Job Purpose To analyse finance business requirements across the company, recommend appropriate solutions and work within project teams to implement approved software, processes and procedures. To be a member of the project team implementing ERP systems across the business in the Middle East, UK and India. Ensure the system meets the service levels required by the individual company and Group finance departments. Continue to develop the ERP systems implementing new or enhanced modules. Key Accountabilities: Work with all finance departments, each company and Group, in all locations to enhance business processes, data flows and management information. The first major project will be implementing an integrated standardised Microsoft Dynamics AX solution meeting business requirements across the company. The job holder will analyse business needs, identify solutions, prepare realistic plans, work with consultancies to develop solutions, test, implement, document, troubleshoot and provide support to finance departments and the wider business. The work will involve significant time supporting preparation, training and go live in each location and providing on going support to all locations post go live. The job holder will work closely with IT staff to integrate solutions and build interfaces to other systems. Typically work on several modules of the system at the same time. This will involve conceptual thinking, planning, organising internal and external staff, leading meetings, documenting requirements and an ability to link information from different parts of the system thus ensuring that implications of any change are well understood. Implementing solutions in different areas of the business and different countries will require a range of interpersonal skills including confidence, persuasion, guidance and an ability to train people of all levels. Maintain good communications with all interested parties. Maintain an up to date knowledge of finance systems existing and emerging. Provide new or enhanced reports to support management and finance teams as appropriate. Participate in the development of finance departmental strategies and provide systems expertise for finance teams. There is no direct financial responsibility but the role impacts on client satisfaction, repeat business and promoting the corporate image globally. Dimensions: The post holder is based in Thame / Oxford and will spend a significant amount of time in each of the locations working in project teams implementing AX and future projects. Regular communications will be required with all the locations via video conference. Secondary Activities / Tasks  To undertake any other duties and responsibilities required to improve the efficiency, quality and service provided.  To travel within the UK and Internationally as required. Experience Knowledge Skills Behavioural competencies  Excellent communication, training and presentation skills  Worked in teams from different cultural backgrounds and managed change within finance teams.  Contribute regularly in knowledge sharing  Complete assigned tasks on schedule  Problem solving and judgement  Planning and organisation  Resilience and flexibility  Initiative and innovation Other Requirements  Qualified accountant  A degree (or equivalent through This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessSystemsAnalystFinanceERPImplementation_job****