Title: Placement Services Technician /Insurance Administrator
Webindex: 68689969
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: We are looking for a Placement Services Technician /Insurance Administrator to work within our Insurance division at Capita Marsh, based in Norwich. Accountabilities and Main Responsibilities for Job:  Contribute to the achievement of the Insurance divisions service level agreements, key performance indicators and business objectives.  Manage and prioritise own workload to meet deadlines and targets and maintain quality of service to Marsh and its clients.  Build and maintain strong working relationships, including effective communication, with olleagues, clients, insurers and third parties.  Proactively handle tasks in line with specific client requirements, departmental procedures and scope of role / limits of authority.  Undertake research and investigation to resolve issues and achieve the best possible outcome for Marsh and its clients.  Produce and deliver information and documentation in line with requirements of Marsh and its clients.  Act upon payment conditions and deadlines as appropriate.  Build and maintain knowledge and understanding of Marsh and its clients' business.  Adhere to compliance/regulatory requirements, Safety, Health and Environment Policy and Functional procedures and protocols.  Adopt a Treating Customers Fairly approach within all aspects of day to day work.  Take responsibility for own personal development and behaviours, maintaining and improving knowledge and skills.  Provide training, guidance and assistance to colleagues as required.  Contribute to internal and external meetings and projects as required.  Share ideas, knowledge and experience.  Participate in internal and external audits as appropriate.  Obtain agreement from Insurers where required. Desired Experience/Skills:  At least **** GCSE's AC level or equivalent  Workload management skills  Team player  Able to work on own initiative  Excellent Communication skills  Self motivation  Adaptable to change  Strong IT skills  Numeracy skills Personal Attributes:  Proactive individual  Enthusiastic to learn  Strong attention to detail Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PlacementServicesTechnicianInsuranceAdministrator_job****