Title: Financial Accountant  (dept head in **** mths)  Top FTSE Co
Webindex: 69799807
Company: IDPP
Description: Financial Accountant  (dept head in 12 months)  Top FTSE Co An opportunity to join this immensely successful company has arisen, based at their HQ in Berkshire. When you join you will initially be responsible for one or two members of the team, but it is anticipated that in c 12 months the role will manage a team of 1012, and your wage will rise to reflect this. The main purpose of the role is to prepare the financial balance sheet reconciliations and other statutory and audit schedules for a number of European and Middle East Entities. The primary focus of the role will be to ensure timely preparation and submission of the monthly and quarterly financial reporting requirements of the US parent, in accordance with US GAAP and local country GAAP. The scope of the role is broad and includes providing services to multiple management reporting divisions with companies located throughout the EMEA region. (ie UK, Austria, United Arab Emirates, France, Germany, Hungary Ireland, Italy and Africa.) Your duties will be numerous, of them the main ones are: Preparing and planning for annual financial audits and monitoring the progress of the external auditors. Proactive contribution to the success of the audit within tight deadlines. Improvement of the process, engaging internal and external stakeholders. Preparing the statutory financial statements for review by senior management and auditors, with knowledge of US and local accounting GAAP. Preparation and active management of Monthly Balance Sheet Reconciliations Producing monthly, quarterly and year end financial reports in line with US Parent requirements and deadlines and local statutory requirements. Preparation of Intercompany balance sheet reconciliations and fixed assets. Treasury  preparation of bank account reconciliations. Cashflow monitoring and preparation. Foreign currency hedging, forecasts and monitoring Preparation of VAT Returns, Intrastats, EC sales lists and other sales statutory reporting across a number of EMEA entities Liaising with external accounting advisors and managing the relationships, reviewing information/data received and providing feedback. Providing support and assistance to the Line Manager and the wider team Who are you/What will you bring? 5 years post qualification experience in financial accounting. Ideally this experience will encompass practice followed by at least two years in Industry USGAAP to local country GAAP reconciliation  EMEA. Proven experience of managing and leading statutory audits in the UK and elsewhere. Accounting Experience in an audit or accounting practice Strong balance sheet handson reconciliation experience. Demonstrates comprehensive knowledge of what a balance sheet reconciliation should convey and the risks and impact on the statutory accounts. Financial Reporting of Management accounts EMEA VAT Reporting Fixed Asset reporting and control within EMEA Strong experience with multicurrency and international accounting Ability and desire to lead self and others in a previous management role (Ideal) In return you will be joining a company with a long and distinguished history, an assured future, and one that offers outstanding career paths. This is an urgent role, so don't delay send your CV with a covering letter outlining your relevant experience as soon as possible.