Title: Group Risk Team Manager
Webindex: 71429787
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: A recognised leader in the Global Insurance market are currently recruiting for an experienced Group Risk Team Manager to join the business on a permanent basis. Managing a team of 1015 Administrator covering the company's Group Risk products (Critical Illness cover, Income Protection and Life Assurance), your main responsibilities will be to lead, manage and motivate the team to ensure that that they provide excellent, consistent service to new and existing customers and Intermediaries. In addition, you will be responsible for:  Training, mentoring and developing other members of the administration team in order to improve their skill level  Designing and implementing new processes and systems to ensure a consistent and good level of service that means customers expectations are met, in line with various SLA's and the company's TCF policy  Ensuring that all customer data is dealt with appropriately in accordance with legislation, in particular the Data Protection Act (****)  Monitoring the productivity and work load of the team  Regularly promoting the service of the team and the business as a whole, and resolving any escalating queries and complaints that arise. To be successful in this role, you will need to have experience of managing a team of Administrators, working in a busy, vibrant office within the Group Risk (or broader Employee Benefits) industry. You should be a good motivator and team player, with the ability to resolve complaints and conflicts regularly and with minimum disruption, and should be able to show a commitment to delivering a constant highlevel of customer service to the company's customers. Experience of Group Risk products (particularly Income Protection and Critical Ilness schemes) is also essential, and you will need to demonstrate an ability to build strong working relationships both internally and externally. In return, this role offers a competitive salary, 25 days holiday, company Pension and Health Insurance schemes and a discretionary bonus, as well as the opportunity to develop a career with a marketleading organisation. PTM1301293 Group Risk Team Manager is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GroupRiskTeamManager_job****