Title: Assistant Compliance Manager up to ****k
Webindex: 72396514
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: A firm of Independent Financial Advisers specialising in Pension Consultancy, SIPP and SSAS, Investment and IHT planning are now seeking an experienced Assistant Compliance Manager to join their strong established Leicester team. The role will involve participation in both ongoing projects and tasks in support of the Compliance Manager however some tasks will be the responsibility of the Compliance Manager but you will be trained in these areas, to provide appropriate support to cover/deputise when required. The main tasks and areas of responsibility will include; reviewing compliance procedures, improving the advice process, ensure that the company comply with legislation relating to the prevention of money laundering, financial crime and fraud, provide assistance to senior management to ensure the company comply with other FSA and European legislation including; client money, complaints, data protection, financial reports, professional indemnity, T C and TCF. You will also carry out compliance reporting and gathering information, compliance monitoring of advisors and dealing with RDR. Typists will prepare dictated letters and reports, as well as copy typing. Hours of work are 9.00am  5.00pm Monday to Friday with an hour for lunch. The role is office based and the salary range is between **** to **** and a benefits package which will also include free onsite parking. It is essential for all prospective candidates applying for this Assistant Compliance Manager vacancy to hold (or be close to attaining) a QCA level 4 qualification or are able to demonstrate relevant experience equivalent to level 4. It is also essential to have a wealth of experience working within Financial Services specifically working within a Senior Compliance Role, with experience of dealing with the FSA. It will be desirable to have knowledge of SIPPs and SSASs. You must be organised, methodical, trustworthy, and discreet, be able to work to deadlines and be able to prioritise.