Title: Financial Engineer
Webindex: 69537392
Company: Foremost Recruitment Limited t/a Pathway Personnel
Description: My client is one of the world s leading providers of enterprise risk solutions for financial organisations, analytics and advisory services. They currently have an opportunity for a Financial Engineer based in London. The Role The Financial Engineer has a strong focus on financial instrument modelling, scenario based analysis, and standard risk methodologies. Experience and comfort with these techniques is important. Knowledge of the regulatory environment and requirements for banks, insurance and asset management firms (e.g. Solvency II, BASEL, APRA etc.) is a plus. Involvement will be required at all stages of project implementations, from definition through to acceptance testing while working within a multidisciplinary team of integration engineers, project managers and other financial engineers. In order to be considered for this vacancy candidate will need to demonstrate the following skills and experience: Solid understanding of financial economics, financial mathematics, and statistics: Topics of expertise required include derivative pricing, stochastic calculus, interest rate models, optimisation, credit risk models, and regulatory requirements. Strong and proven investigation and problem solving skills. Clients face complex real world challenges and versatility in problem solving across domains is needed. Strong presentation and communication skills; the role requires delivering complex presentations to varied audiences ranging from quantitative experts and technology consultants to senior management of financial institutions. Business level proficiency in other languages is beneficial. Experience in consulting or client services role is a plus. Willingness and ability to travel is highly desirable University degree in the field of Economics, Finance, Mathematics, Statistics or other quantitative discipline. Advanced degree in Financial Engineering or Mathematical Finance highly desirable. CFA, PRMIA or FRM designation(s) beneficial. Related financial industry experience working in a collaborative, teamoriented environment. Understanding of financial economics, financial mathematics, and statistics. : Mastered Practical knowledge of investment markets, financial market conventions, and risk management practices. Previous risk analysis experience highly desirable; Mastered Familiarity and comfort with a technical environment involving Unix, shell and Perl Scripting, Java and C++ language development and Oracle database infrastructure; Mastered