Title: Branch Managers Kent Area
Webindex: 68696195
Company: Nationwide
Description: Introduction Branch Managers Kent area Salary: Basic Salary **** to **** based on branch size/location experience, plus excellent benefits and uncapped bonus potential, On target bonus ******** This vacancy may be entitled to a location allowance. Potential Branch Manager vacancies in the Kent area. Do you measure the success of a retail branch by its sales figures or the number of satisfied customers? As Branch Manager, you'll make sure both are impressive. Use your leadership skills and keen commercial mind to get results and you can expect even more responsibility in the future. A more challenging role Take charge of one of our branches and you take responsibility for everything: leading people, driving sales, hitting targets, meeting FSA standards  and above all else, keeping customers happy. You'll cut an inspirational figure and have the kind of knowledge and experience others can learn from. That means leading by example out in the banking hall, not shut away in your office. Supported by your senior team, you'll make sure your staff are thoroughly trained, able to perform at their best and well prepared to exceed their targets. Monitoring and analysing branch activity to spot business development opportunities, creating and implementing the sales plan  all will be down to you. A more talented person Drive and commercial acumen are essential. As are resilience and a quick mind. You'll be flexible, versatile and able to prioritise effectively to handle everchanging demands. Our success hinges on our people so exceptional management skills are a must. Add expert knowledge of financial regulations, sales process requirements and retail banking products and services, and you'll quickly earn the respect of your team. An employer you're proud of Our mutual status means we're here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it's made us the world's biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We're always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That's why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it's only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we'll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BranchManagersKentArea_job****