Title: Benefits Manager (Claims)
Webindex: 68709314
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: My client, a recognised international market leader in the Financial Services and Insurance sectors, is currently recruiting for an experienced Benefits Manager to provide a proactive management of Income Protection, Life and Critical Illness claims for scheme members. Reporting into the Senior Benefits Manager, this role is responsible for delivering a comprehensive management of Group Risk claims; from application to investigation, and subsequently focussing on accepting or rejecting liability, and authorising payments when appropriate. This role is integral in building established relationships with IFA's, corporate clients and external suppliers to ensure an efficient, effective and competetitive service for all, and there will also be a aspect of training and mentoring junior members of staff and developing processes and systems to ensure a consistent and good level of service that means customers expectations are met in line with TCF policies. The successful applicant to this role will have an in depth knowledge of the Group Protection market, and should be able to provide a great, technical grasp of the Group Risk products that are offered by the client to the market. A good understanding of various medical conditions is important, as is a knowledge of recovery and rehabilitation services provided by external organisations in a range of cases, and candidates will subsequently be required to understand the impact these services have on existing and future Group Risk products and services. FPC qualification is also desirable for this role, as is an extensive exposure to regulatory legislation within the Group Risk market and a proven track record of adhering to TCF principles. Alongside a competitive salary, this role offers a performancerelated bonus, healthcare, good company pension scheme, and the opportunity to work within a marketleading, renowned organisation. PTM1301184 Benefits Manager (Claims) is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BenefitsManagerClaims_job****