Title: Commercial Vehicle Underwriter
Webindex: 69153118
Description: To contribute to the profitable development and maximise the performance of the company's commercial vehicle account by: Recommending changes to underwriting rules and documentation Ensuring that rates and underwriting rules are accurately updated on computer systems, both internally and externally Evaluation of new scheme, affinity and product propositions To ensure that the business written is of the required quality by: Reviewing underwriting rules and documentation and recommending necessary changes. The innovation, development and recommendation of new and enhanced management information to support underwriting decisions and the audit process. Ensuring company's rates and underwriting rules are accurately updated on computer systems, both internally and externally, meeting agreed deadlines. Providing sound technical advice on matters referred for assistance. To maintain comprehensive technical and key account files and ensure that key account underwriting and pricing is documented. To ensure that commercial vehicle policy wordings and the technical content of other documentation, including guides, are updated to meet business needs, are reprinted within set time scales and costs are within budget. To innovate, develop and recommend new underwriting concepts, product covers and documentation, utilising market/legal/competitor analysis when appropriate. To evaluate new scheme, affinity and product propositions in order to identify potential profitability and recommend any necessary underwriting changes. To provide technical training internally and externally, when necessary. To provide underwriting support in the development of IT systems to correctly apply our rating and underwriting rules in a more efficient way. To support the underwriting management by recommending new, enhanced or alterations to pricing. To provide underwriting support on compliance issues. To support the Senior Commercial Vehicle Underwriter and Motor Underwriting Management, as appropriate. Who we re looking for Numerical: Good numerical skills; must be able to spot inconsistencies in data, and be able to identify trends and summarise data concisely. A flair for analysing and interpreting data Verbal: Effective communicator both verbally and in writing, exhibits good questioning and listening skills, able to express findings clearly. Work related: Good problem solving ability. Organised and thorough, demonstrating good attention to detail. The ability to prioritise work to meet deadlines. Able to think laterally and deduce information. Proactive and innovative. A willingness to take responsibility and make recommendations, as appropriate. Relations: Able to work with others, both internally and externally, to influence results. Flexibility to adopt appropriate behaviour given the situation, acts with integrity, openness and honesty, positive and enthusiastic. Essential Competencies: A sound understanding of underwriting principles and experience of a wide range of technical issues, including the construction of policy wordings. An awareness of the market and legal/industry developments. Ability to underwrite proficiently. An understanding of the software house market and the way insurance products are developed on their systems. Qualifications: Educated to 'A' level standard as a minimum. Some progress towards ACII preferred. Previous in depth experience in a mot About our client International Insurance Company What s on offer Up to ****k  benefits