Title: Property Claims Manager
Webindex: 68694569
Company: ACS Recruitment
Description: Our client are an established third party claims administrator who are passionate about meeting the individual needs of their clients through a flexible and forwardthinking workforce. Rapid growth is the reason they are now looking for an experienced and driven Property Claims Manager to join their friendly and professional team in their conveniently located Milton Keynes office. This exciting role will include the line management of a Property Claims Team handling referrals, high profile and complex claims, as well as complaint management and the handling and analysis of various cases. You will be expected to offer advice to the team and investigate root cause analysis, as well as delegating action planning and forecasting future caseloads. Auditing of claims handling teams, insurers and suppliers across Property Insurance product lines will be key within this role, as well as training and coaching teams in relation to policy interpretation, claims handling and compliance. The successful applicant will likely have an established career history across a number of insurance disciplines (property claims essential) and be an expert insurance practitioner with a proven managerial portfolio. They will ideally be an excellent communicator both within and outside the business and show evidence of having been a valued coach and mentor in past roles. The Claims Manager will be highly skilled in meeting compliance targets. Experience auditing insurers and suppliers will also be an advantage. This is a brand new role that will develop in exciting and challenging new directions. Drive and ambition will take you to the next level of your career in this fast moving environment. This role will suit someone who would now like to take their claims management career forward in a diverse and proactive organisation. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PropertyClaimsManager_job****