Title: Paraplanner  Ipswich (FTC Maternity Cover)
Webindex: 69537261
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Paraplanner  Ipswich (FTC Maternity Cover) Salary up to **** plus benefits A very high quality practice that provides wealth and financial planning to private and corporate clients and offer a service based around quality are looking to appoint a Paraplanner on a FTC for 12 months. They carry an image and reputation around professionalism and trust with the clients which is paramount. The firm who have been around for over 30 years have generated the clients purely via referrals. As part of an on going plan to deliver out standing client service they have a vacancy for an experienced Paraplanner to join the Client Services Team. Take responsibility for a portfolio of clients, managing on going relationships and all enquiries Produce clear, technically accurate, compliant and concise reports for clients High level financial plans and detailed suitability reports based on their entire financial position Regular investment review reports and family balance sheet summaries of assets and liabilities Prepare all information and reports for client meetings Work with administration team as required to obtain illustrations and process new business Keep up to date with technical and professional development Assist in the continual cycle of improving the advice and review process The individual they are looking to appoint must have experience of dealing with private clients, ideally Level 4 / Diploma level but this isn t essential. You will be familiar with a range of financial planning techniques including report writing, recommendations and research as this will be a large part of the role. Personal attributes are important, you will be able to converse with clients with comfort and be a team player, technically advanced you will have a real desire to learn, improve and strive for perfection. A basic salary is on offer between ****  **** plus a 3% pension and discretionary bonus, this role is a 12 months FTC Maternity Cover. Please contact Sunny Everton on (Apply online only) in the first instance or apply online. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful