Title: Personal Injury Litigation Claims Team Leader
Webindex: 68994352
Company: Coast Specialist Recruitment
Description: very exciting opportunity has arisen with an established Insurance broker who are very well known within the Insurance Industry. They are currently looking for an experienced Team Leader to join there Personal Injury Litigation department. Role and Duties Responsible for the management and day to day operation of a specialist claim team. To ensure that the operation is contributing to Company business plans, and responsible for the provision of quality and appropriate Management Information. Plan, organise and control the team, including the staffing requirements to achieve the highest levels of effectiveness and service within budget whilst maintaining quality standards. Developing and coaching the team, identifying and implementing staff training needs to improve team competency and performance, motivating and promoting positive attitudes. Responsible for ensuring review/monitoring of team throughout to maintain and update accurate reserves to meet the Company s liabilities. To ensure that diaries, manual and computer records are accurate and that the file reserving has been maintained correctly Absence management e.g. return to work interviews, holiday allocation Promote a culture of communication and staff involvement and instil into everyday activity. Conduct and attend meetings as required, individual interviews and employee assessments in accordance with Group practice/ Maintain office standards and discipline, implementing disciplinary procedure when required in accordance with Group policy Responsible for allocation of work to team, according to experience and developmental needs of individuals, to meet business standards and requirements. Ensure review/monitoring of team throughput to meet key performance targets for the specialist area and taking appropriate action to support and encourage team to exceed their individual and team KPI s. Produce reports and statistics for wider publication. Review and analyse audit reports ensuring that claims are handled in accordance with the Claims Handling Manual to achieve validation and where appropriate referrals to Underwriters, in accordance with levels of expertise/authority/responsibility of departmental staff. Feedback and incorporate learning into the teams KPI s Undertake and responsible for own caseload of allocated specialist activities in accordance with the Claims Handling Manual. Acting as a referral point on large/complex cases and authorising payments and referrals where required