Title: Underwriter
Webindex: 67779540
Company: Lawes Insurance Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Underwriter Location: Croydon We seek an Underwriter for a highly desirable client of ours based in Croydon where the volume of business is rising rapidly and career opportunities are excellent. Responsibilities: Assist and support the Underwriting Manager with the profitable underwriting of new and existing commercial business within delegated authority levels. To adequately price and classify risks in accordance with the Underwriting Guidelines and rating considerations. To oversee all administrative duties required in connection to the above which includes but is not limited to, processing and administering policy documentation, initiating and monitoring surveys, midterm adjustments, renewal review and negotiation, and claims monitoring. To motivate and supervise the performance and activities of subordinates. To develop strong relationships with underwriters, key supporting brokers and customers. Ensure that standards of service to customers and prospects are in accordance with the Company s Mission Statement and regulatory rules and guidelines. Requirements: At least 5 years experience in Underwriting Commercial Business. Good knowledge of Property, Business Interruption, Liability and Motor Trade classes. Competent on Word, Excel and Microsoft Outlook programs. Good level of numeracy and spelling. Competent business letterwriting skills. Level or GSCE passes at English Language and Mathematics. Achieve Underwriting test level of competency. Cert CII. Salary: **** If you have the relevant experience please do not hesitate to contact us now on **** **** **** or email us at londonlawesrecruit.co.uk. Please Note: Due to the sheer volume of applications we receive, we will only contact successful applications. Therefore if you have not heard from us within **** working days please deem your application as unsuccessful. Don t miss out on new opportunities, visit our website www.lawesrecruitment.co.uk