Title: Lending Manager
Webindex: 72689147
Company: Nationwide
Description: Introduction An opportunity has arisen for a Lending Manager in Specialised Support working on the Nationwide Commercial Property Loan Book within the Commercial Debt Restructure Workout Team based in Manchester The Commercial Debt Restructure Workout Team is responsible for all commercial loans that are in distress and require a restructure or workout solution that stabilises the loan and secures the Society income that reflects the overall risk of the restructure. A more challenging role The Debt Restructure Northern Team is based in Manchester and looks at a wide range of loan exposures and in some cases will be managing recovery cases where a restructure or workout has failed. The borrowers and properties are located throughout the UK and the willingness to travel is a requirement of the role. A more talented person A successful candidate will need to have excellent written and verbal communication skills, a good understanding of loan documentation, credit experience in Commercial Property Lending, strong negotiation skills, be able to analyse a wide variety of data effectively, have a pragmatic can do attitude and the ability to deliver within tight timescales. The key responsibilities of this role include:  Evaluation and assessment of distressed commercial property debt through credit analysis, borrower discussions, effective interaction with internal/external support and financial modelling to provide dynamic solutions and drive the restructure to conclusion.  Lead and manage a number of debt restructures of varying complexity, and provide support to the Senior Lending Manager  Undertake complex negotiations with the borrower to ensure the Societies requirements in respect of Asset Divestment and Loss Mitigation are achieved.  Report effectively and in a timely manner to internal and external stakeholders and manage a small support team.  Ensure priorities are managed so that key objectives are achieved on time.  Excellent interpersonal skills evidencing a track record of building internal and external business stakeholder relationships. In addition to being self motivated with a willingness to develop, the following attributes are desirable:  A sound understanding of the commercial property market.  A working knowledge of Commercial Division lending policies.  Be able to demonstrate experience in preparing credit reports and making suitable recommendations.  Ability to understand Financial Models, Cash flow and Profit and Loss.  A willingness to interpret and question complex data, technical due diligence and relate adviser due diligence reports back to documentation.  Experience in standard loan documentation.  Excellent Negotiation Skills.  An ability to work under pressure in order to meet tight deadlines.  Contributing to team project activities to review market dynamics, improve operational systems, develop business plans, and other initiatives to drive the business forward. The successful candidate will need to demonstrate a highly motivated and flexible can do approach with a commitment to delivering fantastic customer service at all times. This is an exciting position offering the successful candidate the opportunity to join an enthusiastic and friendly team in an evolving, vibrant environment with excellent personal development opportunities. We are looking for applicants who are team players with a positive can do attitude and a commitment to achieving business results. An employer you re proud of Our mutual status means we re here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it s made us the world s biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We re always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That s why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it s only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we ll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus