Title: Financial Planner  Buckinghamshire
Webindex: 69801748
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Financial Planner  Buckinghamshire Salary up to **** plus benefits and bonus A Chartered Accountancy practice who offer an independent financial planning service to private and corporate clients are looking to appoint a Level 4 qualified Financial Planner to the advisory team. The Financial Planner will have access to a large bank of new and existing clients which are primarily generated internally from the accountancy practice Partners and other professional connections. The firm operate a cash flow forecasting / lifetime financial planning model which helps clients plan for the long term future, which in turn requires an Adviser who is capable of forging strong relationships. Charge structures are agreed with clients after a fee initial meeting which usually take place in the offices or on site, the key focus for the firm is to provide clients with true independent financial advice. Administrative, compliance and paraplanning support are offered to the Advisory team, with reviews and client liaison being managed by the back office the Adviser will have time to spend with clients and grow the firms FUM. Candidates must be Level 4, Diploma qualified or equivalent with a track record of producing high quality business for either private or corporate clients, with the ability to forge relationships at any level the Adviser must be technically able to assist wealthy clients with the long term financial goals. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialPlannerBuckinghamshire_job****