Title: Linux Engineer
Webindex: 69592480
Company: Capital One
Description: Summary: The Solutions Engineer (SE), reports to the Lead Solutions Engineer. The SE role encompasses technical analysis, design and engineering delivery activities. This person will be a recognised technical expert in at least one technology in the tower, with good understanding and relationships to cover all the other towers. Towers are currently Linux/HPUX/Storage (including backup)/Monitoring and Oracle. The SE should be able to converse confidently with others in the use of a particular technology – including those from different technical disciplines and be able to communicate at all levels. Key responsibilities of this role; The SE will review the business requirements from the customer to ensure technical requirements are defined, both functional and nonfunctional. This and an approved architecture will be used to produce technical designs and estimates for the Engineering effort required to deliver this project. The SE will work closely with Delivery Leads (DL  Technical Project Manager) to deliver Work Breakdown Structures to enable the DL to plan accordingly. The SE will be an Engineering resource in the technical delivery / implementation of projects, working to approved designs inline with Architecture. The SE may be required to perform the Technical Lead on initiatives or work closely with the person assigned to this role to ensure the Solution is fit for handover to production support. As a performer on delivery, the SE will communicate technical risks and issues to the Delivery Lead/Manager as well as when key milestones have been completed. They will play a key role in planning/defining milestones for delivery of the solution. The SE is also responsible for ensuring consistent design/build quality for their technology area, by producing standards documentation and will participate in Integrated Design Review, developing the parts call out list to implement the solution and ensuring the solution is implemented to meet initiative needs. Essential experience; Extensive experience of designing/configuring Linux and UNIX Solutions. Relevant technical experience in;  Redhat Linux  HPUX  EMC / Cisco SAN storage devices  VmWare and Virtulisation Technologies (HP IVM)  Linux and UNIX Clustering Preferred Experience; Experience of the following Areas  Cisco UCS  EMC VMAX  EMC Data Domain  EMC Celerra  EMC Centera  TCP/IP  Disaster Recovery Techniques  Tivoli Storage Manager  HP C Class Hardware.  VmWare (ESX**** **** 5)  Control/M Enterprise Scheduling  Intergration Microsoft Windows  Experience of working in Financial Services and Banking Industries  Exposure to structured or process based delivery methodologies Extensive experience working in an enterprise technology environment at an engineering level. Benefits  Salary up to ****  Competitive Bonus  25 days holiday  Life Assurance  Non contributory Pension  Associate stock purchase plan  Private medical insurance  Buy and sell holiday  Child care vouchers  On site gym and health facility  Travel subsidies This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LinuxEngineer_job****