Title: Management Accountant Music Live Events / Entertainment  ****K
Webindex: 69217172
Company: Sauce Recruitment Ltd
Description: A very well known, dynamic Music and Entertainment brand based in London are recruiting for an experienced Management Accountant, with 23 years previous experience at a similar level, or looking to step up from Assistant Management Accountant. The position of Events Management Accountant is diverse. It reports directly to the Finance Director and will take ownership for production of Management Accounts, P&L?s, producing weekly forecasts, weekly reporting and analysis for a range of Live Music Events globally. You will also assist in the production of the Statutory Accounts and producing basic financial models. The role offers a level of autonomy so you must be able to cover the range of duties above and be able to hit the ground running, as well as managing relationships with Key Stakeholders within the business. You will also require a significant attention to detail along with excellent analytical skills and have a Pro Active, hard working, can do attitude. Key Skills Required: ? Strong management accounts experience (Ownership of P&L?s and Balance Sheet) ? Expert analytical skills ? Strong MS Excel experience pivot tables and vlookup ? Excellent communication skills  both verbal and written especially in order to communicate effectively at all levels within the organisation. ? Experience with Great Plains would be advantageous ? The successful candidate will be flexible, willing to work appropriate additional hours to meet the needs of the business. ? Enthusiastic and selfmotivated individual with the ability to work on own initiative with the ability to organise and prioritise their work ? Part  Qualified CIMA or ACCA ? Previous experience within Music / Live Events or Entertainment will be highly preferable In return the client is offering a salary ofup to **** depending on your previous experience. A study package may also be considered later on following a qualification period. Due to the high volume of applications received, regrettably only successful candidates will be contacted. Sauce Recruitment  A specialist in finance recruitment for Media, Entertainment, Fashion & Retail brands.