Title: Servicing Account Executive  Home Based Scotland
Webindex: 68996818
Company: Reed Insurance
Description: This highly successful Commercial Insurance Brokers are looking to expand on their existing success within the Insurance marketplace by recruiting an additional Account Executive to both service, and develop, a book of business within Scotland. This will be a home based role covering the entire country meeting with clients face to face and servicing their commercial insurance needs. This is an extremely rare opportunity to inherit a book of clients and work with one of the most successful Insurance brokers in the UK. Please note, you must have commercial insurance experience from either a broking or underwriting background to be considered for this role. The successful individual will also have previous experience of creating and retaining strong relationships within a technical commercial Insurance environment. Responsibilities will also be to: Deal with new business and renewals in the Company s market, referring to senior colleagues, experts or insurers when issues fall outside own experience and knowledge Supervise or carry out the arrangement of insurance for clients Deal with telephone enquiries promptly referring the query to the appropriate person when the enquiry falls outside own knowledge and experience Gather intelligence for the purpose of obtaining new clients. To research such clients and approach them. To follow up the approach and investigate their existing cover. Prepare and present a report which will satisfy their insurance needs. Maintain effective credit control in respect of allocated clients Liaise with Claims Handlers when appropriate Deal with any telephone enquiries for new or existing business, exercising own judgement, based upon knowledge and experience, as to when to refer to senior colleagues Knowledge Required Knowledge and understanding of the commercial Insurance market FSA rules and guidelines relating to commercial customers Knowledge and understanding of all company specific procedures Willingness to continue to develop knowledge of Underwriting and related issues through formal and informal learning, both internal to the firm, and externally. Skills Required Previous success developing new commercial business Prioritise and organise own workload to ensure that deadlines are met Develop and sustain relationships with both internal and external customers Ability to construct effective written communications, including letters and reports A very competitive salary and bonus package will be available to the successful candidate. If you are interested in applying for this role, please send your CV or call **** for more information. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business