Title: Executive PA
Webindex: 67640176
Company: Quay People
Description: Senior PA looking for her own ship to steer. Mature and professional with a no nonsense approach yet the ability to look after staff and the various issues that will entail. The role would initially start in April and involves a myriad of tasks as found in a company of **** with **** international offices, Paris, Singapore Office management, being all noninsurance and nonIT aspects of an office of **** staff Personnel administration, including file keeping and handling staff queries Occasional secretarial requirements of the Chairman and MD One subordinate, being the receptionist/record keeper Main activities: Office management activities include the procurement of all nonIT office supplies, liaison with building services staff, the conduct of fire drills, and the preparation of H Personnel administration activities include maintaining personnel files and absence records, and handling the administrative aspects of the company s group personal pension plan, and its healthcare and travel insurance schemes Secretarial activities comprise occasional copy and audio work, and making travel bookings Supervision of the company s receptionist is a primary responsibility, as is overseeing four team secretaries By its nature the role will attract numerous ad hoc tasks. These include planning and implementing office moves, and the organisation of occasional hospitality events. Candidate profile: The successful candidate will have proven secretarial and organisational skills, together with a track record of success in a similar role reporting at director level. Familiarity with the insurance broking sector is not required but experience in a Citybased financial services environment is essential. Responsible for personnel administration the successful candidate will be a mature individual capable of commanding the confidence of employees at all levels. Specialist HR knowledge is not required, though it would be a distinct advantage. Selfreliant and resourceful, the successful candidate will be capable of carrying significant operational responsibilities. The ability to negotiate with suppliers is essential, together with a willingness to challenge underperformance when appropriate. Secretarial skills will include competence with Excel as well as MS Word, and the ability to operate confidently with diverse information and knowledge management systems. Extremely nice company to work for. Although the role would not officially start until April, there may be a substantial handover period. The previous EA is returing after 15 years