Title: Admin Manager  Insurance
Webindex: 71675942
Company: PEARSON WHIFFIN RECRUITMENT LTD
Description: We are currently recruiting for a successful Insurance organisation that are seeking to recruit an experienced Admin Manager to join their business. Duties will include: Carry out staff appraisals and manage performance through regular QC activity, identifying training needs where they exist. Ensure that system generated workloads are actioned daily in accordance with department objectives and deadlines. Provide administrative support to the FSP/SAS claims operation. This will include but is not limited to retrieving documents from archiving, printing files ready for audits or referrals and requesting account details from clients. Ensure all incoming post is indexed accurately to the appropriate claim in a timely manner in accordance with departmental procedures and standards. Register new claims efficiently and accurately on the day claim forms are received, in accordance with service level agreements. Manage letters that are printed to ensure they are collated and passed to the appropriate area/person. Ensure that the Data Protection Act and Access to Medical Reports Act are adhered to at all times. Take ownership of any issues that may arise, notifying senior management of the issue and the steps being taken to resolve it and escalating it to other areas if appropriate. Review existing processes regularly to ensure they remain appropriate and fit for purpose. Skills/Experience required: Team leadership/supervisory experience  Essential Insurance / claims processing background is a distinct advantage otherwise other Financial Services Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to communicate clearly and effectively with colleagues  written and verbal Excellent organisational skills Ability to proactively identify improvements in working practices Ability to work to deadlines Positive attitude to change Apply now for this exciting opportunity This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AdminManagerInsurance_job****