Title: Management Accountant (Fixed Term Contract)
Webindex: 70676731
Company: Chartis Europe Limited to AIG Europe Limited
Description: AIG Global Real Estate, a subsidiary of American International Group (AIG), invests in and actively manages real estate around the world for unaffiliated investors and AIG member companies. The European Headquarters of AIGGRE are based in London and are responsible for providing investment and administrative services to AIGGRE sponsored real estate funds in Europe. This **** month Fixed Term Contract position will be based in AIG Global Real Estates office in the Green Park area of London working on management reporting for various internal user groups. Prior international business experience is helpful. Person needs to be creative, technical and proactive with identifying issues, best practices and standards. The successful candidate must have excellent communication skills, in order to be responsive to management and successfully interact with joint venture partners, investments and global offices. FUNCTIONS/RESPONSIBILITY Coordination and preparation of monthly accounts for management companies;  Review of underlying accounting information prepared by accounts clerks including accounts payable transactions, payment runs, general ledger reconciliations , cashbooks and intercompany accounts recharges.  Preparation of monthly management accounts for Europe, Russia and Dubai office.  Preparation of quarterly variance analysis, comparing actual to prior periods and to budget, GRE Europe Board Book.  Prepare quarterly VAT return, funding request, balance sheet reconciliations and quarter end reports for AIGGREIC New York.  Assistance with and review and compilation of the annual budgets.  Finalise 2012 annual statutory accounts and tax compliance. Coordination of European corporate reporting for New York Head Office;  Coordinate with Fund Controllers and Finance Managers to obtain all relevant information to fully complete New York reporting requirements and review of data to ensure accurate and reasonable.  Monitor of reporting timetable to ensure all data submitted on a timely basis Coordination and liaison with the local auditors PwC and tax compliance, KPMG. EXPERIENCE NEEDED  Experience in corporate accounting  Prior experience in corporate reporting  Demonstrated experience with the review and analysis of data.  Must be comfortable working under pressure with various projects and deadlines, while reporting to multiple people. There will be significant interaction with the AIG Global Real Estate New York head office and with AIG staff in local offices.  Strong corporate accounting and reporting experience  Prior experience in organising, summarising and analysing data and reporting the information to various constituents.  Working knowledge of SAP a definite advantage. SKILLS/EDUCATION  University graduate  Excellent verbal and written communication skills. There will be heavy interaction with many parties in different cultures. The ability to communicate effectively is important.  Strong computer skills. Must be proficient with excel.  ACA / ACCA qualified (or equivalent)  Capable of working independently, detail oriented, strong organizational skills, flexibility and ability to identify and resolve issues.  Ability to manage regional staffAbout AIG American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading international insurance organization serving customers in more than 130 countries and jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional, and individual customers through one of the most extensive worldwide propertycasualty networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG companies are leading providers of life insurance and retirement services in the United States. AIG Property Casualty is a global market leader, one of the few truly global property casualty franchises. AIG Life and Retirement is one of the largest life insurance organizations in the U.S., and provides protection, investment and income solutions needed for financial and retirement security. United Guaranty Corporation is the marketplace leader in mortgage insurance in the U.S. Additional information about AIG can be found at URL removed | YouTube: URL removed | Twitter: AIG_LatestNews | LinkedIn: URL removed