Title: Cryptographic Technology Advisor
Webindex: 71185444
Company: The Co operative Banking Group
Description: As a Cryptographic Technology Advisor, Grow your career in a unique organisation that is growing too To deliver effective cryptographic management to generate, distribute, store, renew, recover and delete cryptographic keys and digital certificates To implement and maintain the operational functionality of the underlying cryptographic infrastructure to required standards Be a product specialist in specific areas of cryptographic management Strong culture of teamwork, mutual respect and social responsibility. When you join The Cooperative Banking Group as a Cryptographic Technology Advisor, you will be responsible for centrally managing cryptographic keys and digital certificates for the Cooperative Banking Group and to deliver a standard, effective and efficient method of cryptographic key and digital certificate management. You will keep up to date with relevant specialist areas, develop expertise to provide more effective services, and supply technical leadership to other areas as required. In addition, you will investigate and resolve complex and critical security issues and produce recommendations to influence change. To do this successfully you will need to have the following skills and experience: Essential: Significant experience in IT security and within a cryptographic operational environment. Detailed knowledge and experience of some of the following: Symmetric and Asymmetric Cryptography Digital signatures PKI Concepts Digital certificate management Hardware Security Modules (Thales, Safenet) Payment schemes (Chaps, Swift, Faster payments, Link, Bacs etc.) Key management ceremonies Experience in maintaining cryptographic infrastructure including building and configuring devices, patch management and incident resolution. Desirable: Previous experience in financial services industry. CISSP accreditation or other relevant security qualification. A broad knowledge and experience of information security/IT security and specialist knowledge of cryptographic architectures, technologies and standards. Working knowledge of Entrust product family. Experience with PKCS11, MSCAPI, CNG, JCE, JCA. If you feel you have this experience and you're keen to join our team, this role will offer you a great opportunity to develop your skills and gain valuable experience. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CryptographicTechnologyAdvisor_job****