Title: Top 20 Audit Senior – Film TV
Webindex: 69742295
Company: BV Recruitment
Description: Are you an ACA qualified Audit Senior who is looking to upgrade to a top 20 firm where you can work on large and well known film and TV clients? Would you like to work in a varied role, split between audit, accounts and ad hoc projects? If so the hugely popular film amp; TV department of this Top 20 practice is looking to recruit a recently qualified ACA Audit Senior into its growing department. Your role will include more ldquo;standard rdquo; audit and accounts work as well as preparation and audit of British film certifications, production cost reports and funding applications and reports as well as the preparation of production expenditure analyses, business plans and financial models and valuations for film titles, film libraries, income streams and other intellectual property. When you are not working on film and TV clients you will work on other industries, so you will still stay in touch with other sectors including property, media, technology and financial services. Your role will be varied, challenging and hugely enjoyable. To be considered for this new (January 2013) and rare opportunity you must be a qualified ACA who is currently operating at audit senior level and working for a good quality practice firm. You must have an excellent academic record (including a 2i degree) and mainly first time passes in your ACA exams. It would be an advantage if you had some experience of film and TV clients but if not training will be provided. You must also have experience leading audits, supervising teams and working directly with partners. This good quality Top 20 firm is experiencing a high degree of growth meaning there will be plenty of opportunities for you to work on new clients, learn about a new industry and be promoted to managerial level in the future. You will be based in the Film amp; TV department and your role will be around 80% audit with 20% spent on tax and advisory projects. This role is the perfect opportunity for a qualified ACA to join a leading top 20 firm, gain some exposure to some very high profile film and TV clients and have genuine opportunities to progress to a higher level. You will also work in a friendly and supportive office, and build many new contacts which you can utilise in your future career.