Title: GFR Finance Manager
Webindex: 66478470
Company: B Q
Description: Please note this is a **** month fixed term contract Role Purpose The GFR Finance Manager has responsibility for a number of key processing functions which are responsible for managing the payment of both domestic and import stock and for the timely invoicing and recovery of rebate income. Driving change to delivery control and process efficiencies as well as ensuring that business change initiatives are effectively integrated into the team are key aspects of the role. The role is also responsible for providing accurate financial reporting and budgets. Role Objectives  To lead a team of 4 direct reports, and an indirect team of c. **** to ensure that we:  Set clear direction for team, through short term objective setting, effective performance management and business plans to improve departmental performance and effectiveness  Ensure all members of the team are appropriately trained and are fully aware of the financial policies and procedures and that they adhere to the key controls in operation.  Ensure appropriate processes are in place to ensure the talent pool is managed effectively working to ensure that strong candidates are recruited when vacancies arise and that succession planning is considered.  Manage team communications to drive engagement within the team.  Identify and monitor performance against KPI's measuring both the teams performance and assessing the impact of those areas of the business which impact the effectiveness of the team. Identify activity to drive improvements in these measures.  Ensure any change to processes are implemented with appropriate robustness either those arising as a result of a change to a business processes or those identified by the team. Update procedural documentation, KPI measures and training documentation as appropriate.  Engage the business and Finance Business partners to ensure that they understand the Finance key processes, specifically any constraints, and that they understand the impact of any noncompliance to process in areas that are relevant to them.  Specifically accountable for the overall performance and results of:   Supplier Contributions  ensure invoicing takes place on a timely basis is accurate and that the balances are recovered to agreed terms. Work with external audit to ensure any areas of noncompliance to process or complexity in the deals are identified and raised with the appropriate Finance Business partner. Improve the year end reconciliation process to ensure all rebates due are invoiced.   Imports  ensure the processes to approve invoices for payment are robustly executed and that import margin is accounted for correctly. Ensure the foreign currency requirements are forecast accurately and adhere to the Hedging policy.   Cashflow management, ensure that payments to suppliers are made in line with payment terms, create accurate forecasts for working capital both on a shortterm and long term basis understanding any variances to the forecast. Identify any opportunities to improve working capital   Supplier accounts vendor and store management, to ensure vendors are paid in full and on time for valid deliveries. Drive improvements to the process to drive efficiency and control. Knowledge/Skills/Experience Required Essential Skills  Strong financial accounting background  A creative and resilient approach to problem solving  Highly numeric with excellent analytical skills  Strong Leadership and motivational skills  High commercial awareness  Excellent Interpersonal/communication skills at all levels Knowledge and Experience:  Experience of managing & motivating team to achieve set goals, and proven record in delivering agreed results  Prior experience in a P****P environment, and / or of logistics operations advantageous but not essential Minimum level of education or qualifications: Qualified Accountant with minimum 5 years PQE Other key requirements of the role include:  High levels of personal energy and drive  Ability to challenge the status quo