Title: Senior Manager Group MI amp; Analysis Global Bank
Webindex: 71292861
Company: CMC Consulting Limited
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a high calibre Qualified Accountant to join a leading global Bank. This role will give you frequent exposure to the Group Chief Accounting Officer and Finance Director which as a result will offer the successful candidate excellent career progression globally. The role sits within the Group MI, Planning Analysis Department, this team is responsible for providing the group exec and investor relations a thorough understanding of the issues affecting the banks performance. The department currently has a change agenda underway and they are looking for candidates who have the ability to help drive through this change. Responsibilities will include: Managing the delivery of high level commentary and analysis to the board on the business performance Liaising/partnering with the Business Communication and Investor Relations team Be a driver of change Coaching and developing the team Working on Adhoc projects Improving the global MI that is delivered to the Board Lead on the management of transferring processes to the offshore team The successful candidate will ideally be Qualified Accountant and a strong communicator with good team building and interpersonal skills. You will also have excellent analytical skills and a proactive approach to problem solving. Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website http://www.cmcconsulting.co.uk We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.