Title: Payroll Administrator
Webindex: 62151944
Company: Grow Recruitment
Description: The Payroll Administrator performs a broad range of duties to ensure the accuracy of payroll calculations and data provided to the 3rd party payroll provider. Maintains and provides detailed information to employees as second line support for specific payroll functions not dealt with by 3rd party provider. Completes the templates of benefits in kind to facilitate 3rd party payroll provider producing and distributing P****d to employees. Maintains control templates to enable the reconciliation of final payroll submission from 3rd party payroll provider and sign off final payroll within the defined timetable. Qualifications to assist in this role include: Association of Accounting Technicians (AAT) NVQ Level 3 in Payroll Administration CIPP certificates, Income Tax Perform manual payroll calculations for starters and leavers, including compromise agreements. Validate and sign off the monthly payroll, Revenue monthly Revenue payments, Yearend submissions and P****d returns and payments Responsible for the sign off of processing overtime on a weekly basis from AWFS by Payroll Administrator. Processing of confidential payroll data, salary increases bonuses etc., when requested and populating on the relevant templates for 3rd party payroll provider. Checking weekly reports from HR admin of data processed for Starters, leavers and any other permanent information. Manual payments processed on an ad hoc basis. Liaising with Payroll ADP and HR admin on a weekly basis to resolve any issues or queries. Successful sign off of submission of Tax Year End and P****d s within HMRC timelines. Monthly PAYE s tax bandings to insure hold correct levels for TMC s PSA with submission of reports and payments within HMRC timeline Insuring HR system SAP is kept up to date by running monthly payroll and liaising with the offshore team Pension reports reconciled monthly and submitted to providers plus annual audit Online payslip system maintained and assist employees with queries Dealing with employee 2nd line queries day to day. Completion of forms from various government bodies, CSA, Inland Revenue etc. Processing their Irish Payroll and insure all legislation up to date and adhered to (2 employees only) Support changes in respect to payroll/expense travel privilege changes SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE Selfmotivated and hard working with the ability to prioritise workload to meet deliverables Good numerical and IT skills Good spoken and written communication skills An organised and methodical approach Logical thinking and problemsolving ability A high level of accuracy and attention to detail Good time management for meeting strict deadlines A level of diplomacy and discretion is required within the role. The ability to work well as part of a wider team Honesty and respect for confidential information