Title: Implementation Analyst  Credit Risk
Webindex: 69537304
Company: Santander
Description: As one of the UK s leading financial services Santander offers a comprehensive range of financial products and a high standard of service to 24 million customers. We are part of one of the world s largest banks  Grupo Santander, which means we re stronger than ever and looking to the future with confidence. Implementation Analysts are responsible for ensuring credit policy changes are implemented correctly within the credit decision systems, enabling Santander Retail Risk to manage, monitor and control the risk portfolio. This involves implementing system solutions for the business ensuring the overall design and specifications meet the banks strategic objectives. In addition to the regular business as usual implementations and production support, the team also implements decisioning requirements for strategic projects. This requires liaising and close working with other groups (e.g. Portfolio Management, Scorecard Development, Underwriting, Santander IT, etc.). The team members develop a strong understanding of the banks decision systems, programming software and interfaces. Santander UK The Santander Group has more than 150 years experience in banking and more branches worldwide then any other international bank. At Santander we are committed to serving our customers, helping make the most of there money. In the UK we have over 25million customers, 1.8 million shareholders, more than **** branches and **** cash machines. Our goal? To be the best retail bank in the UK. As an Implementation Analyst your Skills and Qualifications will ideally include: Knowledge of risk or marketing decisioning systems software such as e.g. Triad, Strategyware, Blaze Advisor, Strategy Manager, Chordiant is essential Excellent interpersonal and presentation skills Strong time management skills, in particular a disciplined approach to delivering changes accurately and on time Knowledge of retail banking products (Bank Account, Credit Card, Unsecured and Secured Loans SAS The ability to explain the complex logic to a non technical audience Ability to work under pressure Very strong attention to detailAs an Implementation Analyst, your Responsibilities will ideally include: Supporting, designing and integrating changes to scorecards, policy rules and strategies within the current decision tools Coding or amending decisioning modules from defined specifications Completing unit testing, system testing and user acceptance testing of specific decisioning processes Adhere to the implementation/audit standards Providing technical/business knowledge on the implications of the system changes Owning production issues through to resolution Training junior staffLocation: Milton Keynes Salay: Upon Application