Title: Team Secretary/PA – West End ****pa
Webindex: 68677400
Company: LMA Recruitment
Description: Well reputable and well established boutique investment house based in the West End is looking to hire a Secretary to work alongside two Research Assistants to support a team of 7 Portfolio Managers covering a variety of sectors within European Equities Department.Reporting to the Managing Director, your duties will include: Organising Business Trips  Arranging itineraries  Arranging flights, visas, hotels and transport (working with the travel coordinator)  Booking restaurants and organising entertainment  Ensuring that all parties have been provided with accurate information regarding the business trip and meetings (i.e. profile of attendees, timetables, agendas, restaurant location, etc.) Arranging Business meetings with external parties  Researching and providing information on attendees (profiles, etc.) on meeting attendees  Arranging transport, restaurants and entertainment  Manage meetings and meeting rooms on a rota basis  Arranging regular inhouse lunches  Building and maintaining relationships with counterparties Fielding calls and taking messages Organising video conferences and teleconference meetings Organising and managing electronic diaries, ensuring that the team and the department are aware of staff movement Manage the expense accounts of the team Working with the PA to the President of London Office to provide holiday cover where necessary Experience Required Experience of working in a similar role in the past, not necessarily within financial services. Experience of working in a busy role that encompasses a high degree of autonomy, organising the team and its activities. Attributes Required Intermediate IT skills, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, Excel and Outlook. Proactive, willing and flexible.Someone who will go beyond the job description and show initiative. Good internet research skills. Ability to organise themselves and the team. Ability to meet tight deadlines and manage the workload/prioritise. Ability to adapt quickly and be receptive to change. Good team player who is reliable, accurate and well organised. Professional attitude with good interpersonal skills. Strong gatekeeping skills This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TeamSecretaryPAWestEnd ****pa_job****