Title: Collections Handler
Webindex: 68680213
Company: Interaction Finance
Description: My client a fantastic insurance organisation based in Cheadle are currently seeking strong candidates for their collections department. Duties: • To efficiently chase accounts by telephone, fax, letter and email. • Accurately deal and liaise with other internal departments on any associated queries raised. • Achieve department/personal SLA’s • Accurately maintain records of customer contact and diarising follow up contact. • Liaising with other company departments and employees as appropriate to ensure the efficiency of the recovery process. • Developing good working relations with all contacts in order to meet customer and regulatory requirements. Basic Purpose and Function: • To maximise our profitability by proactively chasing outstanding debt to consistently improve upon the Company’s cash flow position. • Promote the corporate image of the Company and the Company’s clients through the provision of the highest level of service quality at all times. Essential • GCSE English and Maths or equivalent • Previous experience of working within the insurance industry environment. • Persuasive communicator, negotiator, able to deal with awkward situations in a calm and friendly manner. • A positive and selfconfident approach displaying composure under pressure when dealing with third parties and customers as representatives of the Company. • Able to stick to decisions made and the ability to utilise sales techniques when dealing with third party insurers to ensure the quick recovery of our outlay. • Good telephone manner (Essential) • Good keyboard skills (Essential) • MS Office  basic (Essential) Desirable • Legal knowledge • The ability to recognise and deal with problematic claims and or refer them to more senior members of staff for appropriate action. • Well organised personally, able to work with little supervision. • A willingness to offer suggestions where problems may be identified. Generic Competencies • Communication • Results Focus • Client Focus • Developing Self and Others • Problem Solving • Quality Focus • Commercial Awareness • Handling Systems • Systems of Work Specific Competencies: • Insurance Knowledge/ ABI/GTA (Essential) • Claims Handling Knowledge (Essential) • Sales Techniques • Negotiation Please apply with an up to date CV to James at Interaction Finance for more information. Please be aware we are an agency and as such receive a high volume of applications. If you have heard nothing within **** working days please accept your application as unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CollectionsHandler_job****