Title: Consultant, Solvency Framework (systems)
Webindex: 68676488
Description: Our client goes to great lengths to protect both the business and their customers. The Capital Management Department is at the forefront of managing the Group's solvency position and ensuring that they maintain their capital strength in the challenging times ahead. Communicating this to internal management and to the external stakeholders, such as the FSA, is central to maintaining confidence in the business's financial strength. Advising the business on capital related matters and prudential regulation; Producing regulatory capital information and analysis for external (e.g. FSA,EBA) and internal audiences; Contribute towards the publication of the annual qualitative and quantitative Pillar **** disclosures; Understanding and analysing new regulations, such as CRR and COREPCRDIV, to ensure compliance; Responding to industry proposals and assessing the capital impact of new initiatives by the business; Supporting projects on behalf of Capital Management (e.g. COREP); Ensuring that the business's capital calculations are accurate and up to date with the latest regulation, liaising with other reporters of capital related information to ensure consistency across the organisation. Coach senior analyst and other team members and provide consultative support across the department Who we re looking for Experience of a financial analysis or management information role where the manipulation and presentation of data, analysis and advice to management was a major component of role. Relevant degree (numerical or business). Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Confident and effective communicator. Highly developed numeracy and written skills and a keen eye for detail. Advanced PC skills with the Group's standard software A flexible approach to work that encourages creativity The ability to influence and educate at all levels in the business. Deadline focussed given tight reporting timelines. Ideally knowledge of the business processesof a financial services organisation. Knowledge of finance and capital. A self starter with professionalism and confidence that will bring credibility to all contacts. About our client Key UK Brand. Highlyregarded employer. What s on offer up to ****k, plus benefits