Title: Financial Services Administrator  Cambridge
Webindex: 68689934
Company: Idex Consulting
Description: Financial Services Administrator  Cambridge Salary up to **** plus benefits A position exists for a Financial Services Administrator who has a strong background of providing administration within the financial planning market, to join a leading brand within the region in a role providing administrative support to a team of highly qualified Financial Planners. The team provides in depth financial advice for wealthy private clients and manage their financial planning affairs and deliver annual reviews. As an Administrator you will be responsible for ensure ensuring the back office runs smoothly.  Managing client files  Arrangement of annual reviews  Supporting Paraplanners and Advisers with requests  Dealing with clients, product providers and 3rd parties  Pre and post sales administration of pensions, life and investments  Database and platform management Candidates must have a background of working within the financial services market place, within the pensions, investments or life arena. You will be able to understanding processes and adapt to working within the corporate market place, knowledge and proficient use of 1st Adviser Office / Avelo is essential. The firm offers a competitive remuneration package and can offer a longer term career path and a chance to understate financial services qualifications. As a corporate organisation they have a great working environment with flexible working hours. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialServicesAdministratorCambridge_job****