Title: Business and Income Development Manager
Webindex: 71635429
Company: Simon Community
Description: Post: Business and Income Development Manager Reports To: Director of Development Salary: NJC Points **** ****  **** Location: Central Office, Belfast. You may be required to work at any office throughout Northern Ireland. Some travel may be required to fulfill the duties associated with this post. Hours of Work: 35 hours per week. A flexitime scheme is in operation and reasonable hours outside of this may be required to fulfill the duties of this position. Purpose: To maximise income generation for Simon Community NI through the effective management and development of existing donors as well as identification and successful solicitation of new donors. E ssential Criteria: Relevant third level qualification (marketing, management or business related qualification) Or Demonstrated 5 years’ equivalent relevant experience, with a track record of success, will be considered And 3 years relevant (full time equivalent) work experience within a Fundraising/Income Business Development/Marketing/Sales/Retail environment (public, voluntary or private sectors). And Proven record of successful delivery against income generation targets. And Proven supervisory/team leadership (breadth and depth) And Good ICT skills; Microsoft; excel, word, outlook etc. And Proven experience of successful project and budget management. And Access to car and valid driving licence Additional Short listing Criteria: (To be applied in the event of a large number of suitable candidates) Membership of a relevant professional body – for example;InstituteofFundraisingor Chartered Institute of Marketing And Experience of working within the voluntary sector And An understanding of the issues affecting the voluntary sector The organisation reserves the right to increase the requirements. Shortlisting will be undertaken solely on assessment of the strength and quality of the evidence provided by the candidate. It is essential therefore those applicants provide sufficient detail to demonstrate how and to what extent they meet the requirements. To find out further details and information on how to apply click here