Title: Associate Head Of Legal
Webindex: 67639730
Company: Hillman Saunders
Description: We are looking to recruit for an Associate Head of Legal role, with the remit to provide timely, accurate, proactive and pragmatic advice as required on all legal and regulatory matters. The right person is a Problem solver with a can do attitude, a lone worker with the ability to work as part of a team whilst having an awareness of team dynamics. You will be asked to negotiate, review and draft all consumer and commercial contracts and legal documentation for key operations and facilities (outsourcing, IT and service) to mitigate legal and regulatory risk. Do you have strong Organisational, Prioritisation & Time Management skills? Are you an excellent corporate communicator, both written and verbal with the ability to influence at an executive level? Are you a competent user of Microsoft including Word, Excel and PowerPoint. WE WANT A practising solicitor with a minimum of five years experience inhouse within a UK regulated insurance company or a law firm with a clear specialisation in Financial Services and Insurance. YOU HAVE Knowledge and experience of the regulatory environment in the Insurance / FS sector with particular emphasis on FSMA, consumer regulation and data protection law & issues. An ability to lead on negotiation, review and drafting of documentation for business transactions (consumer insurance contracts and commercial contracts) in compliance with laws and regulations to mitigate legal risk. Excellent communication and presentation skills, with a professional demeanour and gravitas to engage and advise the management team both verbally and in writing Personal organisation, prioritisation and planning skills. Persistence, an eye for detail and ability to complete projects and keep deadlines. If this sounds like you then apply online now, or call for a confidential chat on (Apply online only)  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business