Title: Associate Director of Acquisitions  Real Estate  London
Webindex: 57500663
Company: Trident International Associates
Description: Associate Director of Acquisitions (Property) Our Client is a multifaceted real estate investment, development, and private equity group who invest in UK real estate both directly and indirectly. Further to their continued success and expansion they now require an Associate Director to focus on commercial acquisitions. The Role will entail: Originating and sourcing UK commercial property deals (single asset or portfolio based) across asset types classes and geographies.Presenting deals and acquisitions for funding.Analysing / researching and modelling deals and presenting with appropriate structures to the board.Completing acquisition process.Seeking sale / trade and exit route / strategy. The Person: To apply you will ideally be a qualified surveyor or possess an industry related masters possess a number of years relevant real estate experience and be able to demonstrate exposure from cradle to grave in the direct property acquisition process. You should be tenacious, be ' hands on' and be both collaborative and collegiate with strong commercial business and interpersonal skills. Additionally you will be intelligent and be able to demonstrate sound analysis and financial skills OUR SPECIALISM Based in Mayfair in London, Trident are a specialist, boutique real estate recruitment consultancy who identify talent in property, finance and accounting. As a market leader we offer innovative, flexible and tailor made holistic solutions to the global real estate markets. OUR APPROACH Established for 25 years and with over 75 years of experience at partner level, we are a consultancy with the breadth and depth of knowledge of the various trends facing the property industry, so essential in the light of continuing changes in global real estate, private equity and fund management. We believe in working in the capacity of partner with both candidates and clients alike, working in synergy with them and growing organically, acting with ethical integrity every step of the way. A proven consultancy, driven by the changing market, who can add real value, both vertically and strategically and who are able to make a real difference by identifying real talent. We can offer both global and local market expertise and successful solutions for unique, complex and difficult recruitment remits. Our team of experienced consultants can not only help identify your next career move and challenge but also offer objective consulting opinion and guidance on interviewing, market trends and salary benchmarking. CONTACT US If you are looking for a new job or a career change within the real estate sector  Trident are always keen to hear from quality candidates, both from the property industry and other sector disciplines, ready to rise to a new career challenge. Our service to candidates is based on professionalism, a dedication to understanding your career needs and total confidentiality and discretion.