Title: Customer Services Advisors  **** PT/FT Full Training Provided
Webindex: 68310864
Company: Consumer Champion Group
Description: PPI Claimline part of the Consumer Champion Group is a service provided by an established claims company led by financial and legal professionals that has been giving ordinary people access to justice for 20 years. PPI Claimline, has adopted the same principles to help the victims of missold PPI to understand their rights and to help people reclaim the money that they have been unfairly charged for PPI. With the acquisition of PPI Claimline we are now expanding the team and are currently recruiting for six temporary Claims Advisors based at our Kettering Call Centre. The Claims Advisor will act as a first point of contact to the consumer answering their queries and determining their eligibility for compensation. The role requires an ability to work effectively as an individual and as part of a team and to be able to combine operational, analytical and organisational skills with attention to detail in a changing environment. Based in the Kettering Call Centre your key responsibilities will be: • To be a Consumer Champion in providing excellent sales through service. • Following guidelines and processes in assessing each Consumer’s potential claim for misselling. • To followup initial claim call to answer questions and chase outstanding claim forms. • Accurately and efficiently capturing data using the IT systems. • To meet required productivity and performance targets. • Other tasks as required for efficient running of the contact centre. What we are looking for: • Excellent verbal & written communication skills • Ability to build rapport with Consumers to be able to positively influence their decision making. • Display sales and service skills. • Detail conscious and able to accurately follow processes • Confident & literate in office IT systems with good keyboard skills • Ability to work effectively at an individual level whilst contributing to the performance of the team. • A selfstarter, motivated to work to high standards in a target driven environment and to meet personal and team targets consistently. What we offer: • Temporary contracts – initially for 3 months (Temp to Perm may be available) • Starting Annual Salary of **** plus performance bonuses • Full training provided and development • Full time work 37.5 Hours per week or Part Time Minimum 20 Hours per week with a 5 week rotating Shift Patterns • Generous 25 days paid holiday pro rata • Stakeholder Pension Scheme and other benefits • Excellent career opportunities • Death in service benefit Please note you must be able to attend the following: Assessment Day on the 24th January (10.00 am Start) and commence work on Monday 18th February Please note public transport is limited and access to a car is desirable. We offer free car parking to all employees. TO APPLY PLEASE INCLUDE A CV TELEPHONE NUMBER AND WHETHER YOU ARE LOOKING FOR FULL TIME OR PART TIME WORK