Title: Payroll Administrator (PAYE / NIC)
Webindex: 72481326
Company: EasyWebRecruitment
Description: Payroll Administrator (PAYE / NIC) Established in 1992, our client specialises in providing workforce management solutions to the recruitment market and have a proven track record of success and exceptional financial stability. They are a member of SWIFT and a registered BACS Bureau. They always aim to pioneer sector firsts and their leading edge technology helps us provide their clients with outstanding levels of accuracy, accountability, transparency and process efficiency. Position: Payroll Administrator Location: London (Nearest tube station  Holborn) Salary: ********k Benefits: up to 5% pension contribution, season ticket loan, life insurance and 23 days initial holiday entitlement, rising by one day each year to a maximum of 26 days ROLE: A position has arisen in the Payroll department for a Payroll Administrator. This role will involve all aspects of day to day payroll administration. RESPONSIBILITIES a) Calculating payrolls b) Processing starters and leavers. c) Conducting statutory payment deductions. d) Conducting manual payslip calculations e) Liaising with clients, internal corporate departments and communicating with external parties. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) The successful Payroll Administrator will have one year s recent experience in payroll, ideally have some IPP qualifications or be willing to study towards these and have a strong understanding of PAYE and NIC along with excellent team working, organisational and customer service skills. b) Proven experience dealing with a high payroll volume (****) across multiple systems. c) You will need to have exceptional written and verbal communication skills, good attention to detail skills and be able to work well under pressure and to fixed deadlines. d) The role holder will need to be able to understand and work within strict Company policies, processes and systems. e) The successful candidate will be selfmotivated and committed to ensuring that their work is processed on time and to a high standard. f) As well as being flexible, resourceful and resilient, the candidate will be able to work in a demanding and deadline driven environment. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Recruitment / Umbrella or bureau payroll background You may have experience of the following: Payroll Administration, Payroll Assistant, Payroll Specialist, Payroll Clerk, Payroll Officer, Finance Administrator, Accounts Assistant, Accounts Administrator PAYE etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.