Title: BUSINESS MANAGER, BEDFORD
Webindex: 71552489
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants Ltd
Description: Business Manager, Bedford. An excellent position has arisen in Bedford for a highly motivated and experienced motor trade Business Manager to join our clients’ successful MercedesBenz dealership. THE ROLE A fantastic opportunity now exists for an enthusiastic, successful individual to join a great team in the role of Business Manager. This high profile, exciting and challenging position requires a talented and highly motivated individual with a track record of success and an excellent knowledge of Finance & Insurance. RESPONSIBILITIES You will form an integral part of the sales team and will be responsible for all aspects of customer vehicle finance ensuring achievement of dealership finance, insurance and sales targets as well as delivering great customer service. THE PERSON As Business Manager, the role requires the ability to communicate at all levels, motivate a sales team and a passion to succeed by maximising every opportunity is also required. This would suit an existing high performing Business Manager or Sales Executive within a quality marque. REMUNERATION For the role of Business Manager, there is a highly competitive package on offer of:  **** per annum basic with an ote to **** per annum  Company Car THE COMPANY This company is part of a Group who aims to be the best motor retailer in the UK. To achieve this they must deliver an outstanding service to both existing and prospective customers and they see their people as the key to ensuring success. They offer a challenging and rewarding environment with excellent career development opportunities and are proud to have achieved ‘Sunday Times Best Company to Work For’ status five years in a row. HOW TO APPLY Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Business Manager will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full valid UK Driving Licence. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Motor, Automotive, Car, Retail, Business Manager, Sales Executive, Vehicles, Finance, Insurance,