Title: Secured Loan Underwriter Manchester
Webindex: 56281216
Company: JOBG8
Description: MAIN PURPOSE OF JOB To help maximise income from opportunities that drop out of our offline process. Review standard loan declines and act as a deal saver, looking for marginal cases that could go on to accept via a referral process. Strive to improve quality through daily, weekly and monthly audits of automated and manual underwriting decisions, customer file audits and checks of customer packs sent to external lenders. KEY TASKS Reporting to the Senior Sales and Processing Manager the role holder will be involved in a variety of tasks to ensure the business get the maximum out of each and every opportunity Manually underwrite secured loan declines to find alternative specialist lenders or a way to refer the case to a lender for consideration when outside of standard criteria. Manual underwrite of lender to lender declines for the Loan Processing team Undertake comparable valuation checking using online sites for marginal cases Analysis of declines across all operational areas to sense check the automated underwriting system and identify decision Feedback to Athena team on any rules discrepancies within automated decision engine Underwriting Specialist Sales re quotes to ensure accurate decisions Ad Hoc auditing of day one post packs to ensure accuracy of information Lender down to bank pack checking to ensure accuracy of information provided and quality of cases packaged by processors Feedback to Processors and Managers underwriting or packaging errors Monthly secured loan customer file auditing Operations end user testing including workflow changes, decision changes and process or system changes Internal star rating analysis Act as lender specialists and ensure all relevant areas are made aware of criteria changes across both internal and external lending panel. Provide expertise on lender criteria and answer queries on lender rules form processors and sales advisors Provide lender and product training support to relevant areas of the business as required Continual development of lender relationships, liaising with lenders on referral decisions and questioning decline decisions where appropriate on behalf of the sales and processing teams. Keep lender knowledge up to date and act as point of reference for any criteria queries. Provide support and cover during holidays for the Development Quality Analyst Answer broker queries from Lending Wizard users on underwriting decisions and case updates. If this sounds like something you can do, then please apply now. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business.