Title: FTSE 50 Group Reporting Planning Manager
Webindex: 71649378
Company: Cedar
Description: Our client is a large multinational division of a high profile FTSE 50 company. The division holds a leading position in the markets it operates in and has ambitious growth plans based around a clear and innovative strategy, a talented, new management team and the support of the wider group. The business is now looking to recruit a highly credible finance professional who will help influence and improve the performance and growth of the business through the provision of meaningful management information, insightful analysis and recommendations. Reporting to the Head of Business Performance & Analysis and acting as a key driver of change and transformation, your responsibilities will include:  Managing a key transformation project to align Group management reporting and planning with the new strategy and organisational structure and taking a lead role in the development and improvement of supporting management information systems and processes.  Managing the Group planning process including quarterly reforecasts, annual budgets and five year planning ensuring improvement targets and strategic initiatives are factored into plans.  Initiating and maintaining strong internal relationships with business units and head office functions, developing an understanding of key business drivers and KPI’s in order to challenge business performance and provide insightful commercial analysis.  Managing Group monthly management reporting, challenging information from business units and driving a culture of continuous improvement.  Managing working capital initiatives, establishing supporting processes and reporting, sharing best practice, tracking progress, identify opportunities, and developing a network of champions across the Group.  Supporting the Head of Business Performance & Analysis and other senior management across the wider Group on a variety of adhoc projects including acquisition evaluations. The successful candidate will be a commercially astute qualified accountant with a track record driving and leading change and an ability to turn concepts into practical tools, processes and systems. You will have the emotional intelligence and communication skills to drive change and the credibility and robustness to influence senior management. This is a high profile role in a rapidly expanding and highly visible part of a multinational group – exceptional career development opportunities exist either within the division or across the wider Group for candidates who can successfully help the business achieve its goals.