Title: Data Privacy Professional needed at Global Bank
Webindex: 68798972
Company: Real Staffing
Description: A reputed and internationally recognised banking group has a new temporary vacancy within it's Legal function inLondon. In particular, they are looking to hire a Data Privacy professional to take responsibility for a number of new data privacy programmes related to data transfers, as well as a number of other data privacy activities. This position will be on a fixedterm contractual basis for a duration of 12 months. This position is therefore an excellent opportunity for a temporary and/or permanent Data Privacy professionals that enjoy working in large corporate environments and taking lead roles in critical projects. Your responsibilities will be as follows: Take ownership of the new InterCompany Agreement programme (40%) Assessing the necessary changes to be made to theICAon a monthly, quarterly, and annual basis, by working with the Businesses to ensure that theICAis kept up to date. Governance and Reporting (30%) The job holder will be responsible for the design and implementation of appropriate mechanisms in order to ensure governance and control over privacy issues Project implementation of impact assessments and maturity reviews Awareness and Conference Management (**** %) Creation and management of an awareness campaign. Advisory (20%) The role will be expected to provide a variety of advice on general data privacy issues in theUK(primarily), but also in relation to privacy issues that may arise in other jurisdictions. The role will also provide advice in relation to specific HR privacy issues as needs be. The role will be expected to support the Businesses in relation to specific privacy issues for example the use of new technology such as Cloud Key Skills necessary: Thorough understanding of the EU data protection/privacy legislation and regulation. Knowledge of international data protection/privacy legislation and regulation Legal background or experience in managing and drafting EU Model Clauses and Data Transfer Agreements. Strong project management and team skills. Excellent interpersonal skills, tough and resilient personality. Salary: ****  **** pro rata Location:CanaryWharf If you are an experienced data privacy professional with particular skills in drafting EU Model Clauses and Data transfer agreements, and would benefit from a comprehensive 12 month FTC at a leading banking group; please send your CV to me for more information To find out more about Real please visit www.realstaffing.com