Title: Senior Accountant  Personal Loans
Webindex: 68393681
Company: Nationwide Building Society
Description: Introduction Personal loans is a growing area for Nationwide with a very competitive market position and leading products for our members representing a true commitment to being 'On Your Side'. A more challenging role Reporting to the Senior Finance Manager and working closely with senior managers within the Banking Division including the Head of Personal Loans, you'll be a key to providing commercial and financial support to the business area. Much more than a standard accountancy role, you'll be expected to support the business on new initiatives, pricing and financial strategy and helping them understand the drivers of financial performance. This means analysing product performance, providing performance commentary, accurate forecasts and constructive challenge as well as adhoc support to meet the business areas needs. A more talented person A fully qualified and experienced Accountant, you will have strong analytical and forecasting skills as well as being a good communicator. Able to work within a team of accountants and nonaccountants alike, you will have the drive and ambition to make a real difference. A friendly, positive addition to any team, you'll be someone who can quickly establish your credibility and use your commercial awareness to help drive improvements. You will be able to successfully juggle your working priorities while maintaining a high level of accuracy. Thanks to your excellent communication skills, you'll have no problem building relationships with customers. Advanced PC skills, in particular Excel and Power Point are essential. And if you can show a spirit of continuous learning  actively looking for opportunities to develop  you'll soon be raising your own profile while having a big impact on building a better customer experience. An employer you're proud of Our mutual status means we're here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it's made us the world's biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We're always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That's why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it's only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we'll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme.