Title: Commercial Analyst  Music
Webindex: 71850555
Company: Handle Recruitment
Description: Handle are working with a Major International Music Company to recruit a Commercial Analyst to assist in the development of long and short term business planning. Based in London you will Liaise directly with Business Affairs and A R on repertoire investment opportunities and prepare financial models to support the evaluation and the approval process. You will: Assist with the creative approvals process Budgets and forecasts Market and competitor analysis Investment and deal Analysis Provide analytical support to potential business acquisitions Assist with the development and delivery of Creative analyses Supporting A R and the creative functions Assist with the preparation of presentations for business reviews and budgets to support the Creative teams Analyse, prepare and calculate advance provisions Assisting with revenue analysis and key income drivers Provide quarterly analysis of the company position relative to competitors Adhoc assistance, projects and analysis You will be working to proactively develop strategy and make a significant impact on the direction this renowned and inspirational brand will take over the next 5 years. You will have a 2.1 degree and be a qualified accountant (ACA/CIMA/ACA) and have demonstrable strategic background obtained in the Music/Media or Entertainment sector. Crucially, your previous experience will include financial modelling and you will be a high level user of excel. This will be both a challenging and rewarding position, which will provide the successful candidate with incredible career progression, matched by a generous package. This is a fantastic opportunity to form a key part of the decision making process in an international brand. If you have the appropriate skill set and wish to be considered please forward your CV below, or to andrewhandle.co.uk. Successful applicants will be contacted within 7 days. We anticipate a high level of interest in the role and as such would like to make candidates aware that we will not be able to provide individual feedback on CVs. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialAnalystMusic_job****