Title: Client Project Delivery Manager
Webindex: 69931053
Company: People in Credit
Description: nbsp;Due to a very successful year, Nottingham based software house delivering innovative solutions over the web to the Insurance industry, are currently expanding their Business Consultancy team. nbsp; The job will be primarily office based in Nottingham City Centre, with travel to clients for meetings throughout the UK when required. nbsp; The role nbsp;  Support clients through entire delivery process from project inception to live  Liaising with end users to define business requirements. nbsp;  Write client specifications  Working closely with the development team to ensure that solutions are produced in accordance with the functional specifications and are delivered on time. nbsp;  Closely managing client expectations and monitoring projects as they progress. nbsp;  Write test plans and oversee testing  Manage multiple client projects at once  Become expert in range of software products and services  Define the gap between existing and new business processes and take the lead in the initiation of process improvement  Identify and propose potential product enhancements nbsp; Assist in the development of business cases for proposed projects. nbsp;  Analysing requirements and creating specifications to clearly define the requirements of any new product, feature or change. nbsp;  Writing of both functional and nonfunctional product documentation. nbsp; Required Skills nbsp; Proven track record in businessfocused analysis including capturing requirements and solution design. nbsp; Solid commercial experience of working on the full IT delivery lifecycle. nbsp; Previous experience is required of working on projects that are either Internet or software application based. nbsp; Experience in working in the Financial or Insurance Industries work be advantageous Excellent communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with both technical and nontechnical individuals throughout the business. nbsp;