Title: Fire and Theft Motor Claims Team Leader
Webindex: 69930981
Company: Asure Recruit
Description: Fire and Theft Motor Claims Team Leader Leading insurance company with a strong presence in the UK motor insurance market who specialise is niche motor cover with their strong market knowledge and experience; they are able to create highly targeted products for the whole motor insurance industry. Due to their continued growth and success, they are currently seeking a Team Leader to join their Fire and Theft team in West Sussex to provide to technical expertise to claims department and customers. Key Responsibilities  Contribute to and ensure direct reports work within agreed processes in order to deliver the business plan  Measure direct reports performance against KPI s and SLA s.  Provide support to the Supervisor/Manager and ensure delivery of performance of direct reports in line with departmental requirements.  Provide support to the Supervisor/Manager in identifying inefficiencies with processes and procedures and implement changes to achieve improvement  Manage, motivate, deliver, set & monitor objectives of direct reports within the Theft & Fire Team in order for them to carry out their responsibilities and meet agreed service and performance targets  Undertake regular performance reviews with team members against key targets and objectives in order to identify business and personal developmental needs  Ensure compliance to company reserving and payment philosophy.  Ensure the team maintains company and business ethos to all stakeholders.  Handle team technical referrals on a daily basis  Authorise cheques in an accurate and timely manner, maintaining volume and cheque return data.  Develop and maintain relationships with key suppliers and Third Party agents, to include the interpretation of MI, and identifying/resolving issues not requiring escalation.  Handle complaints in line with FSA/Company guidelines and timescales.  Know, understand and apply the principles of TCF, and report any potential area of risk to your line manager  Adhere to FSA, TCF and Data Protection Regulations  Complete audits on team members and put development plans in place to address training needs  Develop teams technical knowledge Key Skills and Knowledge:  Demonstrates excellent communication and organisational skills  Demonstrates good leadership skills  Strong customer service and resolution skills  Ability to mentor and train Ideally candidates will be able to demonstrate a working knowledge and experience gained within a similar environment. The company offers excellent benefits and fantastic opportunities for personal and career development