Title: PMO Analyst  Dorking, Surrey
Webindex: 68716008
Company: Understanding Recruitment
Description: PMO Analyst  Dorking, Surrey. Fantastic opportunity We are a highly successful multinational organisation based in Dorking, Surrey. We are now seeking a PMO Analyst with strong knowledge and experience working of working with a large portfolio of projects. The successful PMO Analyst will provide management information on the company's Development Change Programme and assist in the Functional Planning Manager in accurately assessing current status, forward planning of projects and resources. As the PMO Analyst you will be responsible for providing support where required with the overall programme (anything up to **** projects at a time) which include; general support, plan management, budget plans and risk management. Ideally you will have experience of Excel. Skills required for the role of PMO Analyst are: Programme reporting  to collect and collate information from project to present an accurate view of the statue of the company's programme of development change. Programme Risk Analysis  to assist in identifying programme level risks and maintaining a Risk Log Programme Issue Analysis  assist in identifying programme level issues Programme Budget  Maintain the annual development programme development budget and provide variances on trends Programme Planning  to help with the programme which will enable Plan signoff within the overall business schedule Programme Resource Planning  keep a resource plan and provide accurate information for management team Project Support  to provide the Business Change Architecture (BCA) information support to Project Managers which will enable effective deployment Training and Competence  remain uptodate and fully conversant with any relevant legislation reuirements Skills required: Experience of project status reporting Ability to analyse large amounts of data An organised approach to work Able to build relationships with managers Intermediate skills with Excel and a working knowldge of MS Project Any experience of working in the Insurance and/or Financial industry would be advantageous but by no means essential. My client can offer an excellent working environment on a significant programme of work where variety and challenge are plentiful. Apply now for further information on this excellent opportunity. Understanding Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PMOAnalystDorkingSurrey_job****