Title: Senior Credit Risk Analyst, Modelling and Strategy
Webindex: 72479660
Company: Harnham Search and Selection Ltd
Description: Senior Credit Risk Analyst, Modelling and Strategy A Senior Credit Risk Analyst is required by a pioneering and inventive consumer lending organisation to drive their Credit Risk Modelling capability forward and make them more analytically savvy. THE COMPANY This business are a consumer lending organisation who have been running for a few years, and want to take their company to the next level by creating an intelligent and forward thinking analytical team. THE ROLE This role requires a Credit Risk professional who has a very strong understanding and interest in the market, excellent modelling skills and scorecard development ability. You must also be able to take insight from your analysis and create lending strategies on the back of that. You will have two more junior analysts underneath you, and you will be responsible for directing their work, as well as being very hands on with the data yourself. ESSENTIAL SKILLS AND EXPERIEINCE  A really strong understanding of Credit Risk  Good modelling and scorecard build skills  Excellent SAS and SQL  A background in consumer lending  Experience developing Credit Risk strategies. THE BENEFITS You can expect a salary of up to **** plus bonus, pension and healthcare. HOW TO APPLY Send your CV to joeparsonsharnhamsearch.com and call **** **** **** for more info. KEY WORDS SAS, Credit Risk, financial services, scorecard, insurance, retail credit risk, modelling, scorecards, stress testing, economics, capital, portfolio, risk, data, analytics, portfolio analysis, collections strategy, marketing, product sales, stakeholder management. ABOUT HARNHAM Harnham are specialist recruiters within the field of analytics with experience in placing highly skilled experts within global leaders in statistics, SAS analytics, insight, marketing, credit risk and business intelligence. Harnham have strong relationships with an array of global companies encompassing all of these fields. Senior Credit Risk Analyst, Modelling and Strategy