Title: Call Centre Apprentice
Webindex: 62007710
Company: Recruitment North West
Description: The lead generation apprentice will be responsible for calling UK consumers to introduce our client's services and to identify opportunities for the sales team. The role of the lead generator is to transfer customers to one of the sales team. The job holder will be a professional individual who has administration and call handling skills. The job holder should have a high standard of verbal communication skills, be computer literate and demonstrate a confident personality. You will also be responsible for communicating to potential customers via telephone. You will be responsible for building rapport with the customer and providing a positive customer experience Capture accurate information about the potential customer Use strong communication skills and demonstrate a high level of resilience, you will be responsible for speaking to the person in the household who is responsible for paying the bills, introducing the service and converting them into a lead for the sales team. Achieve targets set based on the following elements: talk time, wrap time, pause time, log in time along with attendance, data capture quality and a percentage to lead generation target. Representing our client, you will be required to demonstrate a good standard of professionalism and competence at all times. Experience of verbal communication with customers Experience of working on a PC Strong attention to detail Motivated, proactive and enthusiastic All information gathered will be accurately entered into the database; good keyboard skills and attention to detail are essential to the role Whilst working in this leading contact centre you will benefit from: Full training and induction Personal Mentor for support and guidance. Monthly one to one sessions with manager, mentor Assessor On the job training covering: Soft Skills, Questioning, DPA, Rapport building Objection Handling Qualifications you would expect to receive are: Customer service or Business Admin levels 2 **** EDI Framework QCF Apprenticeship Key Skills Numeracy Literacy Hours of work are: Monday  Thursday 12pm  8pm Friday 10am  6pm Interviews are being held now Key Words: Sales, Inbound, Outbound, Lead gen, Customer Service, B2B, B2C, Call centre, contact centre, telesales, NVQ Apprenticeship.