Title: Recruitment Consultant  Finance Division
Webindex: 68712453
Company: Tirebuck Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Recruitment Consultant  Finance Division Salary: Basic salary ****k****k dependent on experience, OTE ********k Location: Solihull, West Midlands Tirebuck Recruitment is a wellestablished, successful independent recruitment company with an excellent reputation for providing a high quality service to both candidates and client organisations. Our highly professional, enthusiastic and motivated team offer a truly consultative approach, whilst working in a busy, fast paced and fun environment. As part of our continued success, and to complement our existing specialist divisions, we are looking to expand our Finance Division by bringing on board an experienced or trainee Recruitment Consultant, with experience of account management in the financial sector. The Role: Working within a successful team, you will be responsible for developing the Finance desk, incorporating temporary, interim and permanent recruitment. This is a 360 degree recruitment role, encompassing new business generation, business development, networking, account management and resourcing activities. Key Skills and Experience Required:  Experience experience of account management, ideally within the Finance sector, is essential.  Previous experience in a Recruitment Consultant role would be beneficial, although not essential for the right candidate.  Senior client relationship building and experience of liaising at director level would be a distinct advantage.  A self starter who is results driven.  Able to influence and communicate at all levels; articulate with a good telephone manner.  Able to work under pressure and to tight deadlines. We are looking for someone who can bring experience and commitment to this role, as well as enthusiasm, a sense of humour and a 'cando' attitude. If you are interested in this opportunity and would like to know more, please apply immediately. We understand the need for confidentiality, and the potential difficulty in meeting/speaking during the working day, and we are willing to arrange interviews after hours if necessary. If you are already registered with Tirebuck Recruitment please contact your consultant to discuss suitability for this position. Tirebuck Recruitment only operates in the UK and can only process applications from candidates who are currently eligible to live and work in the UK. We operate a strict equal opportunities policy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantFinanceDivision_job****