Title: Payroll Coordinator
Webindex: 66887076
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Our leading client are looking to recruit for a Payroll/Pension Helpdesk Coordinator. In this exciting role you will provide an effective and efficient service by ensuring the accurate and timely response to enquiries received by the client s temporary workforce relating to their autoenrolment pension queries. Overall job purpose: To seek to resolve payroll related queries regarding pension contributions and refunds for temporary workers. To refer temporary workers to the appropriate pension expert source to deal with specific pension related advice. To refer temporary workers queries to the client s pension provider for general expert advice as appropriate. To build and coordinate relationships and information flow between multiple parties. To ensure the temporary worker receives accurate and up to date information and advice in a coordinated and timely manner. To respond to requests, queries and complaints in a friendly and efficient manner and follow up where the query is directed to an external party. To keep up to date with notices and developments issued by The Pensions Regulator and to act as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) on behalf of multiple parties. To keep up to date and knowledgeable regarding pensions in general and autoenrolment specifically. To perform additional duties from time to time in order to meet organisational and client goals and objectives. To perform all duties in accordance with the legislative requirements and/or company/client s policies and procedures.Main responsibilities: Provide Helpdesk Support for Autoenrolment Pension Queries, Relationship Management and Associated Administration Provide comprehensive and responsive support to pension helpdesk queries. Receive and record client and/or temporary worker enquiries and provide basic information in response to requests. Respond to queries (via telephone, email or other) within agreed SLA s. Refer queries to pension provider as appropriate. Provide a coordinated response, including response to the pension provider queries as appropriate. Escalate to Line Manager where appropriate. Chase timesheet submissions and approval by client s Hiring Manager community to minimise absent timesheets. Manage timesheet omissions to ensure accurate leavers information provided by client. Ensure data is received to agreed deadlines and SLA s. Prioritise and action daily tasks to be accomplished to meet SLA s. Identify and act on issues which would impact delivery of SLA. Liaise with other areas of the business to meet and enhance payroll delivery. Control the reconciliation processes for own client s third party accounts to ensure completion in line with SLA requirements and statutory legislation. Review and update where necessary client procedures and processes, and company documentation. Respond to requests and queries from 3rd parties and/or statutory bodies in such a way as to maintain effective working relationships. Develop and maintain a good working knowledge of company services and client requirements. Develop and maintain effective relationships with internal/external customers and suppliers. Consider and escalate any new ideas which add value to the customer. Recommend and agree ways in which systems and procedures can be improved to enhance business performance. Action system updates to ensure accurate implementation. Essential Skills and Knowledge Solid experience within a Pension/payroll environment Comprehensive understanding of employer duties under autoenrolment Excellent relationship development skills Desirable Skills and Knowledge Experience in an outsourcing environment PC literacy  Word and Excel and Outlook Knowledge of payroll systems  Tempest ideally Advantage xPO is in the top 1% of staffing companies in the world. With a truly global footprint. Advantage xPO specialises in recruitment outsourcing. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Advantage xPO: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work