Title: Chinese Speaking PA Finance
Webindex: 56281394
Company: Language Recruitment Services.
Description: Chinese Speaking PA Finance Location London Permanent Salary  **** to **** LRS (Language Recruitment Services) is currently seeking a Mandarin speaking PA for their client, an investment company based in the city of London. Duties This is an exciting role working in on a one to one basis where you will be responsible for providing PA/Administrative and office manager support for the Director. The role is very dynamic and diverse  with a large proportion of diary and travel arrangements, client liaison, facetoface greeting of clients, organisation of meetings, some research, expenses, office management and some simple accounting. ' Fluency in Mandarin to native level with excellent and spoken English Solid PA/Secretarial or office management experience preferred ' Strong IT skills and knowledge of Microsoft Office ' Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal ' Strong organisation skills This is a great opportunity to work for a company with excellent career development opportunities. Candidates should be professional, well organised, with a hands on approach. The position can be busy at times but not stressful and the environment is friendly and supportive. If you are fluent in Mandarin and English and looking to work for a dynamic company with a low staff turnover, this could be the job for you. Thank you for applying to Language Recruitment Services, the Specialists in Language Recruitment. Applications can only be accepted from individuals who are eligible to work in the UK Please bear in mind that you may not hear from us immediately. Should your skills and qualifications be suitable for the position applied for (or similar positions), we will contact you as soon as possible. In the event there are no positions currently available that match your skills and qualifications, we may hold your details on our database and contact you in the future should a suitable vacancy arise. LRS is an Equal Opportunities Employer