Title: Financial Telemarketer  fantastic progression opportunities
Webindex: 68675402
Company: Paragon Supply Chain
Description: My Client is an independent credit insurance broker providing specialist advice on credit insurance, risk management, receivable funding and surety. They are the UK representative of the International Credit Brokers Alliance and have the capability and capacity to manage and place local credit insurance policies currently in 29 countries. A new opportunity has arisen for an accomplished Telemarketer to join this organisation in order to work on expaning their already prestigious base of clients, as they are now too busy managing their existing customer base This role would include extensive training as having the required knowledge to call prospective clients professionally is imperative. The role is essentially information gathering through methods of calling and research in order to make appointments with the CORRECT decision makers so that they can then secure the business. Key skills: Telesales / Telemarketing experience Results driven Ability to work autonomously Able to 'think outside the box' in order to gain closely guarded information i.e. Decision makers names etc. Entrepreneurial spirit and passion to succeed Excellent telephone manner Capable of being 'hands on' and work within a team when required This role could offer fantastic career progression and prospects for the right candidate. Hard work will always be recognised and rewarded and the chance to forge a successful and interesting career is definitely on the cards. However it is also not for the faint hearted, you must be conditioned to deal with knock backs and rejection and continue without being fazed. If you DEFINITELY have the drive, skills and determination to apply for this job we would love to hear from you. If we have not contacted you within 7 days, please assume you have not been successful as despite our best efforts we are unable to contact every applicant. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialTelemarketerfantasticprogressionopportunities_job****