Title: Audit Executive Big 4 Banking London Contract
Webindex: 68676277
Company: Badenoch & Clark   London 
Description: Would joining a Big 4 Accounting firm interest you? Does working Blue Chip Financial Services firms Appeal? Then look no further this could be the perfect role for you. A fantastic opportunity to join a highly prestigious UK accountancy firm is currently available. As a successful candidate you will be part of a truly award winning global company. You will be joining a team responsible for servicing some of the largest UK and International Financial Services organisations and provide assurance services to a broad range of clients including  Investment Banks  Retail Banks including Mortgage lenders  Interdealer brokers  Exchanges  Regulators and other financial intermediaries. The financial services markets are showing continued growth and thus the FSA team has a requirement for Audit professionals like you to join and take this division forward. Responsibilities  Assist in the planning, execution and finalisation of all areas of the audit assignment for manager or partner review, seeking input for areas of concern and judgement.  Predominant amount of time be spent offsite at client's premises.  Identifies risk matters to a manager and/or partner, while exercising judgement within agreed parameters.  Identify and understand client needs, suggest potential solutions on technical matters and communicate and agree client needs and potential solutions to managers.  Active engagement with senior client staff in order to gain a good understanding of their business and ensure the efficient execution of audit.  Take primary responsibility for monitoring progress against budget and when actual differs from the budget then gain a full understanding for the Manager.  Supervise, coach and develop junior members of staff within teams, on client premises and in the office.  Ensure compliance with the internal (audit methodology and risk management) and external (regulatory) requirements.  Participate in group, stream and firm wide activities. You will be required to possess the following:  ACA qualification or equivalent  Audit experience within Financial Services  Practical application of IFRS,UK GAAP and IAS essential  Degree Level  Supervisory experience  especially onsite at clients  Practical knowledge of UK and International GAAS, IFRS, UK GAAP and Financial Reporting requirements  Experience of Listed Clients and auditing international groups  Previous experience with Financial Services clients preferable Naturally the remuneration package offered with the role is highly competitive. If you would like further information give me a call on **** **** **** or apply online for immediate consideration. www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life. Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AuditExecutiveBig4BankingLondonContract_job****