Title: Senior Product Development Manager
Webindex: 68995636
Company: Interaction Finance
Description: My client a fantastic large insurance broker based in the Cambridgeshire region are currently looking for a Senior Product Development Manager to join their fantastic team. This pivitol role within this rapidly expanding organisation is available due to their natural organic growth within the Personal Lines Insurance market place. An opportunity has arisen for a Senior Manager Trading to work within the Panel Development team of Product and Panel Development (PPD). You will work with both the business units and PPD s insurer facing development team to ensure adequate competitive underwriting capacity is available to meet business unit objectives. The Role: Analysing and interpreting the business unit needs and key deliverables to provide tailored risk transfer and new product solutions. Provide specialist technical insurance advice to business units across all product portfolios. Owning, creating, agreeing and implementing a panel management strategy to help deliver the targets for the year. Working closely with the insurer development team to drive optimal net rates for each proposition. Deliver quantifiable, annualised benefit Keeping uptodate with the external insurance market and making recommendations on these findings to the PPD senior management team. Contributing to the PPD planning process through the inclusion of product and market knowledge. Managing and developing members of the Trading team. You must be able to demonstrate: Breadth of experience in a large insurance organisation (an underwriter, broker, distributor or consultancy). Experience of insurance product distribution channels including an understanding of key drivers of income. Proven experience in the delivery of effective results orientated change. Experience of commercial negotiation. People management experience. Skills and Experience: Extensive experience in a large insurance organisation (underwriter, broker, distributor or consultancy) with a strong understanding of: Personal lines insurance market Insurance product distribution channels including key drivers of income Product management Insurer financials and KPI s Experience of commercial negotiation and business case construction The ability to influence and communicate with confidence at senior levels Proven experience in the delivery of effective, results oriented change Strong report writing skills with experience of MS Office packages such as Excel, Word and PowerPoint Strong leadership skills and people management experience essential Please apply with an up to date CV to James at Interaction Finance for more information on this exciting role