Title: Presentation Specialist  Evening Shift
Webindex: 68709071
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: We are seeking a naturally confident, reliable Presentation Creator, to join a new team based in key locations across the UK working a variety of fixed shift patterns. Our client who is one of the global Big 4 Accountancy firms that constantly features in the Top 10 Best Companies to work for. You will find challenging opportunities in an environment that recognises and rewards exceptional performance. This role is not for someone who is looking to express their creative flair as you would be working to strict Marketing rules and brand guidelines. The role, based in Birmingham, will provide support to our client globally by generating and maintaining presentations. Duties will include the following: ? Assist project teams and consultants with the creation/ visual interpretation of concepts and key messages in branded documents ? Identify and initiate improvements to the design and execution of presentation graphics material ? Provide technical assistance and best practice guidance on branding to staff in the creation, layout and processing or amendment of company reports, documents, screen presentations, and other formats ? Proof read documents for typographical errors and inconsistencies in layout. The ideal candidate will need to have: ? Excellent attention to detail, communication and interpersonal skills, ? Experience of working with staff at all levels ? Good project/time management and problem solving skills ? Advanced technical skills in PowerPoint, Word, Excel, DTP and Acrobat ? Moderate to advanced technical skills with Visio, InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator is desirable ? Confident working with document scanning and OCR and PDF creation, manipulation and security ? Ideally experience in a similar role as a Presentation Creator or similar title ? Minimum 5 GCSEs or equivalent, including English grades AC. This is a fantastic Presentation Creator role, giving you the opportunity to join a team with a real buzz about it. For this twelvemonth assignment, you will be an integral part of the success of this team. The office is based within a minutes' walk of Birmingham Snow Hill and a 5 Minute walk from Birmingham Moor Street. Please Note: The hours of work are from 6pm to 2am with an hour break. The salary stated is inclusive of a 15% shift allowance due to the unsociable hours. You will also receive a **** daily food allowance and a taxi allowance up to the value of **** for your journey home. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PresentationSpecialistEveningShift_job****