Title: Associate Consultant  DC Team
Webindex: 69072282
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: An exceptional opportunity to develop your consultancy career within this market leading consultancy. Become an integral part of this DC focused team, providing key support to consultants whilst developing your knowledge and experience. With this role you will be responsible for developing and building client relationships, utilising your excellent communication and organisational skills to gain rapport and liaise with both internal staff and external clients. You will be the primary point of contact for clients, ensuring their needs and expectations are met and coordinate the overall service to agreed service levels. You will have to identify trends and developments in order to establish emerging client needs, whilst also converting additional business from current clients As a key figure in the department you will have to liaise with colleagues and clients to organise meetings and events, and also prepare budgets and forecasts You must have the ability to work unsupervised but also work fluently as part of a team, holding a flexible attitude while being analytical and solutions focussed. Experience within a pension environment either in advisory or administration capacity is essential with a background working knowledge of DC schemes also paramount. Good understanding of the design and implementation issues for defined contribution schemes is also a requirement. Ideally you will be educated to A Level standard or equivalent, and have the desire to progress and take on the responsibility for your own personal and professional development. We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent.Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.