Title: Pensions Administrator CoOrdinator
Webindex: 68678517
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: This is an excellent opportunity to join a market leader within the third party Pensions administration field, who are currently looking to recruit a proactive, experienced Pensions Administrator to join their busy team on a 6 month contract. Working on a high profile Defined Benefits scheme, this role is responsible for completing all aspects of administration; including retirement quotes, resolving queries, ensuring payments are received accurately, and liaising with IFAs to promote the business' products and service to the public. Plus, you will need to work in an organised and progressive manner, with the ability to prioritise work load, as well as ensuring all the files and records are up to date and checking the integrity of customer data. The ideal candidate will be ambitious, driven and confident of working in a high pressured environment. You will also have gained previous experience of Defined Benefit Pensions scheme administration and possess excellent customer service skills, as well as being an accurate and effective communicator, ideally with a GCSE (or equivalent) in Mathematics and English at Grade C or above. Plus, you will need to possess a basic understanding of Pension's administration  including industry regulations and current pension's legislation. In reward for your hard work, you will be rewarded with a generous basic salary and a benefits package that includes a stakeholder Pension Scheme, an annual discretionary Bonus, 23 days holiday and a fantastic flexible benefits scheme. PTM13019 Pensions Administrator is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PensionsAdministratorCoOrdinator_job****