Title: Commercial Property Casualty Underwriter, (Manchester)  ****
Webindex: 67779220
Company: Idex Consulting LLP
Description: Commercial Property Casualty Underwriter, (Manchester)  ****k  ****k  Package A large multinational insurer with genuine global reach is looking to appoint an experienced underwriter to focus on property and casualty risks. The Company This particular client is a highly respected specialist commercial insurer with offices throughout Europe and the rest of the world. They can boast an impressive range of products, solutions and services and are proud of their position as market experts as well as their incredibly sound financial footing. They have a strong appetite for writing commercial risks and have ambitious plans for sustainable growth in the regions. The Role You will be required to underwrite both new and existing business, with a focus on liability and construction insurance policies. You will negotiate, underwrite and process new business, renewals and midterm adjustments within your authority limits. You will also use your technical knowledge to answer queries from both clients and your colleagues. The Successful Applicant For your application to be considered, you must have previous experience in a commercial insurance underwriting position and will have good knowledge of a range of commercial insurance risks, with a focus on property and liability being preferred. Candidates will preferably come from a trading/development background and have the necessary character to communicate effectively and build solid relationships with brokers. Insurance qualification (or progress towards) would be advantageous, though not essential. Package The successful applicant will be offered a competitive salary and excellent company benefits. Please visit www.idexconsulting.com for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.