Title: Credit Analyst (London)
Webindex: 67018504
Company: Barclays Corporate
Description: About Barclays Barclays moves, lends, invests and protects money for customers and clients worldwide. With over 300 years of history and expertise in banking, we operate in over 50 countries and employ over **** people. We provide large corporate, government and institutional clients with a full spectrum of solutions to their strategic advisory, financing and risk management needs. Our clients also benefit from access to the breadth of expertise across Barclays. We re one of the largest financial services providers in the world, and are also engaged in retail banking, credit cards, corporate banking, and wealth and investment management. For further information about Barclays, please visit our website www.barclays.com Department Overview This role is part of UK Corporate Operations. With a global footprint, we provide dedicated support to our clients and coverage colleagues through our strategic middle and back office capabilities. UK Corporate Operations is divided in to ****ey specialisms; Client Servicing, Middle Office amp; Lending Operations, Sales amp; Trade Finance Operations, Operational Change Management, Internal Control amp; Global Payments. This role sits within our Middle Office amp; Lending Operations division. Working in partnership with our colleagues in Client Coverage, the main function of Middle Office is to provide industry leading pre amp; post sanction Credit Analysis support as well as Monitoring amp; Control, Client Onboarding amp; Case Management support. Main Function Of The Job Own the daytoday credit relationship for a nominated portfolio of customers; Use expertise and judgement to make recommendations to the Relationship Director regarding credit issues for these customers Main Duties amp; Responsibilities Provision of information on a customer s business via research, using various sources e.g. trade journals / brokers reports / Internet / Bloomberg and rating agencies. Deliver professional advice on risk management matters, industry and product sets, competitor activity and the timely involvement of external specialists. Develop highly thought out, top quality credit analysis and solutions, with the view to obtaining credit approval from Credit Sanctioners/Credit Committees Be a point of contact for credit management purposes for customers, accountants, solicitors and other professionals. The preparation of credit proposals for recommendation and presentation directly to the Sanctioner and/or Committee on behalf of the Relationship Point. Creation/verification of customer grading and severity, ensuring the optimal use of financial modelling and grading tools. Responsible for the first class analysis of financial information produced by customers. Person Requirements Our ideal candidate will have gained a sound experience from within a Credit Risk environment. Knowledge of facility documentation, securities and corporate banking would be an asset to the candidate. As a minimum requirement, we would expect Superb knowledge of the credit analysis process across the Corporate Banking sphere. Highly analytical and strong numeracy skills. Very decisive and ability to reason decisions through Strong internal and external networking Able to work to tough deadlines in a pressure environment Strong initiative, strong intellect, adaptable and innovative  producing a practical and pragmatic approach .