Title: Rent Advisor
Webindex: 68407358
Company: Cartrefi Cymunedol Gwynedd
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION JOB TITLE: Rent Advisor RESPONSIBLE PAY SCALE: ****  ****EY OBJECTIVES  To April 2013: Prepare tenants for changes to their Housing Benefits  From April 2013: Rent recovery activities concentrating on tenants new to paying their rent  To October 2013: Prepare tenants for the Universal Credit  From October 2013: Rent recovery activities concentrating on tenants moving onto Universal Credit KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  Prepare tenants for Housing Benefit changes in April 2013 and Universal Credit in October 2013  Engage tenants facing change on a one to one basis – Questionnaire, use information sharing tools, explain situation.  Help tenants with basic budget planning – complete simple Income and Spending template to demonstrate whether rent is affordable  Work with tenants to provide a range of rent payment options – discover what suits the tenant – Direct Debit, payment card etc ,  Active signposting of tenants to basic bank account and other banking services  Ensure the tenant receives their payment cards, hand delivering where possible.  Remind tenants of imminent rent payments – delivering notices and letters as appropriate  Chase missed rent payments as soon as possible after the due date – using methods such as visits, texts and letters  P rovid e capacity to other teams to deal with solutions to Welfare Reform issues e.g. support for Mutual Exchanges  A nalyse tenant information on Academy to identify tenancies at variou s risk levels from the change from Welfare Reform .  To use data/information and liaise with members of t he Income Management Team to seek correlation between tenants likely to be adversely affected by Welfare Reform and those tenants already struggling to pay their rents .  To attend Tenant events such as Hwyl yr Wyl to raise awarenes s of changes to Welfare Benefits .  To engage with tenants most at risk to identify options they have to help themselves.  To encourage tenants to suggest solutions to their benefit deficit.  To support tenants to action any choices they may make to help themselves.  To be a member of the team created to mitigate the risk to CCG from Welfare Reform. No job description can cover every issue, which may arise within the post at various times and the jobholder is expected to carry out other duties as requested from time to time. PERSON SPECIFICATION Rent Advisor Essential/ Desirable QUALIFICATIONS Good standard of education, minimum to GCSE level (including M aths and English) or equivalent. E Basic IT qualification D Experience, Knowledge, Understanding Experience of general admin duties. E Ability to work to deadlines and deal with a high volume of work. E Experience of dealing with a number of priorities at the same time . E Experience in working in a customer services environment D Able to deal with diversity within the customer base and to effectively meet the needs of both chall enging and vulnerable customers. E Able to learn and use welfare benefit and housing legislation E Good knowledge of tenant profiling and tenant Insight D SKILLS AND ABILITIES Previous experience of using Academy Housing system and Microsoft Office packages (Word, Excel, Access, Outlook and Powerpoint ) . D Previous experience of analysing and interpreting data . E Good time management skills E Good attention to detail skills E Good numeric skills E Ability to create innovative solutions to meet tenants’ situation D Able to work alone out in the community E COMPETENCIES Team working Plays a positive role within the team, regularly helping others E Able to build good team relationships with other team to enable flow of information and knowled ge E Communication Regularly communicates and shares information with individuals and within the team E Actively listens and is prepared to question in order to understand and gain clarity. Shares knowledge and understanding with others in an appropriate manner E Customer Focus Seeks out and acts on customer’s feedback and focuses on developing and achieving customer satisfaction E Anticipates changes in customer needs and will pro actively introduce improvements to exceed expectations E Safety Understands the importance of working safely and accurately within standards, process and procedures. E Language The ability to speak and write fluently in both Welsh and English E The ability to motivate yourself to work, and the ability to work under pressure E The ability to contact customers and communicate clearly with them E