Title: QA Specialist
Webindex: 68699389
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: The role of the Quality Assurance Specialist is to work with the Senior Quality Assurance specialist to coordinate control monitoring / quality assurance element of European Controllers office within the operational risk and internal control framework across the Finance function across all Regional entities within Europe. Your responsibilities will include:  Evaluating operational risk and control management effectiveness in Finance functions across the region, ensuring compliance with Group Operational Risk framework and Global Finance.  Taking part in reviews to ensure that minimum standards of internal control exist. Acting as Finance control support for smaller sites, drawing on SMEs (Subject Matter Experts) based in functional departments.  Documenting visi  Experience working in relevant environment/s, i.e. Financial Control within a Bank.  Role relevant qualifications, i.e. Qualified or part qualified accountant.  Past working experience in a relevant role, i.e. Internal control.  Availability to undertake the travel required for this role i.e. must have the ability to travel within Europe  Experience working in relevant environment/s, i.e. Internal and External Audit is desirable but not essential The PQE identified on this advertisement is a guide only and does not preclude applications from those with more or less PQE. Global Banking Institution Competitive package ****k Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QASpecialist_job****