Title: COMMERCIAL INSURANCE ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE  VARIOUS SE LOCATIONS
Webindex: 66889014
Company: Clark James Ltd
Description: Clark James Insurance Recruitment are a leading specialist recruiter within Insurance covering the South East of the UK, we are well connected and respected by clients and able to make sure your CV gets noticed by the right decision makers. We currently have excellent opportunities in the Hertfordshire, London, Essex and Kent areas with a very prestigious and well know specialist commercial broker. We are looking for motivated, hungry and proven new business Commercial Account Executives / Development Execs who have a successful history and track record in procuring and developing new business and clients. You will be assisted with lots of warm leads as well as coming up with your own prospects but the ideal candidate will be good at networking. You will also be able to look after some of these new clients on a long term basis and some clients may be passed across for you to service. The company are particularly flexible about what business you would go after so you can very much work to your strengths and employ tried and tested methods that work for you. We are looking for candidates who demonstrate the product knowledge, sales skills and desire to maximise your earnings and add significant value to the business by growing the book. We appreciate most sales staff operate with a **** year covenant so your application will be more attractive if you genuinely have business to bring across after this period but again this is just the icing for the right person. It will not be a necessity to report to the office every day so due to the nature of this role we are happy to consider candidates living within the home counties and further out, initially you will spend time in the office familiarising yourself with the company and staff The basic salary will be **** to **** per annum plus serious commission earning potential, however for exceptional candidates with business to bring this is negotiable. Very realistic year one targets are only ****k per month which should be easily achievable once you have settled in. OTE will be up to **** Benefits include car allowance, mobile laptop etc. All applications will be dealt with in the strictest confidence as we are aware of the sensitivity of this kind of role so you can apply in confidence.