Title: Graduate Finance Administrator
Webindex: 69063122
Company: MTrec Recruitment
Description: The Company Our client is a highly prestigious privately owned business, forging a dynamic presence within the financial services sector. You will be joining a corporate structure where you will receive industry leading training and development as well as structured development programme where you will progress into a Senior Administrator role. The Role Providing records to support research undertaken by team of financial professionals. Accurately prepare suitability reports. Organising future planning meetings and initiating review meetings with clients. Creation, implementation and maintenance of systems and procedures within a legislationled / compliance framework. Accurately record and maintain client personal, investment and transaction data within Data Protection FSA Guidelines and to ensure all corresponding data records are completed within appropriate timescales. Motivated to provide the highest quality service to clients through the provision of accurate and timely information; The filing of paper and electronic files in accordance with company agreed standards to ensure they can be accessed and/or retrieved in an efficient manner. Ensure the business offers prompt and effective written and verbal communication with internal and external contacts in line with company service level agreements. Build and maintain positive working relationships with colleagues and external contacts. Any other work of an administrative nature or project work to ensure the smooth running of the business, including providing support for and to other Administrators. The Person You will be of Graduate calibre and looking for a career path within the financial services sector. Highly numerate, and you will have probably studied a finance/accountancy related degree subject. Highly motivated and looking to progress your career. Highly competent in the full suite of office products and possess excellent general PC skills. Possess excellent report writing skills. You will possess a mature outlook and you will be able to achieve objectives with the minimum of supervision. Ability to work well within a growing team, have a flexible approach and a ‘cando’ attitude. You must be based within Cheshire or able to commute to the Knutsford area on a daily basis. To apply please contact Victoria Rendles on **** **** or victoria.rendlesmtrec.co.uk