Title: Strategic Fleet Finance Manager
Webindex: 69779347
Company: RBS Group
Description: Founded in **** to hire out rolling stock to the railways, Lombard has grown to become a major subsidiary within The Royal Bank of Scotland Group and the number one asset finance provider in the UK. Today we provide a full portfolio of financing solutions for a whole lot more than rolling stock. Vehicles, vessels, aircraft, machinery and technology are now performing tasks essential to the functioning of all sorts of businesses thanks to the services we provide. With offices throughout the UK, Lombard is able to make the best use of local knowledge to deliver the highest standards of customer service. With the same objective in mind we aim to hire the best people, best placed to form and maintain long lasting and profitable relationships with our clients. As a Strategic Fleet Finance Manager, you ll report to the Director, SFF Portfolio, working alongside the Head of Strategic Fleet Finance and the Unit s Relationship Directors. You ll be involved in new business negotiations for both existing and mainstream clients. Because you ll oversee the production of all credit risk submissions, you d need to maintain a comprehensive monitoring and control framework for the SFF portfolio. This includes MI, audited accounts, covenants (Financial and Fleet), security valuations, credit reviews, new business analysis, external and internal risk reporting. Additionally, you ll conduct assessments of portfolio management strategies and develop new marketing opportunities, as well as forecast financial modelling for the yearly budgeting processes. To be successful as a Strategic Fleet Finance Manager, you ll need to have advanced knowledge of MS Excel, Word, PowerPoint and a working knowledge of other financial models / portfolio management / relationship management tools. It would also be advantageous for you to have accountancy experience. In return, we offer one of the most innovative and competitive salary packages you ll find in the financial services industry. Whatever your circumstances, you ll find a combination of benefits that come together to fit your lifestyle where you ll have the opportunity to take an extra 30% in addition to your basic salary as a mix of cash and/or benefits which could include healthcare, insurance and a pension plan, to childcare, training courses or more free time to live your life. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken.