Title: Annuities Payments Team Manager
Webindex: 72440196
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: A recognised industry leader in the UK Insurance and Retirement markets is currently recruiting for an experienced Team Manager to join the business and lead its Annuities Payments Administration team on a permanent basis Within this role, the incumbent will be responsible for leading and supporting the team in achieving their administration targets on behalf of customers. More specifically, the role will include:  Managing and developing the team to meet the needs and ensure fair treatment of annuity customers; including maintaining standards of volume, turnaround, quality of customer communication, and also ensuring that cover is maintained on a daytoday basis to meet the work demands by use of holiday rules, working time priorities and team work with other team leaders.  Proactively contribute to business area planning; including succession planning and the setting of objectives, and ensuring that team efforts are aligned to the overall department goals.  Allocating work within the team, and monitoring Management Information to highlight and respond appropriately to changes in performance / service levels.  Recruit, Train, Develop and Motivate individuals within a team in areas such as Productivity, Quality and Behaviours. Regularly measure these areas and set training when required.  Ensuring the team is maintaining competence with internal and FSA TCF guidelines and requirements The successful applicant for this role will hold similar experience of managing large teams of staff completing the administration of Annuities on behalf of its customers. Candidates should also have in depth Annuities and/or Pensions product knowledge. In addition, other key competencies required includes:  Excellent planning and organisation skills.  Communicates in a clear and fluent manner appropriate to the listener.  Good analysis and problem solving skills.  Must be results orientated and customer focused.  Good team leadership  provides direction, encouragement, support and motivation to team members, and leads by example.  Be able to recognise and suggest mitigation and, where possible, removal of risks.  Excellent telephone communication and interpersonal skills essential. Must be able to speak confidently with customers (IFAs and Annuitants). In return, this role offers a competitive salary, excellent benefits (including a discretionary bonus, PMI, PHI and company Pension scheme), and the opportunity to work within a renowned Global brand. PTM130154  Annuities Payments Team Manager is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AnnuitiesPaymentsTeamManager_job****