Title: Senior Finance Analyst
Webindex: 66552845
Company: CMC Consulting Limited
Description: Our client, an international blue chip organisation and household name is currently looking to recruit a Senior Finance Analyst providing detailed financial and analytical support and challenge to drive strategic growth across the business unit. You will take a lead in supporting the division's account negotiations and ensuring the financial models and processes are understood across the business. Key responsibilities will include supporting the creation, analysis and decision support of specific business unit activity; lead the finance support for the sales and operations team, performing periodic analysis of commercial activity, leading finance workstream on business projects. The ideal candidate will be a qualified accountant with strong commercial experience within a blue chip environment. You will have excellent communication and influencing skills and be looking to join an organisation that will provide unrivalled career development. Senior Finance Analyst, London, ****  ****  Car  Benefits Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website http://www.cmcconsulting.co.uk We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case. Our client, an international blue chip organisation and household name is currently looking to recruit a Senior Finance Analyst providing detailed financial and analytical support and challenge to drive strategic growth across the business unit. You will take a lead in supporting the division's account negotiations and ensuring the financial models and processes are understood across the business. Key responsibilities will include supporting the creation, analysis and decision support of specific business unit activity; lead the finance support for the sales and operations team, performing periodic analysis of commercial activity, leading finance workstream on business projects. The ideal candidate will be a qualified accountant with strong commercial experience within a blue chip environment. You will have excellent communication and influencing skills and be looking to join an organisation that will provide unrivalled career development. Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website http://www.cmcconsulting.co.uk We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.