Title: Heritage Savings and Investment Product Manager
Webindex: 68688193
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: Exciting opportunity for an experienced Heritage Savings and Investment Product Manager to join a large Financial Services company in Central London. The successful candidate will be responsible for ensuring the heritage savings and investment products meet financial requirements and operate in line with the product terms and conditions and meet customer expectations. Responsibilities include;  Responsible for the product performance of 'heritage' (ie those products closed to new business) savings and investment products globally.  Owns and directs the process of carrying out product reviews for all heritage savings and investment products.  Conducts heritage product reviews at appropriate time intervals.  Identifies areas where product is not delivering against a) customer and b) FPI expectations. Is responsible for ensuring remedial action is recommended and taken  Ensures any identified areas of weakness are fed back to savings and investment product managers for awareness in future product developments.  Provides content for core heritage product literature (where required) for business still open to top up's. Required skills and experience;  Strong knowledge and understanding of the heritage FPI savings and investment product range.  Good understanding of the financials of Life insurance and in particular the metrics around cash generation and profitability.  Strong problem solving and analytical abilities  Ability to solve complex problems, propose alternative solutions, explore new ways, etc.  Can demonstrate originality evidence of pushing boundaries.  Ability to communicate with all levels of management.  Ability to work in a core team to 'get the job done', whilst also being able to drive forwards on own where appropriate.  Strong attention to detail.  Confidence, credible and able to effectively put points across  Can demonstrate drive and resilience.  Ideally educated to Degree level (or equivalent) We would prefer all applications to be submitted online but if this is not possible then please contact the resourcing team This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeritageSavingsandInvestmentProductManager_job****