Title: PT Payroller (requires practice or bureau experience)
Webindex: 70757648
Company: Prospect Recruitment Ltd
Description: The Firm: My client has a small team of professional payroll staff who provide payroll and related services for a large number of clients, spanning a wide range of industries including companies large and small. The offices are modern, smart and easily accessible. Staff morale is good and the turnover is very low indeed. The Role: You will be working as part of this small team, liaising with clients, colleagues, HMRC in order to provide accurate and timely payroll services. It is hoped that your experience goes beyond basic compliance and processing but that you can help advise clients. Where needed, there will be experienced colleagues who can advise regarding more complex matters including a personal tax team. The Candidate: Experience gained within a multiclient environment is essential; you should be working in or have previously worked within the payroll team of a firm of accountants or a payroll bureau. Knowledge of developments within payroll is useful including RTI The staff are friendly, professional and welcoming confirmed by feedback from my previous recruits for the firm. Those with some form of professional payroll qualification would be ideal however those with experience only will be considered equally. Study support and further development may be offered as part of the package for the right individual. Thank you for viewing this vacancy. Please rest assured that all applications are reviewed by an experienced consultant at Prospect Recruitment Ltd. Regrettably, due to the high volume of applications we receive, only those we feel are suitable for this role or alternative vacancies will be contacted by us. Please apply now for further information. We represent positions in the following disciplines: Accountancy, Audit, Taxation, Insolvency, Corporate Finance and Business Recovery. More information is available at prospectrecruitment