Title: Operations Executive for Private Arabic Bank
Webindex: 69996685
Company: RITZ RECRUITMENT
Description: Our client, a central London based private bank is expanding the UK branch so are urgently seeking an experienced Operations Executive to support the Infrastructure/Ops team. The Operations team provides the middle and back office functions for the branch including customer services (tellers and processing team) facilities, IT support and accounts. You will be providing a cashiering service to the banks clients, balancing the till at the end of each day, processing client transactional paperwork and providing support to Treasure Operations overseas. Core responsibilities for this position are as follows: Teller Activities: . Sterling/foreign cashiering . Point of sale . Special presentations . Pay in (Outward clearing) . Issuance of cheque books . Issuance of drafts . Safe custody Clearing Activities: . Inward Cheque clearing (processing) . Processing direct debits Account Activities: . Preparing account opening/closing/amendment input instructions . Issuance of Electron Debit Cards . Arranging/amending/cancelling standing orders . Arranging set up/breaks of fixed deposits . Inputting and/or verifying transactions on the system . Processing daily transactions between the Head Office Treasury and the branch. You will also be coordinating customer treasury activities overseas, arranging, sterling and currency remittances, arranging set up of and payment of regular client bills and scanning transactions to Branch Office team overseas for input. Successful candidates MUST have good numeracy skills, thorough knowledge of retail banking products gained through a proven track record in a similar role (24 years experience), good working knowledge of SWIFT, intermediate Word and Excel skills as well knowledge of FSA money laundering requirements. Fluency in Arabic or Farsi is desirable. This is a very busy environment so you will need to be able to ?hit the ground` running and be selfsufficient. In addition you will possess excellent interpersonal/verbal skills, a positive ?can do` attitude combined with a flexible approach to the tasks required and be immaculately presented, as you will be at the front line in dealing with High Net Worth Middle Eastern clients. In return for your hard work you will receive a fantastic benefits package including 25 days holiday (depending on level), IFSTL, a pension scheme, discretionary bonus  more If you fit the above criteria and are available immediately please forward your CV now Ritz Rec (Emp Agy) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OperationsExecutiveforPrivateArabicBank_job****