Title: FINANCE BUSINESS ANALYST Central London
Webindex: 69537182
Company: Capital Strategy Associates
Description: ALT****  FINANCE BUSINESS ANALYST Central London Our Central London based Legal and Employment / Personal Injury specialising client is looking to appoint an experienced FINANCE BUSINESS ANALYST to their professional team. THE JOB Reporting directly to the FM, the FBA will directly support and provide hands on financial analysis and support to a primary non financial department with responsibility for monitoring performance, management report production, and analysis, as well as improving efficiency and the long and shortterm profitability of the department. Duties Production of the monthly Management Information, providing commentary and critical analysis on performance and areas for improvement, along with information relating to Contact Centre, Private Client and Legal department. Preparation of relevant monthly performance report to COO/CFO/Chief Executive. Attendance at relevant meetings Candidate will be expected to make suggestions on how to deal with areas of underperformance once fully integrated in to the role. Adhoc analysis of the department s statistics by individual, location, work type and client. Analysis of average fees per file/work type and develop targets for case intake to tie into budget. Production of the annual budgets. Forecasting of expected financial performance over the next 3 years to be included in the annual business plan. Analysis of performance against set objectives as identified in the business plan. Financial modelling in respect of any proposed restructuring. Providing business cases in the respect of any additional recruitment. Providing individual performance information to be used when making bonus proposals, along with checking final data used in the final calculations. Assist in the setting of bonus model pre the budgeting rounds. Production of secretarial performance reports. THE PERSON Key organisational relationships The FBA s role will require a close working relationship with the heads and members of all other departments, and will be expected to work closely with staff at all levels. In particular, a strong working relationship with all department Principal Lawyers and the FM will be required. Some travel to regional offices may be required to facilitate meetings with key personnel. Key Skills The right candidate should be able to demonstrate the following skills:  Ability to work on their own initiative, taking the lead in identifying areas of the business which require investigation. Excellent MS office skills including advanced Excel. Proven experience in a management information/analyst environment. Strong interpersonal skills. Enthusiastic and proactive attitude towards work. Close attention to detail. Ability to work through problems logically and creatively in order to find the most appropriate solution. Excellent organisational skills. The ability to prioritise work and adjust to changes in workload is essential. CIMA or ACCA qualification is desirable. Legal sector or Elite systems experience will also be an advantage. THE OFFER A salary of ****k to ****k is on offer, dependent on skills, qualifications and experience. Due to the unprecedented volume of response we are currently receiving, regrettably, we are unable to respond to every application individually. If you have not heard back from us in 5 days, please assume your application has been unsuccessful, however your details will be entered on our database and we will be in contact when a suitable opportunity arises. In respect of the above advert, CS Associates is acting as a recruitment agency