Title: Accidental Damage Motor Claims Team Leader
Webindex: 67211250
Description: Accidental Damage Motor Claims Team Leader Leading insurance company with a strong presence in the UK motor insurance market who specialise is niche motor cover with their strong market knowledge and experience; they are able to create highly targeted products for the whole motor insurance industry. Due to their continued growth and success, they are currently seeking **** Accidental Damage Claims Team Leaders to join their busy team in Essex. SUMMARY OF ROLE: Working in a growing, busy office environment, you will be leading and developing a team of AD claims handlers. Managing the performance of this team to ensure productivity, quality and customer service goals are maximised. You will work in partnership with other Team Leaders in communicating and making agreed change happen across the Motor Claims Unit as a whole to support the achievement of business goals. You will also work closely with Technical Experts to develop your team to deliver a high level of performance to achieve those goals. ROLE PURPOSE:  You'll be leading, motivating and developing a team to perform and achieve business results.  You will ensure that your team has the required skills to achieve claims handling and other performance targets, providing coaching and support to address any shortfalls.  You'll be agreeing performance objectives and development plans for your team and actively managing the contribution of your team using key performance indicators.  You will be responsible for ensuring that the team is appropriately resourced at all times to maximise delivery of the defined levels of customer service and claims handling.  As a Team Leader you will also resolve referred customer and claim related issues in a manner which maximises customer and company satisfaction. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:  Previous leadership experience in an AD claims environment is essential.  Be able to understand and guide handlers with repair, total loss and recovery claims in line with claims practices, procedures and philosophies.  Contribute to and ensure direct reports work within agreed processes in order to deliver the business plan  Measure direct reports performance against KPI's and SLA's.  Provide support to the Supervisor/Manager and ensure delivery of performance of direct reports in line with departmental requirements and in identifying inefficiencies with processes and procedures and implement changes to achieve improvement  Manage, motivate, deliver, set & monitor objectives of direct reports within the AD Team in order for them to carry out their responsibilities and meet agreed service and performance targets  Undertake regular performance reviews with team members against key targets and objectives in order to identify business and personal developmental needs  Ensure compliance to company reserving and payment philosophy.  Handle team technical referrals on a daily basis  Authorise cheques in an accurate and timely manner, maintaining volume and cheque return data.  Develop and maintain relationships with key suppliers and Third Party agents, to include the interpretation of MI, and identifying/resolving issues not requiring escalation.  Handle complaints in line with FSA/Company guidelines and timescales and adhere to FSA, TCF and Data Protection Regulations  Know, understand and apply the principles of TCF, and report any potential area of risk to your line manager  Complete audits on team members and put development plans in place to address training needs  Develop teams technical knowledge KEY SKILLS & KNOWLDGE:  Demonstrates excellent communication and organisational skills  Demonstrates good leadership skills  Strong customer service and resolution skills  Ability to mentor and train  Demonstrates a full understanding and ability to implement delivery of department KPI's and SLA's  Full AD experience in dealing with Repair, Total Loss and Recovery claims Ideally candidates will be able to demonstrate a working knowledge and experience gained within a similar environment. The company offers excellent benefits and fantastic opportunities for personal and career development