Title: Assistant Account Executive
Webindex: 70758530
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Assistant Account Executive Leicester Up to **** An exciting opportunity has been announced for **** Assistant Account Executives to join a successful, expanding Commercial Insurance Team. The Role This is a key role within the business working as part of a team with the Account Executives to develop and build a profitable portfolio of clients, broking commercial insurance. Working to agreed targets you will deliver high standards of customer service to key clients and manage a book of renewals. You will provide concise correspondence, answer queries and maintain up to date accurate records. You will be responsible for issuing policy documentation, updating clients on new products and services, dealing with claims and outbound sales calls to arrange appointments for the Account Executives. The Company Our client is a Commercial Insurance specialist who offers tailormade solutions to their customers and maintains excellent customer service levels throughout the business. They invest in their employees and support individuals who wish to achieve their Cert CII and advanced qualifications. The Benefits You will receive a basic salary up to **** depending on experience as well as a company pension on qualification. You will also be able to work towards a quarterly bonus. Free parking available on site. The Person For your application to be considered, you must have recent experience within a Commercial Insurance Sales Role or Account Handling role. Knowledge of General Commercial Insurance is required; however we will consider applications from individuals with Personal Lines experience if a proven sales record can be demonstrated. Successful candidates will have excellent communications skills and the ability to make their own decisions, including a desire to succeed as this role will involve making a large number of sales calls each day. Insurance qualification would be advantageous. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful