Title: Analyst  Private Equity  Infrastructure  London
Webindex: 64527595
Company: Circle Square Talent
Description: This is an investment role for one of the worlds leading Private Equity Infrastructure Funds and has over $****bn of assets under management. Their core focus is Transport, Energy and Utilities and their footprint is worldwide. They have gone from strength to strength and have demonstrated an exceptional track record. Their track record is demonstrable in that they have consistently delivered industryleading returns to their investors. The role Duties and Responsibilities:  Research, write and present industry primers to identify potential areas of investment focus;  Monitor existing investments under management in private equity funds including completing quarterly reviews of individual funds and underlying portfolio company reviews;  Create and present portfolio level analysis and performance metrics;  Build and update valuation models on potential acquisitions;  Prepare detailed memorandums (e.g., investment screening and approval memos);  Participate in due diligence sessions and review legal documentation;  Assist with research on targeted investments;  Interact with senior executives at private equity firms in order to obtain information on existing and prospective investments;  Complete adhoc assignments as necessary. Key Requirements Must have **** to 4 years exposure having started your career in a Bank or more latterly being focused on Private Equity. Infrastructure experience is essential. You may already work on the buyside. Must be fluent in an additional European language Circle Square Talent is a leading recruiter of Private Equity professionals within the UK. Our consultants have a combined pedigree of 125 years of dealing with Private Equity professionals in London and Europe. We supply Analysts, Associates, VPs and Directors and MDs in Private Equity. Our specialist sectors cover:   Healthcare  Private Equity professionals;  FIG (Financial Institutions Group)  Private Equity professionals;  TMT (Technology, Media and Telecoms)  Private Equity professionals;  Consumer  Private Equity professionals;  Real Estate and Infrastructure  Private Equity professionals;  Natural Resources  Private Equity professionals;  Oil  Energy, Utilities & Power and related sub sectors including Infrastructure & Transport.  Debt Restructuring  Fund Placement and Private Placements