Title: Finance Anaylst
Webindex: 68692671
Company: James Recruitment
Description: Finance Analyst  Business **** Surrey  Cobham Our client a leading insurance company who provide personal insurance products such as motor, home and travel to customers are currently seeking a graduate with some experience in finance looking for an opportunity to progress within an international company. The role As part of the Finance team, the purpose of your role will include: Production of accurate and timely analysis detailing the financial performance of individual products and collective performance against key performance targets. Supporting the business in the overall provision of financial management expertise and Partner performance reviews. Working with key stakeholders in the business to review performance and deliver rapid and informed decisionmaking and inputs to the planning process. Additional accountabilities will include: Support the production of relevant partner performance packs accurately and within agreed timescales to provide understanding on the account performance. Work with key stakeholders in business to review performance and deliver rapid and informed decisionmaking and inputs to the planning process. Analyse performance against KPIs relevant to business metrics. Provide support and partnering to the business to drive performance and development. Monitor product performance and provide effective analysis to business stakeholders. Skills, knowledge and behaviour Education:If you do not hear from us within seven days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. We may however keep your details on file for any suitable future vacancies and contact you accordingly. ****:1 Degree or above ACA, CIMA or ACCA qualification  our client is also willing to pay for further education if you do not possess these Apply now for an interview James Recruitment is an employment consultancy and operates as an equal opportunities employer. 'Recommend a Friend' Due to the demand for high calibre professional candidates we have introduced a recommend a friend incentive scheme. This scheme will reward the introduction to James Recruitment of an individual, either directly or indirectly. Should this individual find permanent employment through the use of our services and remain in that position for at least 3 months, we will thank you with a reward of **** of retail vouchers. This scheme is open to both candidates and clients. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAnaylst_job****