Title: Head of Business Modelling and Analysis
Webindex: 71621288
Company: Reed Finance
Description: The Role:  Develop, improve and support spread sheet models or other interim systems solutions before longterm solutions are adopted, in suitable business systems to ensure the smooth operation of the existing business and successful launch of business initiatives.  Assist in Project management of the development of ECMS and TMS on an ongoing basis and maintaining them on an ongoing basis.  Develop other business and financial models and provide quantitative analysis as required by the company to support business functions.  Reviewing and validation of quantitative models and analysis used by the business including challenging the key inputs and methodologies adopted.  Champion the best practices in modelling and using spreadsheet across the company to mitigate modelling risks  Collect, compile, verify, and analyse financial, competitive and other business information about potential business partners and business opportunities in support of business decisions, such as required by Customer TakeOn procedure.  Assist in production of regular and ad hoc reports including management reports, based on statistical analysis, models, and trend identification.  Assisting in risk management initiatives and ongoing activities to ensure an effective risk management system for the company. Further assist to ensure risk management policies, procedures and controls are up to date and fully implemented. The right candidate will have:  Experience in Energy industry background/ experience and analysis.  Graduated in a numerical or financial discipline.  Proven work experience in developing highly sophisticated business and financial models.  Previous experience with databases and statistical model.  Expertise in MS Excel and VBA.  Ability to work towards tight deadlines with close attention to detail.  Excellent reporting and presentation skills including preparation of executive briefings and press releases.  Strong interpersonal and communication skills Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business.