Title: Tax Planning Manager
Webindex: 71685101
Company: Hudson
Description: A highly reputable global Oil  Gas organization based in Aberdeen is looking to add to their Corporate team with a suitably experienced Tax Planning Manager. Our client is seeking a qualified Tax Manager for an exciting and challenging role  this employer enables you to make a real difference and offers exciting progression prospects. The role offers an excellent opportunity the Practice Senior Tax Managers who have seen it all, but not done it to develop your career into Industry. All the while, being given the time and space to become an integral team leader, under the guidance of a vastly experienced mentor  The Head of Tax. The candidate should be a logical, focused and hard working individual with excellent communication skills and a strong commitment to delivering timely completion of specific and measurable outputs. You will have good interpersonal coaching skills with good project management and analytical skills. Tax Planning:  Maintain and communicate up to date technical expertise across all direct and indirect taxes for the territories in which the Group has material holding structure and/or operational presence.  Continual testing of and where necessary improvement to the Group s structural and financing efficiency.  Maximisation of tax attributes and post cast tax results.  Identify, develop and lead implementation of low risk, robust and transparent opportunities, consistent with Group Tax Policies. Commercial Support:  Develop and embed deep internal commercial and professional firm networks.  Will be highly responsive to commercial drivers and demands.  Enhance Group competitiveness  Improve client satisfaction.  Ensure transparent and robust client and vendor contractual relationships.  Reduce operational tax costs/maximize post cash tax results. Compliance Assurance:  Ensuring that the product of all planning and commercial support is appropriately reflected in the relevant Group company accounts and tax fillings. Supporting Head of Tax in the development and implementation of Group Tax Policies:  Shared responsibility for implementation of Group Tax Policies as approved by the Board and Audit Committee Supervises: Supporting Tax Managers:  Providing technical guidance and project aimed at execution/completion of tax optimisation plans allocated to Tax Managers Working Partnership:  All members of the Group s Commercial, Legal and Finance functions delivering tax optimisation, compliance and accounting.  External advisers delivering tax optimisation and compliance. Education, skills and experience:  Degree level education  Internationally recognised Taxation or Accounting qualifications  Six to Eight years relevant post qualification experience in tax planning, covering multiple territories within a medium to large multinational corporate or professional organisation.  Demonstrable tax planning project management with clear examples of execution and completion of major multinational projects.  Commercial and corporate acumen underpinning ability to understand business driven opportunities quickly.  An assertive selfstarter and selfconfident person Given the opportunity to progress and work under the guidance of an experienced mentor, the role would be ideally suited to a fully qualified Senior Tax Manager, with 46 years experience in the position and is currently still working within Practice. To take advantage of this excellent opportunity and advance your career with this major player in the field please call Chris McGeechan on **** **** or email your CV as soon as possible to chris.mcgeechanjobs.hudson.com