Title: EMEA Finance Manager
Webindex: 66775437
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: McGinnis Loy Associates are proud to be working with a large US Business Services company who are both a leader in their field and very acquisitive by nature. They are now seeking two European Financial Accountants/Managers to be responsible for the accounting and statutory reporting for a number of European countries. Key duties include : Ensuring all statutory accounts comply with internal financial statements and tax requirements Producing internal monthly reports under US GAAP for specific European entities Coordinating with external country accountants on statutory obligations and tax matters. Liaison with the EMEA sales function to provide finance information on tenders and bid data Following established EMEAwide treasury procedures and taking responsibility for all bank mandates and guarantees in the specified countries Planning and managing the audits of all relevant entities with external accountants and audit partners. Ensuring robust controls are in place within the function, driving efficiencies and process improvements. Ensuring all Balance Sheet reconciliations are produced accurately and with minimal risk to the business. Building strong working relationships with colleagues in the EMEA region Participation in global finance initiatives to improve systems and reporting. Participation in Sarbanes Oxley compliance and audits. To succeed in this role you will need technically strong finance skills (under US GAAP) with experience in multiEMEA entity accounting and an understanding of European accounting rules regulations. Strong relationship building skills with nonfinance managers will be required, alongside a communication style to establish credibility within the business. You must have a European/Global mindset, be sensitive to cultural diversity and be a Qualified ACA, ACCA, CIMA Accountant or European equivalent. Whilst languages are not essential for the roles (French, Italian, Dutch), they would be an advantage to the business. The role will offer a base salary of up to **** depending on experience, 5% bonus, company pension scheme, healthcare scheme and 25 days holiday. To apply for the position, or for more information, please contact Leslie Fearn of McGinnis Loy Associates on N/A or via email lfearn N/A For other opportunities in Finance / Accounting or HR Services within London and the Thames Valley region, please visit our website at N/A McGinnis Loy Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy, in accordance with the Employment Agencies Act