Title: Financial Services Administrator (Life & Pensions)
Webindex: 68679840
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: This is an excellent opportunity to join a market leading, recognised Retirements organisation, who are currently looking to recruit a proactive, experienced Financial Services Administrator (with a background in the Pensions, Life and/or Retirements industry) to join their busy team on a permanent basis. Working on the company's expanding Protection, Retirements and Equity Release schemes, this role is responsible for completing all aspects of daytoday administration for their customers; including completing retirement quotes, resolving product queries, ensuring payments are received accurately, and liaising with IFAs to promote the business' products and service to the public. To ensure success in this role, you will need to work in an organised and progressive manner, with the ability to prioritise work load, as well as ensuring all the files and records are up to date and checking the integrity of customer data. The ideal candidate will be ambitious, driven and confident of working in a fast paced, high pressured environment. You will have gained previous experience of Financial Services administration (particularly from a Pensions or IFA background) and possess excellent customer service skills. You should be an accurate and effective communicator, ideally with a GCSE (or equivalent) in Mathematics and English at Grade C or above, and you will need to possess a basic understanding of administration in the UK Retirement market  including industry regulations and current pension's legislation. CII exams would also be advantageous to your application. In reward for your hard work, you will be rewarded with a generous basic salary and a benefits package that includes a stakeholder Pension Scheme, an annual discretionary Bonus, 23 days holiday and a fantastic flexible benefits scheme. PTM130132 Financial Services Administrator (Life Pensions) is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, tied advisors, employee benefits, Compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialServicesAdministratorLifePensions_job****