Title: Account Handler / Sales Executive
Webindex: 68694335
Company: Anderson Scott Solutions
Description: Account Handler/ Sales Executive Telford Permanent  ****k plus bonus Key Responsibilities To handle a portfolio of small and medium sized clients.Administering client accounts.Collating information and preparing reports.To provide a quality service to clients covering all aspects of their insurance arrangements; to advise, arrange and secure the appropriate cover at a competitive premium. Calculating and delivering insurance cover and premiums Cross selling an upselling policies the company may require Negotiating and securing business Take instructions relating to the provision of insurance cover from clients. Liaise with insurance providers. Check policy documents, (including endorsements) for accuracy Handle the invoicing of premiums due throughout the life of policy. Ensure that files are diarised on the company computer system To maintain effective credit control in respect of allocated clients Processing correspondence, invoicing, quotations, midterm adjustments Obtaining quotations and arranging cover. Verifying documentation and endorsements. Preparation of renewal reports and new business quotations Skills Required Be able to apply own judgement and experience when making decisions or giving advice to clients, including when to refer to an alternative appropriate expert. Highly developed communication skills, both verbal and written, that are effective and meet business needs. Confident and effective telephone skills. A team player The ability to prioritise and organise own workload Ability to work under pressure and to deadlines when required Ability to work without supervision Must be computer literate, knowledge of Microsoft Office – Word, Excel, Outlook Minimum **** GCSE’s Grade C and over Insurance experience is advantageous. Although a minimum of 2 years B2B outbound calling is required. Please apply for this role by sending your CV to Anjna Mahey at Anderson Scott Solutions ltd. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountHandlerSalesExecutive_job****