Title: Accountant  Financial Reporting
Webindex: 71678095
Company: Endsleigh Insurance
Description: The Team: Joining a key corporate focused team in this Accounting role, you will be at the heart of our group reporting structure. Focusing on Group Management Reporting and Statutory Reporting you will work closely with the wider finance team. You will be ensuring that we have a robust control framework in place but also role modelling best practice accounting principles and expertise. In addition this is a great opportunity to take ownership of some key projects which will have broader commercial impacts. The Role: In this crucial Accountant role your immediate focus will be on Management Reporting, working closely with the team around you, analysing and providing commentary for month end management accounts for both the Board and senior management. You will be working with complex spreadsheets ensuring a highly commercial and robust accounting approach is achieved, as well as building integral relationships across the business. Statutory reporting will also come within your remit, overseeing audits and legal reporting requirements as well as FSA Regulatory reporting. A key focus will be continual improvement of processes and systems to increase efficiency within the team. The Person: As a qualified accountant you will have a commercial and pragmatic approach. Experience of working in a management reporting role in large finance team will be vital, ideally with exposure to audits and legal accounting. With excellent Excel skills you will have built complex spreadsheet models and be comfortable providing competitor analysis for business discussions. You will have the motivation and drive to see where improvements can be made as well as an innate focus on where the most value can be achieved. The Reward: As a growing team this is a great chance to broaden your experience and develop this role further through involvement in some exciting projects and increasing your exposure across the group. In addition to a competitive salary, we also offer you a fantastic benefits package which includes a Stakeholder Pension Scheme and Life Assurance as well as a number of additional benefits through our Flexible Benefits scheme.Our Head Office site also has excellent facilities including an onsite shop, various lunch and cafe options, gym and sporting facilities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountantFinancialReporting_job****