Title: Trainee Mortgage Advisor  East Midlands
Webindex: 19047429
Company: Brite Recruitment
Description: Are you a successful, results driven person? Are you looking to start a career in Financial Services? Are you looking for a fast paced, dynamic working environment? Our Client is proud to be an independent estate agent with an unbeatable local knowledge and reputation for excellent service. They have a mortgage advisor within each of their branches to accommodate their customer s needs. As a Trainee Mortgage Advisor, you will work closely with your team to learn and develop whilst achieving shared goals. In addition to this; You will have the determination to succeed in the Financial Services market. You will be capable of working effectively under pressure and in a target orientated environment. You will have the ability to successfully achieve your CeMap qualifications. You will be able to evaluate business at every opportunity. The company will offer a fantastic training programme as well as full funding for CeMap qualifications all within a supportive, team working environment. Once fully qualified, achievable progression thresholds are put in place with excellent earning potential. With a track record of successful sales abilities, preferably within an Estate Agency setting, suitable candidates will have: A drive and enthusiasm to work within the Financial Services market The ability to qualify applicants to advise on their purchasing abilities Excellent communication skills A professional and friendly approach Refined numerate abilities and an attention to detail A driving licence/own car Excellent computing skills You must be a self motivated, driven individual with the ability to be proactive with your own learning and development. You will have the ability to work successfully within a team whilst managing your own, individual work load. Organisational skills and a will to succeed are also a must. Belper, Ilkeston, Eastwood, Derby, Leicester, Mansfield, Melbourne, Ripley