Title: Fund Accountant SORP OEIC, Investment Bank
Webindex: 50679366
Company: Work Place Group
Description: Fund Accountant SORP OEIC, Investment Bank London The Role: Primarily responsible for the review of all components of interim and final accounts for a variety of funds and associated monthly reconciliation packs and compiling SORP for these funds Purpose Of Role: To prepare all components of interim and final accounts and associated monthly reconciliation packs for a variety of funds. Specific Duties: Data Processing Prepare accounts in SORP format with supporting schedules. Prepare corporation tax and income tax computations for insertion in the accounts and submission to Inland Revenue. Perform quarterly tax reviews to ensure reasonableness of taxation accrual. Reconciliation Prepare monthly reconciliation packs with supporting schedules. Proof read accounts for arithmetical and type setting accuracy and consistency. Communication Resolve review points highlighted by senior fund accountants and assistant manager and ensure they are kept informed of progress. Provision of liaison point with auditors, trustees and clients and be able to explain figures prepared to third parties. Establish and maintain good working relationships with clients and colleagues. Other Involvement in departmental adhoc projects. Involvement in the training and development of other team members as necessary. Make recommendations for changes to processes and procedures and prepare documentation for review as required. Administration Undertake appropriate housekeeping duties e. g. filing, archiving, operation of clean desk policy Training and Personal Development Work with Senior Fund Accountant / Asst. Manager to identify objectives at the start of each year and keep them up to date. Actively participate in the appraisal process by completing a selfevaluation and suggesting appropriate development. Take responsibility for personal development and training. Ideal background Specific Qualifications / Skills: Numeracy / Literacy skills PC literate and competent in use of spreadsheets and word processing  Accountancy or Business degree (preferred)  Obtained or studying towards obtaining a professional accountancy qualification would be advantageous  Previous experience of accounting for unit trusts, OEIC s or other collective investment schemes  Unit Trust and OEIC accounting experience  Compilation of retail fund accounts Fund Accountant SORP OEIC, Investment Bank London