Title: Business Controller
Webindex: 69545006
Company: Brewster McBride
Description: Brewster Mcbride are proud to be working exclusively with The Schenk Process group on a newly created job of Business Controller The Schenck Process Group is a global market leader in applied measuring and process technology, developing innovative solutions to be used in the cement, steel, chemicals, plastics, food, pharmaceuticals, mining, coalfired and alternative fuel power plants, transport and automation sectors. They are headquartered in Darmstadt, Germany with an unrivalled global network of operating companies in 22 countries, more than **** employees worldwide and global revenues of over 600 million Euro. Schenck Process UK has been established in the UK for over 30 years supplying high quality materials handling equipment to a wide variety of industries Due to continued growth and development Schenck Process UK are now looking to appoint a Business Controller with specific responsibility for Financial Planning and Analysis. As a key part of the finance team the role of Business Controller will report directly into the UK Finance Director and will have responsibility for the production of added value, meaningful and timely analysis of financial information. In particular there is a requirement for analysis of all large projects, including monitoring turnover recognition, project costs, contingencies, profit and detailed cash flow analysis. This role will also act as finance business partner to business managers in providing daytoday guidance and analysis. As well as producing financial analysis you will actively look for improvements to business processes and develop reporting procedures in conjunction with the financial reporting team. You will actively participate in business decisions including bidding for contracts and project handover and management. Applicants for this superb opportunity will be fully qualified accountants (ACMA, ACA or equivalent) with solid business controlling and management accounting experience gained in contract manufacturing or a similar commercial environment, ideally within a global company. A major project will be the implementation of SAP where you will play a lead role and provide post implementation support as a superuser for the Financial Controlling Module. Therefore applicants with SAP experience would be an advantage For this job you will also need advanced financial modelling, data manipulation and presentation skills including Excel and PowerPoint and the ability to work to conflicting demands and deadlines. The role is predominantly based in Doncaster but covers the Company's other UK sites including Thorne and Stroud. Some UK and international travel will be required.