Title: Deputy Information Manager
Webindex: 68694907
Company: Smiths News
Description: Role: Deputy Information Manager Location: Head Office, Swindon Salary: Circa **** dependent on skills and experience Hours: 37 hours per week The Role Smiths News is a marketing leading company and looking to continue its success by diversifying into new areas.In order to do this is essential that we have talented individuals at the heart of our business. We are looking to recruit a Deputy Information Manager within the HR Information Team at our head office in Swindon.As a HR team we have access to a wealth of information and your role will be key in ensuring that Managers and stakeholders get the most out of our systems to ensure that Smiths News PLC continue to expand. As a Deputy Information Manager your responsibilities will include: Maintenance and development of all HR systems including SAP and Success Factors in order to spot and solve potential problems before they become an issue. Providing user support to the immediate HR team and wider business to ensure that we are using the HR systems to their maximum potential. Providing a proactive response to systems users in order to promote the service of the HR information team. Managing the whole bonus payout process, from calculating, processing payments and letters across the Group. Managing the whole pay award process GPMU/Graded/Senior Managers, liaising across the group. SAP config and relevant letters. Analysing information to provide support and guidance to Managers across the Smiths News Group. Supporting the HR Information Manager on various payroll, systems and information projects. About You You will have had previous experience in a HR systems capacity with and knowledge of payroll would be an advantage but not essential. You will be used to working on your own initiative and as you will have one direct report, people management experience would also be an advantage. You will have a confident and assertive approach in order to liaise with and influence Senior Managers across the Smiths News group with a strong focus on customer service. You will have a proactive approach in order to spot and solve potential problems and an analytical mind in order to collect relevant data and provide logical options. You will also have established IT skills especially when using Excel in order to extract and format reports as and when required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeputyInformationManager_job****