Title: Quality and Risk Advisor
Webindex: 71111493
Company: Alexander Lloyd
Description: A well established IFA practice have an exciting opportunity for a Quality and Risk Analyst to join their organisation. The Role Working within a small and highly established Compliance team you will be responsible for the following duties:  Maintain a systematic, comprehensive scheme of file monitoring across the Network, in accordance with regulatory requirements  Undertake quality of advice reviews across all areas of the business and all AR firms, maintaining accurate records of trends and communicating them to the team within desired timescales  Undertake enhanced monitoring, risk assessment tasks and focused business reviews as per the needs of the business and/or instructions of the management team The Person  The right candidate will have Excellent knowledge of retail investment, savings, pension and protection products in the IFA sector, Strong knowledge of FCA rules and their interpretation/application. You will also have full FPCs and ideally working towards your or have the Level 4 Diploma. The Benefits This is an excellent opportunity for the right candidate to join a well established firm who are successfully expanding and looking to strengthen their compliance team. You will be rewarded with excellent company benefits and to work within a company who offer a good work/life balance outside of London. CSH**** Quality and Risk Analyst is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include employee benefits, compliance, pensions, group risk, paraplanners, sales support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from one of our consultants you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website URL removed for any other roles which may be of interest.