Title: Longevity Risk Statistician
Webindex: 68223843
Description: This is a great opportunity for a Qualified Statistician to join a household name in financial services. Our client provides financial services products across numerous markets  life, pensions, investments, mortgages etc and whilst in operation for over 100 years, they still strive to better themselves and keep ahead of the competition, recently being recognised for their IT/Web solutions. The Company: Our client is responsible for investing over **** billion worldwide and whilst established in the UK, also has growing operations in the USA, Netherlands, France, Egypt, India and The Gulf. This role is based within the Protection & Annuities Division, with the Annuities market being one of the fastest growing in the UK, this is a great time to join the business and with **** people working out of this office, they can offer excellent long term career opportunities. The Role: This is an exciting opportunity to join a successful and highly respected Longevity Risk Team. You will gain a range of new skills and experiences by working with a talented team of experienced and enthusiastic professionals including Actuaries, Statisticians and Research Scientists. You will produce, interpret and communicate mortality experience analyses. The main responsibilities include: Producing/updating regular analyses and models of annuitant mortality experience Liaising with internal customers to agree analysis requirements, timescales and methods in advance, and communicate results back via written reports Understand data sources and potential issues by liaising with programmers within and outside the Team Supporting the Longevity Risk Statisticians on various research projects Skills / Experience Required: Good communication skills are essential. You should be a Qualified Statistician and have experience of analysing large data volumes, as well as being highly proficient with Excel. You should also have experience of working in a commercial setting such as insurance or pharmaceuticals. Ideally you would also have experience of GLM and SAS, but these are not absolutely essential. Additional Information: The salary for this post is **** to **** with a competitive bonus structure, up to 15% pension, 25 days holiday, private healthcare and various share save schemes. The Statistician position is only one of many vacancies we are handling. ARC is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment and the Consultant handling this role has over 18 years experience in this field. Areas of expertise include employee benefits/group risk, compliance, pensions, flexible benefits, paraplanners, sales support, underwriters and IT related roles. We predominately focus on London and The Home Counties, although we have also been successful in offering national solutions and overseas. Do check the website and feel free to call at any time