Title: Trainee or Experienced Protection / Mortgage Advisors
Webindex: 72242155
Company: hunt4staff.com
Description: Our client is a long established dynamic financial services firm, offering financial planning services to a wide range of clients across England Wales. Due to expansion our client is looking for individuals who are interested in a career within the financial services sector. Our client is looking for established Protection / Mortgage Advisers as well as Trainees who wish to have a prosperous career within the financial services industry, this is also an excellent opportunity for those individuals wanting to achieve Diploma status. For those who have a strong sales background wish to pursue a new career within the financial services industry you will be trained as a Protection Advisor. You will be fully trained in providing excellent levels of customer service advice to a wide range of customers as well as full guidance on how to generate your own leads in addition to access to a significant client bank. This is an excellent opportunity for those individuals who enjoy a fast paced direct contact role with the ambition drive to achieve great things. Working within customers’ homes across the region, a full UK driving licence access to a suitable vehicle for work purposes is required. Full training advice is provided as well as guidance support with client generation for those who are already working in the industry. Working closely with the team you will utilise our client’s vast client bank to maximise sales develop your own portfolio (no cold calling as all leads are qualified or customers will be contacted for review purposes). You will be highly organised with excellent verbal written communication skills. The ideal candidate will possess the following skills and qualities: Hold an industry relevant qualification or demonstrable career in a face to face sales role. Have a confident manner be highly organised. Previous experience within a direct sales role is essential. Have a willingness to learn develop skills. Full UK driving licence access to a suitable vehicle for work purposes is essential. Salary and reward package: This is a selfemployed role, however, start up packages are available to help you build a successful start to your career. Realistic on target earnings for this role are **** to **** however there is no limit to your earning potential Hunt4Staff is operating as a recruitment advertising partner. As such, every application will be passed directly to our client. As a candidate, you can be confident your application will reach the recruiting decision maker. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeorExperiencedProtectionMortgageAdvisors_job****