Title: Billing Test Analyst
Webindex: 71302778
Company: Travelport
Description: One of the world’s largest travel content aggregators and distributors is seeking an experienced Billing Test Analyst to join their Billing team at the Langley Office in support of the Oracle Billing and Revenue Management (BRM) application that has recently been implemented. We are looking to appoint an individual with experience in the BRM application however, will consider applicants that have superior billing experience and are willing to learn the BRM application and relevant business processes. This individual will be responsible for migration, testing and deployment of billing data and processes for non BRM countries, including development of new products and services when required. This individual will plan, collate country data, UAT, retest and coordinate BRM billing related activities. In addition, they will provide daily user support. This individual will work closely with TBS team to identify, recommend, develop, implement, and support solutions for the BRM implementation. Main Responsibilities  Gathering of required data for non BRM countries, this includes customers, products services sales orders. This data will need to standardized to conform with the Oracle BRM system configuration requirements. This will also need to be reviewed in detailed to ensure good data is transferred to the system and conforms to processes and policies. The individual will need to understand the interdependencies between the multiple applications/processes which interact with the Billing systems and understand the impacts to these adjacent systems for any billing work.  Responsible for testing the functionality of systems.  This would involve testing that the business and technical functions work as specified  Conducting in depth UAT and testing of all data to ensure expected results.  Timely delivery of projects in a high quality manner is paramount to this position.  This position works across the Technology, Finance and Commercial organizations, and will also involve interaction working closely with the BRM and Oracle technical team.  administering data changes and making sure these are done in a controlled environment.  Regular communication with local billing teams.  Managing interface errors.  Reconciliation of Receivables with billing data.  Loading of completed billable transactions into Oracle Receivables.  Generation of monthly invoices.  Review of bills in partnership will local billing teams.  Responsible for making changes that have been approved according to policy.  To ensure approved bills are delivered to the local office.  Testing and supporting new billing process.  Management reporting. Ad hoc Duties 5%  Support the EMEA Billing Collections Supervisor and team as required  Perform other ad hoc duties as required by management Knowledge, Skills, Experience, Training, Education: Essential  Communication, analytical, problem solving skills and conflict resolution skills,  Ability to work effectively and proactively across the organization, with internal and external stakeholders and vendors.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Must possess high energy and ability to deliver high quality results in aggressive timelines.  Ability to effectively execute tasks in a highpressure environment.  Operates with moderate supervision.  Exceptional customer service orientation.  Extensive experience working in a teamoriented, collaborative environment. ns. Desirable  Excellent Excel skills  Experience using Oracle/BRM Context/Environment: The Finance function is currently going through a period of significant change as it devolves from a traditional finance model to a Shared Services organisation model. The new structure will feature common policies, processes and procedures across multiple sites. It is therefore essential that the role holder is flexible and comfortable working within a highchange context. It should be noted that this is a crossfunctional role which will require liaison with other departments. Accordingly the role requires excellent communication skills and the confidence and communication skills to work effectively to all levels. Key Measures • Tasks need to be completed in accordance with the project deliverables and business needs • All work undertaken must comply with Sarbanes Oxley audit requirements