Title: Fluent French & English speaking Credit Controller
Webindex: 68693259
Company: Manpower   North West
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen to join a world leading global organisation, our client Unilever Tigi are currently looking for a Credit Controller based at Unilever's prestigious facility in Leatherhead, Surrey. This is a full time, temp role for a 6 months , paying up to **** per annum, pro rata, depending on experience. To chase all outstanding monies on UK salons by telephone and letter. Assisting Account Managers and Agents in communicating outstanding and overdue amounts for their customers. Maintain Debt mix at 90% and above Ensure smooth process of Direct Debit process and communicate to all relevant parties  bank, customer, accounts receivable. Assessing customer accounts and releasing or holding orders when necessary. Dealing with customer queries. Coordinate the preparation and issue of invoices and credit notes that have been authorised by the Credit Manager ensuring that have been issued to enable monthend to close within two working days of the last day of the month. Assessing the credit worthiness of new and existing accounts. Assessing payment problems implied or indicated by customers and decide the appropriate course of action. Preparing legal notices and County Court summonses for nonpaying customers. Maintaining legal file. Training and developing existing work colleagues and new staff. Daily banking as required Filing Responsibility of all aspects of credit control and their relating queries or issues or procedures for Account Managers under your control. Any ad hoc duties as requested by Manager. Person Specification Fluent French and English speaker Proven previous experience of working in a similar credit control role. Good oral communication team player Ability to work under pressure Able to multitask We regret that due to the high volume of applications, we are unable to respond to each individual applicant. You will be contacted only if you have been shortlisted. Should you not hear from us within **** working days from your date of application, please assume you have been unsuccessful. Please keep checking the Manpower website for our latest vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FluentFrenchEnglishspeakingCreditController_job****