Title: Credit Risk Analyst  Mid Corporates
Webindex: 61516691
Company: Santander
Description: Join Santander and you'll become a vital part of a business built on the outstanding service provided to our customers, as well as the awardwinning products we offer. We're one of the fastest growing banks in the UK and that is down to our people. And we recognise that as we help you develop your career you'll be doing the same for our business. We are currently recruiting for a Credit Partner who will be responsible for a portfolio of midsized corporate clients. As a Credit Partner you will be working with a wide portfolio of our mid size corporate clients. You will need to understand their loan requirements, structure transactions and become their advocate when presenting their needs to an internal Risk Committee. You will need to have exceptional communication and clientfacing skills as well as an ability to build strategic relationships with key stakeholders. Santander UK The Santander Group has more than 150 years' experience in global banking and more branches worldwide than any other international bank. We are well on the way to repeating this success in the UK, having been recognised as one the 'Top Employers in the UK' in 2012 by the Corporate Research Foundation (CRF) Institute. As one of the UK's leading financial services Santander offers a comprehensive range of financial products and a high standard of service to 24 million customers. We are part of one of the world's largest banks  Grupo Santander, which means we're stronger than ever and looking to the future with confidence. As a Credit Partner your skills and qualifications will ideally include: Demonstrable experience in a credit analysis role covering a portfolio of midsize corporates.Demonstrable exposure to the UK corporate where appropriate seek to identify effective solutions with the objective of structuring transactions to meet the Banks credit policy framework and delivery of financial targets. Location: Manchester Salary: ****  ****  excellent benefits