Title: SAP Implementation Analyst / Business Analyst
Webindex: 68673715
Company: Macildowie Associates.
Description: THE OPPORTUNITY: SAP Implementation Analyst / Business Analyst Location: Derby, Derbyshire Salary: ****  **** Depending on Relevant Experience My client is in the process of implementing a new ERP system within their rapidly growing business. It's a great opportunity for someone who has previous experience of implementing SAP Business One through a complete cycle who would be keen to do it again. This position will play a pivotal role within the project, being the point of contact for external consultants and internal stakeholders. THE ROLE AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:  Work as part of a project team to ensure delivery of projects.  Identify user requirements and help translate into functional specifications with an emphasis on delivering functionality with little or no customisation.  Identify Opportunities for process improvement and automation.  Understand reporting requirements and assist users to define requirements and consolidate output.  Business process mapping and documentation.  Assist in training, data cleansing, testing and documentation of new systems.  Report back to project team on progress and issues discovered on a regular basis EXPERIENCE SOUGHT IN THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE:  Previous experience with implementing SAP Business one through complete implementation cycles  A strong financial or manufacturing implementation background (essential)  Stock Forecasting / Production Scheduling (desirable)  Project Management experience (desirable)  Experience with training, giving presentations, and managing meetings.  Ability to interact with all levels of coworkers and suppliers. The role will evolve into a Business Analyst once this project is complete and support the Business further large scale projects such as a new Warehouse Management System and an improved Payroll Software implementation.Macildowie Associates is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAPImplementationAnalystBusinessAnalyst_job****