Title: Customer Contact Centre Advisor Opportunities (Full Time) BLUF****
Webindex: 67910034
Company: Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd
Description: Customer Contact Centre Advisor Opportunities (Full Time) BLUF**** Blakelands, Milton Keynes Salary  **** per annum plus excellent benefits including Loan Car Scheme, Roadside Assistance, Pension, 27 Days Holiday, Onsite Occupational Health, Private Health Insurance, Profit Related Bonus, Childcare Vouchers, and much more…. Who you’ll be working for – Our client is the finance and leasing arm of a leading automotive group. Funding products for retail and business user customers are developed and delivered to the group retailer networks to assist them in maximising their vehicle sales and income opportunities. They have grown yearonyear by continually developing their products and approach to managing customers. As you would expect working for this brand, they have excellent benefits on offer for their employees. Words such as variety, challenge, forward thinking & our team are what current employees like best about working with our client. There are always opportunities for the right candidates – for them it’s not about fit for the purpose, but fit for the future. What you’ll be doing – As a Full Time Customer Contact Centre Advisor, you will be required to work **** hours where your work pattern will vary. This will be a varied shift pattern covering the hours between 8am and 8pm Monday to Friday and a minimum of one in four Saturdays. Saturday hours are 9am5pm. As part of the Customer Contact team within the Customer Experience department, your role will be to delight customers at every touch point. You will be dealing with a wide variety of enquiries, predominately on the telephone and some nonphone customer contact work such as email and post/mail. Some of your customer contact could be to help customers navigate through queries they have when using their website. Other responsibilities will include: • Respond to high volumes of incoming customer enquiries by telephone or in writing or email relating to all aspects of the retail business from the start of an agreement to end of contract – and all steps in between to a consistent high level of accuracy and speed • Take ownership of customer issues and resolve them to the highest standard. • Complete customer processing work to a high and consistent quality standard and to a high level of accuracy. • Working to agreed service levels and targets You will have: • Strong customer service focus with a determination to resolve customer issues • Previous customer service, call centre or financial services experience is desirable but not essential • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Ability to work towards targets • Ability to cope with pressure of high call volumes • Able to take and give feedback to develop your performance and improve the customer experience You will be: •Fully PC literate (Microsoft Office preferable) •Able to demonstrate or develop a highly persuasive and positive telephone manner •Able to demonstrate quality management in all aspects of your work •Able to demonstrate high levels of accuracy with data input and processing of customer information and requests. This is a Blue Octopus Recruitment Ltd vacancy who are operating as an employment agency. Once you have clicked to apply for this vacancy, we will then send you more information on the role including a copy of the application form via email