Title: Scheme Actuary
Webindex: 69072305
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: Due to continued new business wins, this is an excellent time for a recentlyqualified and ambitious pensions actuary to join this fastgrowing consultancy. With responsibility for your portfolio of clients, you will be proactive in providing actuarial and consultancy support to the more senior members of the organisation. There is real breadth of exposure availability as you will be involved in wideranging actuarial and consulting tasks across pension scheme issues, such as funding, triennial valuations, company accounting work and other actuarial projects. You will maintain your technical knowledge through work around legislative and general pensions consulting. Utilise your interpersonal skills to provide direct support and advice to assigned clients, and in day to day management of relationships with trustees and corporate clients. You will have a proven track record gained within the pensions actuarial consultancy industry with previous client management, project management and strong presentation skills. You should already have a Scheme Actuary certificate or be able to satisfy the criteria and obtain one within a year. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. The Sammons Group is an Employment Business and Employment Agency as defined by the EAA Regulations **** and we abide by the Code of Practice of our industry body (the Recruitment Employment Confederation  REC). We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. We regret that we are unable to seek visas for applicants. Our clients are obliged under current UK immigration policy to consider applicants from the resident labour market before considering applications from those who would require a Tier **** visa or work permit . This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct.