Title: Claims Analysis Manager
Webindex: 71428772
Company: AXA
Description: Claims Analysis Manager Background AXA Direct Partnerships is a division of AXA UK and the AXA Global Group. We provide personal insurance products such as motor, home and travel to our customers directly, via our corporate partners, and also through Swiftcover.com.Our culture is simple, energetic and imaginative. We are looking for people who can get the job done and enjoy the rewards. We need you to be proactive, enthusiastic and thrive on taking responsibility in a fastpaced environment where opportunities to develop and progress are encouraged. We are looking for an experiened Ananlysis Manager to join our team based in Cobham. You will establish and build the Claims Analytics function, capabilities and position within the Claims function and delivering the insight, recommendations, decision support and impact analysis for any aspect of the Claims business operating model, thereby playing a crucial role in creating a culture of evidence based decision making and team work with Pricing and Reserving functions. The role Energy and determination to create an internal Claims Analytics team, develop analytics capability (people, infrastructure, culture) and a culture of evidence based decision making. You must have a strong focus on maximising own effectiveness and efficiency as part of the team. Develop own skills and competencies, share information, ideas and methods with peers. Adopt proactive and accountable behaviours. Provide suitable impact analyses with sufficient detail on the financial and operational implications of proposals to ensure confident decisions are taken on how to improve the operating model and the P/L. Observe and investigate phenomena across the three key pillars of Claims (Indemnity, Expense, Customer) and answer speculative questions posed by the business, in order to inform, provide new insight, create alternatives and support the design of solutions for business requirements. Build working relationships across Claims and the wider PL business and stay close the business performance and developments. Become knowledgeable on all aspects of the operational model and how this is subsequently represented in data. Advocate a deeper understanding across the business of the financial implications of the choices we make. Support the decision, prioritisation and resource allocation processes across the business. Publish and promote own work and the work of the team. Proactively seek out and suggest analytical projects which should lead to financial opportunities and make recommendations for improvements to the business processes, operations, product and platform. Research and share new approaches across the PL business to ensure that our analytical methods become and remain “best of breed”. Build relationships and keep in touch with other analytical specialists and data users across the group for reciprocal benefit. Develop common language and reporting between Claims, Pricing and Reserving, build processes enabling the close working relationship with Pricing and Reserving and contribute/attend elements of existing governance (monthly Motor Board, Claims SMT) to drive culture of evidence based decision making in Claims. Take any steps needed to ensure all data is housed appropriately, understand manage risks associated with data and ensure full compliance with all relevant legislation. Work very closely with Claims MI Manager to build a fit for purpose data environment and drive continual development of data captured in core systems to enable effective analytics and business management. Skills, knowledge and behaviour High quality numerical degree and strong mathematical / logical capability. Experience in an analytic role is essential. Experience of working with Claims Operating systems and data. Creative and inquisitive approach. Inventive thinker and problemsolver who is flexible, tenacious and self sufficient. Advanced understanding of SAS, Web analytics software, Business Objects, Visual Basic, MS Office (or demonstrable ability to learn these packages quickly). Able to grasp the significance and meaning of a range of technical and complex issues, and create and tailor methods to suit problems. Excellent relevant data knowledge (or quick to learn and remember). Able to combine and condense vast quantities of diverse data into meaningful insight. Demonstrating effective communications, influencing and relationship building skills – both within and outside the immediate team. Able to share technical information with a nontechnical audience so that it is informative and engaging. Ability to plan and prioritise own work. Experience of managing smallmedium sized projects. Ability to work under pressure and to strict deadlines whilst maintaining reliability and accuracy. Additional job board published information Please ensure that your application is completed and officially submitted online no later than the closing date. Successful submissions will be acknowledged by email. Contact Details: Stacey Smith, Resourcing Consultant Stacey.Smithaxainsurance.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClaimsAnalysisManager_job****