Title: Cost Centre Management Accountant
Webindex: 69733850
Company: London
Description: We are currently recruiting for a Management Accountant to join a lead media business based in central London. The purpose of the role is to produce accurate and timely financial and management accounting information in relation all head office departments (including actuals, forecasts and budgets). Working closely with the head office budget holders in determining and executing future strategy and decision making this is an excellent opportunity to have a real impact on a business. Responsibilities Strategic Accounting Use management information to not only track progress against an aggressive **** year plan but to identify new trends and opportunities. Create and produce the key success KPI s for your budget holders. Support the budget holders in cost analysis and business case appraisals to support future commercial decisions. Liaise closely with your budget holders to improve information available, make it more efficient, easier to produce and streamline reporting to ensure one version of the truth. Management Accounting Produce accurate and timely monthly management accounting (including accruals, prepayments, deferred income and subscription revenue recognition, accurate monthly flash reporting, monthly commentary and full year outlook) Maintain tight cost control for the marketing, content, IT, management and finance functions which sit within head office accounts. Produce clear cost trackers each month with clearly visible fixed costs and discretionary costs. In the event of any cost mitigation plans, understand which cost lines can be immediately pulled in order to achieve a better EBITDA. Detailed understanding and tracking of headcount, listed by employee with knowledge of all open roles and the operational impact of these. Production of monthly KPI s for your budget holders. Weekly and monthly review of cost trackers with budget holders as required ensuring that they full own and are accountable for their areas. Requirements: Qualified Accountant. Strong Cost control experience Proven business partnering experience with the ability to present financial information to non finance stakeholder clearly and concisely Experience of working in a fast paced environment with continuous change and improvement. In addition to strong management accounts, analytical and cost experience the ability to managing mutlitasks is essential in a fastmoving, detailoriented environment. This is an excellent opportunity to join a progressive business and fast track your career in commercial finance. Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply.