Title: 'Enforcement Agent' (Bailiff)
Webindex: 69169860
Company: Bee You
Description: 'Enforcement Agent', Enforcement Officer' (Bailiff) Required 'Enforcement Agent', Enforcement Officer' (Bailiff). No experience is needed and full training given although if individuals have experience or are certificated then this is a huge advantage. Candidates need to be disciplined, confident, persuasive and enjoy a challenging environment. Roles are currently available in the following areas: Bath, Bristol, Dorchester, Taunton, Gloucester, Swindon, Oxford, Reading, Plymouth, Southampton, Guilford, Stevenage, Portsmouth, Luton Milton Keynes All roles are self employed', earnings are not capped and there is a good platform to build an excellent career and revenue. Roughly **** warrants/.leads will be given weekly. Successful candidates will need to pass the Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) check process. Overview of required candidate: Confident and Self motivated Persuasive Disciplined No experience needed  although anybody certified has an advantage There are **** types of Bailiff, certificated (not certified) non certificated. Non certificated are new to the Industry, able to put through their certification process, paying for their ****k bail bond too. Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location Location Midlands, South, South East, UK Start Date Immediate Duration Ongoing Rate OTE ****k Description A Bailiff is required to collect debt through enforcement of court orders. There are two types of workers for this area, one is Certificated Bailiff and the other is High Court Enforcement Officers. The first type has a job placement at independent companies and they recover parking fines, rents and council taxes. High Court Enforcement Officers are responsible for court judgments enforcing and document delivery to businesses and houses. A Bailiff usually performs many of the following tasks:  Working and assisting debtors with plans for instalment payment.  Arranging goods selling.  Delivering court papers.  Writing letters to request payments.  Seizing goods and properties. Skills  Being able to deal with many people discretely.  Being persuasive and assertive.  Having abilities to put together a repayment plan.  Having competent computer skills.  Having good judgment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EnforcementAgentBailiff_job****