Title: Life Sales Consultant
Webindex: 71198962
Company: Hays Marketing
Description: Sales Executive Job BIG BONUS Brand new location for a growing financial services company. New offices 2013 Top Sales People Required An exciting opportunity to join a leading Insurance broker in the Hampshire area has arisen. Our client is looking to recruit professional, target driven sales people who are driven to exceed targets and earn great bonus. The thriving sales organisation is looking to grow their team of Life Sales Consultants. This role is not cold calling as all leads are warm. You will contact new warm sales enquiries within minutes of an internet enquiry. You will build a friendly rapport with the customers and take full details regarding their needs. Matching the most significant products to the customers requirements. Huge career opportunities within the first 12 months for the right people. The role comes with a generous commission structure and unlimited earnings potential as well as generous remuneration package for the early months. You will need to demonstrate: 2 years minimum proven sales experience and successful in dealing with customers on outbound telesales. GCSE grades A to C in maths and English, or A level pass equivalent education. You will demonstrate a sales track record against targets You will possess the ability to learn and retain large amounts of information on a regular basis. You will clearly possess the ability to communicate effectively with customers. You will be: Driven Money Motivated Team player. Proven to be a low maintenance, high result type of sales person. Organised and professional with the ability to manage an ongoing client base. Able to obtain extensive product knowledge on which you will be regularly tested. A closer with the ability to nurture customers. Sales Consultant Basic Salary ****k****k  bonus plan. (Realistic OTE ****k but uncapped) If you can sell and are motivated by uncapped commission call TODAY.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk