Title: Commercial Supervisor / Team Manager
Webindex: 68995673
Company: Copperfield Recruitment
Description: The purpose of the Commercial Supervisor is to support on a day to day basis and supervise the commercial administrators. This is a team based role within a Shared Service Centre. Responsibilities To lead, direct, evaluate, and develop a team of administrators to ensure that the organisation s customer service strategy is implemented effectively, consistently, and according to established guidelines and budgets. Deliver the commercial administration support for Business Partners and ensure they deliver the requirements detailed in their job roles. Act as initial internal escalation point when issues arise and where possible, resolve in a timely manner. Develop and deliver reports to the Head of Manager demonstrating administrators are fulfilling their roles and highlighting areas for improvement. Work with Contracts and Data Manager to ensure SAP information is always accurate. Develop and maintain excellent working relationships with various internal departments and our Business Partners. Strive to achieve zero levels of overdue debt. Aim to deliver 100% invoicing accuracy. Professional requirements: In depth working knowledge of FM Companies and their requirements from a commercial background. Ability to supervise under pressure and respond quickly to business demands. Ability to negotiate effectively with internal and external customers. Good Outlook and MS office skills. Good SAP understanding. Educated to A Level standard or equivalent experience. NVQ Level 3 or above in Business Administration. Experience in commercial and financial workplace. Good written and oral English standard. PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU LIVE WITHIN A COMMUTABLE DISTANCE OF THIS LOCATION. Please note your CV will be reviewed against the vacancy criteria and we will contact you within one week if we wish to progress your application any further. Copperfield Recruitment Ltd are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy and are an equal opportunities employer