Title: Compliance / Helpdesk Support Consultant
Webindex: 68675523
Company: Compliance Resource Solutions Ltd
Description: Our Client is well known and operates within the IFA Market. They are now looking to meet with an Experienced Compliance Support Consultant. THE INDIVIDUAL  The individual will be responsible for all aspects of internal regulatory services provided by Our Client to the membership.  The role will require the individual to assist firms to adapt into a Directly Regulatory regime and deal with all the FSA regulatory requirements along the way.  Ideally, you will have experience at reviewing post RDR disclosure documents.  This is a multitasked role requiring individuals to have the ability to adapt easily dependent on work loads and membership demands.  The role is a combination of three important regulatory functions within The Group  Applications, Agencies and Compliance Helpdesk. COMPLIANCE FUNCTION  KEY ACCOUNTABILITES This is a helpdesk environment responsible for distilling and distributing regulatory knowledge and information on compliance subjects to our members. The role  you are to: Remain up to date with regulatory changes and policy. Provide telephone and email 'HelpDesk Service’ that allows individual member queries to be answered promptly and accurately. Research and investigate individual firm queries to provide robust and complete answers. Contribute to bulletin material and research material. AGENCIES  KEY ACCOUNTABILITES Administer all incoming post, including logging. Making contact with directly authorised firms, explaining agency process. Follow up calls to direct members who haven’t responded to emails. Chase the providers regarding directly authorised firms. Conclusion of emails regarding direct firms. Action email pipeline, including agency inbox. Inbound telephone queries at available opportunities. Full agency cover for holiday/sickness periods. APPLICATION  KEY ACCOUNTABILITES Full case officer role (full management of applications through to authorisation). Administer pre authorisation agency emails for own cases. Deal with member queries regarding FSA authorisations. QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE A minimum of FPC **** (or equivilent) is required for this role. The individual will work towards becoming a fully qualified and experienced compliance professional with experience articulating technical information in a succinct and appropriate manner for the target recipients. The achievement of Level 4 Diploma in combination with experience in compliance roles is desirable, though training will be provided for candidates with strong potential. QUALITIES Excellent written and spoken English Ability to prioritise Process driven Strong telephone and customer services skills Able to establish strong working relationships with a variety of stakeholders Desire for professional development Excellent IT skills Salary is Negotiable and Dependent upon Experience Qualifications Immediate start available for the Right Candidate This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComplianceHelpdeskSupportConsultant_job****