Title: Bank Reconciliations Analyst
Webindex: 71847594
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: Key responsibilities for the Bank Reconciliations Analyst are; To undertake daily matching of collections, e.g cheques, visa and bank statement entries against back office reports. Complete posting of daily collections in the accounting system used within a timely manner in order to meet the finance deadlines. To maintain high volumes of data on Excel spreadsheets to ensure accurate collections reporting. Raising vendor invoices Develop and maintain sound internal and external working relationships, ensuring regular contact is kept and a professional service is delivered. Monitor finance mailboxes including Reconciliation queries and reporting requests. Meet daily competencies and objectives set by the Reconciliation Analyst. My client is looking for the following attributes; PC literate with good working knowledge of Excel Attention to detail, including speed accuracy Good communication skills verbal and written Able to question areas which they feel they do not possess a full understanding Able to work under pressure to meet deadlines Previous exposure of working in a reconciliations role Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. My Client is a marker leader within their field, based in StratfordUponAvon looking to recruit into a busy team working within a financial services organisation. Bank Reconciliation Analyst position based in Stratford Upon Avon, temporary permanent position, **** plus and excellent benefit package. Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BankReconciliationsAnalyst_job****