Title: Secretary / Executive Assistant
Webindex: 69214417
Company: Gemploy.com
Description: A permanent position for an experienced Secretary / Executive Assistant has arisen for a leading wealth management company in the City of London. The role is to provide confidential secretarial support for the Investment Managers and to carry out administrative projects/duties as required. There will be particular responsibility for the accurate production and assimilation of information, including the optimum use of information technology. ? To provide a comprehensive secretarial service to the managers including:  generating letters, file notes, reports, etc  establish and keep up to date a data base for mail merge purposes ?  drafting general correspondence on behalf of the managers  maintaining an efficient and up to date filing system  maintaining efficient working diaries  production of presentational documents ? To carry out individual projects on an ad hoc basis ? Keep regulated team members CPD records up to date ? Dealing with general enquiries and take necessary action on behalf of and in the absence of the Investment Managers ? Preparing probate request forms, after consultation, where necessary, with company registrars, solicitors, etc ? Liaison with Registrars regarding administrative matters ? To provide clients with all relevant information in a timely manner, as long as the timing of that information is within the control of the individual ? Ensure that information provided is clear, fair and not misleading ? Assist the Investment Managers in the collation of KYC and Money Laundering documentation and the regular refreshing of this information ? Produce invoices and keep the invoice file up to date for the Investment Managers ? Accessing the firm??s system to obtain client information ? Completion ofexpense schedules ? Organising and coordinating travel arrangements ? Arrange meetings on behalf of the Investment Managers Keywords: PA, Personal Assistant, Executive Assistant, Administration, Admin, Executive Support, Secretary, City of London. As the successful Secretary / Executive Assistant you will posses the following skills and experience: Good PC skills including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook Interpersonal Skills/Confidentiality Excellent interpersonal skills in handling colleagues and clients alike. To work effectively as part of a team with a positive ??cando?? attitude. IT/Administrative/Organisational skills Ability to prioritise workload. Judgement Analysis The ability to work well and accurately in a time constrained pressured environment along with the ability to prioritise work in the face of competing demands and take appropriate action in the absence of the Investment Managers. Initiative Capable of taking responsibility for own work and actions and can show initiative and resourcefulness. Communication Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Gemploy.com is a leading provider of Online Flatfee Recruitment Services nationwide. Services offered by Gemploy.com Ltd are those of an employment agency / business. We will provide our Client with your full details, subject to their criteria, in order that they can consider whether you may be suitable for this vacancy. Your details, as submitted by you, will not be put forward for any other vacancy without your permission. By submitting your CV, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose.