Title: Syndicate Accountant
Webindex: 67099160
Company: CMC Consulting
Description: Syndicate Accountant  ****  ****  Bonus  Benefits Our client, a leading Insurance company, is currently seeking a Syndicate Accountant to join their expanding Finance team. This is a fantastic opportunity for a newly qualified accountant to develop their accounting skills with a company that is going from strength to strength. Your responsibilities will include; Assist with the development and implementation of processes and procedures to ensure the accuracy of Syndicate reporting Production of review schedules and commentary on Balance Sheet amounts and results analysis Liaise with Group Finance to ensure all investment processing is up to date and accurate Completion of Lloyds regulatory returns Trial balance to be updated and completed on a monthly basis with lead schedules and back up documentation Liaise with auditors to improve year end and half year audit process The successful candidate will ideally have a professional accountancy qualification, with good knowledge and experience of insurance accounting. Candidates will display advanced excel knowledge and communication skills as well as being able to understand, interpret and evaluate complex financial data and meet deadlines under pressure. Where UK qualifications are specified we will take into account overseas equivalents. To apply for this position candidates must be eligible to work in country in which the role is based. We regret that due to the high volume of applications we receive if you have not heard from us within 10 days, then your application has not been successful on this occasion. However, please do continue to apply for jobs advertised by CMC Consulting. For all our current vacancies please visit our website [contact details removed] We do our best to ensure that the wording used in our job vacancies does not discriminate against an individual in any way. Please contact us if you feel that this is not the case.