Title: Service Charge Accounts Assistant up to ****
Webindex: 68088048
Company: Taylor James Resourcing
Description: Service Charge Accounts Assistant up to **** Our client is a well established property management company; the client is seeking a Service Charge Accounts Assistant to work in their North London office. Working within the Service Charge Team of our busy Accounts Department this role will plan for and implement the smooth running of all clients' accounts functions Reporting to the Team Leader your main responsibilities will include but not be limited to: Liaising with residents, clients and others via telephone, email, fax and letter to resolve accounts related queries and complaints Downloading and correctly allocating the bank interest data in a timely manner. Processing and banking all cash receipts upon the day of receipt. Processing and transmitting the direct debit transmissions Ensure that direct debit receipts, standing order receipts and switch/delta payments are processed correctly and allocated correctly on the day of receipt. Correctly processing refunds, as authorised by senior management. Processing unpaid and 'bounced' receipts Setting up direct debit transactions in. Carrying out Annual Return procedures Processing invoices from contractors and suppliers. Administering the Contractor Payments and Supplier Payments Carrying out the Management Fees procedures, Supplementary Fees procedures and Transaction Charges Processing Cash Sale Invoices, Cash Sale Refunds and Insurance Commissions Reconciling company processing accounts (e.g. collection account) and client accounts on a daily basis and reporting any imbalances immediately. Maintaining client/residents electronic and manual records accurately and in a timely manner. Updating the property management software systems accurately and in a timely manner. Carrying out such other works/functions as may be required Essential Skills: A minimum of one year experience of Service Charge Accounts Use of Microsoft packages, including Word, Excel and Outlook AAT qualified and working towards ACCA, or equivalent (Desirable) Experience of using QUBE system This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceChargeAccountsAssistantupto****_job****