Title: Project Finance Agency Analyst
Webindex: 71435293
Company: Euro London Appointments   London
Description: Our international bank are currently seeking someone with fluent German to work in their global unit providing Project and Structured Finance solutions for their clients. Their focus is on building lasting relationships with their clients in particular the renewable energy and infrastructure sectors as well as others. In Europe the principal areas of interest are Wind, Solar and Public sector finance (PPP/PFI). The main task of the this role is to manage the international syndicated project finance transactions as an Agent. Your main duties will be: ? Assisting closing new deals and secondary trades regarding e. g. documentation, covenants, project accounts ? Acting as principal point of contact for communication between the borrower and the syndicate ? Monitoring and enforcing project documentation on behalf of the syndicate, distributing covenant information to the syndicate and coordination of waiver and consent requests between the borrower and the syndicate ? Coordinating decision making within the syndicate, organising, executing and steering of syndicate meetings ? Monitoring projects against accounts, budgets and forecasts; upgrading cash flow models ? Participating in bank wide projects Ideally you should meet the following requirements: ? Good understanding of project finance (incl. cash flow models, project structures and documentation) across a range of sectors (Energy, Infrastructure) ? Strong analytical skills and accuracy, time management and ability to problem solve ? Excellent communication skills, ? Willingness to participate in business trips ? High degree of self motivation and perseverance ? Team work focus, especially in a multilanguage team with cross border deals ? Being PC literate, Excel in particular, cash flow model experience is seen favourably ? Fluency in German This is an excellent opportunity to work with a leading bank to consolidate your experience. Thank you for applying to Euro London Appointments, the UK's largest independent language consultancy. We aim to respond as promptly as possible to your application, however, due to the high level of CVs we receive we are only able to respond to applicants whose profile matches our Client's requirements. To enquire about other vacancies please visit our website at www.eurolondon.com. Please note that in order to process your CV we must receive it in a Word document. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectFinanceAgencyAnalyst_job****