Title: Insurer Risk & Compliance Manager
Webindex: 71851266
Company: Swinton Insurance Group
Description: Overall purpose of this role  The role is responsible for the development and maintenance of policy and procedures within the department and control of insurer associated risks. The scope includes all lines of business across all distribution channels and reports to the Insurer Development Support Manager. Reports to  Insurer Development Support Manager Key accountabilities  Ongoing development of department procedures and policies to ensure associated risks have been identified, escalated (as necessary) and mitigated  Communication and audit of procedures and policies within the department  Liaison with other departments in respect of expert exchanges, for example Finance, Operations, Compliance, Risk and Legal colleagues  Assessment of insurer TOBA wording and assistance in the negotiation of TOBA terms  Maintenance of records in respect of TOBAs, raising awareness within the business of key contractual terms and quantification and escalation of risks  Regular analysis and report on the role and responsibilities of insurers in customer complaints; together with assessment of root causes  Active participation in the 'due diligence' phase of new business acquisitions, with particular focus on insurer TOBAs and other commercial agreements; identifying risks and onerous contracting terms which will transfer to Swinton if the proposed transaction proceeds to completion.  Regular analysis and report of insurer security ratings and concentration limits  Maintenance of the department's risk register and associated contingency plans  Contribute to projects; providing specialist input and sign off where required Education/qualifications  Good standard of education, preferably to GSCE A level (or equivalent) and above. What we'll be looking for in you  Relevant previous experience gained within a regulated financial services institution.  Must be able to demonstrate a clear understanding of the FSA compliance framework including, in particular, the identification and treatment of client assets money handling and TCF principles.  Good working knowledge of technical content of Insurer TOBAs.  Effective negotiation skills.  Attention to detail.  Ability to identify issues and concerns and escalate them effectively.  Excellent communication skills, verbal and written. Terms and conditions  **** hour working week with a degree of flexibility This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InsurerRiskComplianceManager_job****