Title: Finance Analyst  Commercial
Webindex: 71675085
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: Supporting financial direction and leadership to a major portfolio of business segments of the 4b turnover and related operating expenditure including marketing. Additionally, analysing and supporting delivery by outsourced or business partners who supply and support business segments. Operate as finance support to these business products and provide a true Business Partner framework with the Commercial product leaders ensuring that they are supported with appropriate and challenging financial insight and business advice. Provide Financial support to the team: o Budget setting o Monthly reporting Reforecasting and analysis o Business case evaluation o Adhoc projects Key Finance member of the team o Provide finance and nonfinance insight and challeng The ideal candidate will have 25 years good post qualification experience including specific experience of providing Finance Support to large, complex, preferably fast moving, businesses. You will have a good understanding of balance sheet and cashflows implications in addition to the requisite P L experience and experience of operating at senior manager level. You will also havea track record of delivery through influencing and building relationships and experience and understanding of working in a matrix pan European business. Ability to communicate, influence and challenge effectively with key stakeholders levels in the organisation is essential, and you must demonstrate the commercial value of Finance interventions on projec Dynamic industryleading FTSE 250 business **** to **** subject to experience plus great benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAnalystCommercial_job****