Title: Credit Control and Accounts Assistant
Webindex: 67441170
Company: Vegware Ltd
Description: Role: Credit Control and Accounts Assistant Salary: **** / hour Location: Polwarth, Edinburgh. Sector: Ecofriendly packaging, supplying the foodservice retail catering sector, office supplies and the healthcare sectors. Job Type: Permanent, part time, circa ****4 hours per week, with potential to increase. Closing Date: 1 st February 2013 Starting Date: ASAP The Company Vegware is a fast growing, young, dynamic and very successful Edinburgh based company that manufactures and distributes ecofriendly catering disposables and food packaging. All Vegware products are made from either renewable or recycled materials, and all are compostable. We are seeking an applicant to assist with day to day credit control duties along with support in other aspects of our finance function. Key responsibilities Reporting to the Operations Manager you will carry out a range of credit control and accounts duties. This will include, but is not limited to: Corresponding with debtors via telephone and email Responding to enquiries and requests from clients in relation to their account Processing credit account applications and credit checking customers Setting up new clients in the system Sending out statements Raising credit notes and refunding payments through Worldpay Ensuring company policy in relation to credit control is consistently applied. Updating notes in customer records regarding any correspondence in relation to their account . Issuing and processing of customer invoices onto sales ledger. Allocation of cash received from debtors. Ensuring sales ledger is accurate and deal with customer queries which may arise in relation to their account. Other ad hoc accounts work as directed by the Finance Manager. You will show commitment to company values in all aspects of your role. You will ensure that all verbal and written communications enhance the company image. The applicant You will have strong numerical skills, a high level of computer literacy and impeccable attention to detail. Previous credit control experience is preferable, and a desire to gain experience and progress in a credit control role is essential. Bookkeeping experience would also be an advantage for this position. A basic working knowledge of accounts packages would also be useful, in particular Sage. You will be happy and confident corresponding with customers over the phone and by email. You will d evelop and maintain good working relationships with client purchase ledger/ accounts payable staff . You are an excellent telephone communicator. You will have effective negotiation and persuading skills, able to manage and diffuse challenging situation. You will have a good command of written English, and the ability to draft emails professionally and eloquently. You have the ability to learn quickly and are interested in Credit Control. You are an energetic, reliable, well presented, articulate and highly motivated individual with superb interpersonal skills, able to pay fine attention to detail and have a genuine passion for the environment. You will be a good fit with Vegware's core values of honesty, integrity, growth and profitability. If you have the skills, passion, and commitment required, and are interested in developing a career with an ambitious and exciting young company, please email your CV with a covering letter explaining your suitability for the position