Title: Senior Java Web Developer
Webindex: 55410118
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: Senior Java Web Developer. The company is an expanding software house dealing within the financial services market. Due to continued growth they require a senior java web developer. With some of the countries leading banks and insurance companies already onboard it's an exciting time to join the company and either develop your existing financial services experience or start a career within financial the financial services sector. General Role Supervision and mentoring of technical team in development of customer solutions, using the companies product and traditional web based technologies. Capture and documentation of business & technical requirements. Design and documentation of strategic and low level application architecture. Design and development of the integration requirements between the company's product and complimentary 3rd party products. Produce task and resource estimates, and assist in the planning and review of own projects. Provide technical consultancy (local and onsite) to partners and customers. Assist the sales team in the creation and delivery of customer presentations. General Skills: Minimum of 5 years practical experience of web based development using Java. Good understanding and experience of developing enterprise solutions. Well developed analysis and problem solving skills, including business concepts and requirements. Ability to estimate, and plan project tasks in accordance with suitable priorities and resources. Experience of Financial Services useful, inc Insurance, Lending & Private Trust Banking, useful, but not essential. Key Skills / Competencies: Proven experience in Understanding and design of integration requirements across various backend and middleware systems Design and development of mediumcomplex web based customer solutions. Supervising and mentoring a technical development team. Working with business staff to capture requirements and design solutions. Understanding and design of integration requirements across various backend and middleware systems. Thorough understanding and experience of Java, JavaScript, CSS, Application servers, XML and other web based technologies java javascript xml xhtml dhtml css