Title: Longevity Risk Statistician / Actuary
Webindex: 69746313
Company: Arc Recruitment
Description: This is a great opportunity for a Qualified Statistician to join a household name in financial services. Our client provides financial services products across numerous markets life, pensions, investments, mortgages etc and whilst in operation for over 100 years, they still strive to better themselves and keep ahead of the competition, recently being recognised for their IT/Web solutions. The Company: Our client is responsible for investing over **** billion worldwide and whilst established in the UK, also has growing operations in the USA, Netherlands, France, Egypt, India and The Gulf. This role is based within the Protection Producing/updating regular analyses and models of annuitant mortality experience Liaising with internal customers to agree analysis requirements, timescales and methods in advance, and communicate results back via written reports Understand data sources and potential issues by liaising with programmers within and outside the Team Supporting the Longevity Risk Statisticians on various research projects Skills / Experience Required: Good communication skills are essential. You should be a Qualified Statistician and have experience of analysing large data volumes, as well as being highly proficient with Excel. You should also have experience of working in a commercial setting such as insurance or pharmaceuticals. Ideally you would also have experience of GLM and SAS, but these are not absolutely essential. Additional Information: The salary for this post is **** to **** with a competitive bonus structure, up to 15% pension, 25 days holiday, private healthcare and various share save schemes. The Statistician position is only one of many vacancies we are handling. ARC is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment and the Consultant handling this role has over 18 years experience in this field. Areas of expertise include employee benefits/group risk, compliance, pensions, flexible benefits, paraplanners, sales support, underwriters and IT related roles. We predominately focus on London and The Home Counties, although we have also been successful in offering national solutions and overseas. Do check the website and feel free to call at any time