Title: Pensions/Senior Pensions Administrator
Webindex: 71352874
Company: Sammons Pensions
Description: Already tired of cold dark mornings? We have an excellent opportunity to join a growing consultancy based in the sunny Mediterranean. We are looking for Pensions Administrators and Senior Administrators to become an integral part of a growing consultancy. You will administer all aspects of international Defined Contribution pensions schemes from cradle to grave. As a senior you will handle more complex queries from members, clients and third parties. Producing highly accurate manual and automated calculations, you may also be involved in annual project work. Due to your capability you may be required to assist with training junior members of the team. You will also assist with the development of individuals within the organisation. In addition to daytoday duties you will be involved in projects such as annual calculations and scheme events. Utilising experience gained within pensions, you will be able to highlight problems and suggest ways to make improvements. Candidates should have previous experience in a similar role, coupled with excellent numeracy and literacy skills. Relevant professional qualifications desired. We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent. Salary is in line with experience. Any salary advertised is for search purposes only. This site produces a generic closing date for all adverts dated **** month after an advert is posted. Please do not take this closing date to be official or correct. We endeavour to reply to all applications. However if you have not heard from us within 7 days you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group.