Title: Customer Insight Analyst  Edinburgh or London
Webindex: 68708455
Company: RBS
Description: We've an opportunity for a Customer Insight Analyst to join our Strategy and Architecture team within the Business Services division at The Royal Bank of Scotland Group. You'll drive the analysis of endtoend customer insight to challenge thinking and contribute to decision making across the Group. This role can be based in either Edinburgh or London. Business Services provides the services that keep RBS running, including Technology Services, Group Operations and Corporate Services. We put money in the ATMs, keep the Bank's technology systems operating, maintain the branch network, protect our customers from fraud, process millions of pounds of payments across the world and provide call centre and online services. We're also developing the new mobile banking technology, working environments for colleagues and strategies to stay ahead of the competition that are shaping the Group's future. Strategy and Architecture help the Group make better, more informed decisions regarding what, where, why, how we operate and who with. We do this through the provision of Strategy, Portfolio Management, Service Management and Architecture Services across the Group. As a Customer Insight Analyst, you'll undertake specific analysis of Voice of Customer (VoC) insight, cost diagnostics and benchmarking data. You'll mobilise clear data collection plans, data sampling techniques and create comprehensive reports with compelling insight and recommendations which the business can action. You'll lead the identification and sourcing of customer insight, operational performance data and financial information which is gathered to enable analysis and key recommendations. Additionally, you'll perform deep dive analysis, design and deliver presentations of analysis work undertaken to senior management and key stakeholders to support better informed decision making. To be successful as a Customer Insight Analyst, you'll need to have experience in generating customer focussed recommendations using qualitative and quantitative research and insight. You'll also need to be experienced in using customer insight tools, customer journey mapping and data generation, analysis and reporting. Additionally, you'll have a strong track record of collaborating successfully with a wide range of stakeholders and the ability to build and maintain effective relationships with both internal and external parties. And, you'll have the ability to work to tight deadlines with world class communication skills both written verbal. In return, we offer an excellent employee salary and 25% cash and benefit funding programme which can be tailored to suit your individual needs. In addition to financial benefits, we offer a wide selection of exclusive lifestyle offers, development and learning programmes, services and support designed to help you manage and balance your own worklife priorities. Please note as part of our referencing process credit checks will be undertaken. If you'd like to discuss this role in confidence please contact David Liddell on **** **** **** Did you know that RBS has won a number of awards as a top employer in the UK in 2012? Best Business Awards 'Best Employer', Business In The Community Top 10 'Ethnic Equality’ ‘Gender’, Working Families 'Top 10 Employer', Workingmums.co.uk Top Employer 'Employee Engagement’, The Times Top 50 ‘Where Women Want to Work’, The Times Top 100 'Graduate Employers’, and The Sunday Times 100 ‘Best Companies to Work For’. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerInsightAnalystEdinburghorLondon_job****