Title: Commercial Underwriter  Full time / Permanent
Webindex: 71676445
Company: AXA
Description: The Role As a Commercial Underwriter, you will underwrite commercial risks from a designated panel of intermediaries, within agreed authority levels, as well as playing a key role supporting the wider team with administration and underwriting tasks. Our Branch network manages all day to day trading, underwriting and service activity, including new business and renewal trading and processing, handling customer enquiries, high quality underwriting for profit and providing a consistent top quality service to all of our customer distribution channels. We will help you build on your strengths, whether this be new business or renewals; and provide tailored mentoring and soft and technical training to help you to maximise your career potential going forward. AXA Commercial Lines is a unique business in the insurance sector. It is comprised of four separate divisions: Intermediary, Direct, Claims Underwriting and Bluefin Insurance Services. These all offer commercial insurance solutions or expert advice to customers. Key Duties You will: Underwrite new and existing business profitability, accurately and in line with established Underwriting practice. Supply underwriting and administration support as required. Maintain and develop business relationships with intermediaries. Produce timely and accurate documentation. Actively encourage generation of profitable new business. Promote the business through a polite, helpful and willing attitude to all customers and colleagues. Assist and coach colleagues with technical and procedural aspects of underwriting. Skills, knowledge and behaviour Experience of Commercial Underwriting is essential. Previous experience of working within a commercial insurance environment and Commercial Underwriting is essential. Aware of market knowledge and trading issues. Technical product knowledge. Excellent interpersonal/communication/sales/negotiation skills. PC/mainframe systems/keyboard skills. Team focused. Effective time management skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialUnderwriterFulltimePermanent_job****