Title: Internal Auditor (upstream)
Webindex: 69983194
Company: Hays Senior Finance UK
Description: This multinational organisation based in London is seeking an outstanding Internal Auditor who must have previous Oil and Gas experience. They offer the opportunity to join one of the most respected employers in the world and to play a key role in an important growth division. Working as part of an assignment team, the Auditor will typically be responsible for delivering elements of an audit under the direction of an Audit Manager or Principal Auditor, although there may be occasions where the Auditor acts as the Lead Auditor on particular audits  for example where the auditor has specific subject matter expertise. The Auditor will typically manage onsite activities for their elements of an audit. Depending on the scope of the audit, the auditor may work as part of an integrated team or focus on certain elements of the audit (e.g. specific subject matter, geography etc). The Auditor will have responsibility for ensuring the quality of their audit work complies with appropriate standards, and for the development of elements of the draft audit reports and other audit deliverables. The Auditor will be responsible for managing a number of relationships with individuals within the business. Key Capabilities:  A sound understanding of risk and control, enabling the development of high quality draft internal audit assignment test plans within key areas of expertise focused on providing assurance over the management of key risks within areas of scope.  Execution of high quality internal audit work and preparation of appropriate audit documentation to support the results of work identified.  Evaluation of audit results and identification of control and process weaknesses, initial evaluation of the relative significance of control and process weaknesses, recommendations for control and process improvements where appropriate and drafting of report sections where appropriate.  Management and escalation of any issues in completing assignments to the Principal Auditor / Audit Director Candidates should possess an accountancy qualification, as well as experience within Internal Audit and Oil and Gas. A can do attitude and excellent communication skills will be essential. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk