Title: Single Regular Premium Product Manager
Webindex: 69686973
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Single Regular Premium Product Manager (Savings and Investments) to work for a large Financial Services company in Central London. You will design and deliver a scalable base of regular premium savings and investment products. Responsibilities will include:  Successful delivery of new, regular single premium savings investment products to target customer groups as identified by the Global Expat/Domestic Affluent proposition managers across all channels (Bank IFA).  Designing regular single premium savings investment products endtoend so that they meet defined objectives (financial and customer).  Writing product specs and identifying platform/delivery criteria.  Leading, with support from the actuarial team, to ensure savings investment products are priced to make money.  Interacting with appropriate areas of FPI and group to understand the key drivers of the financial metrics underlying regular single premium savings investment products.  Providing content for core product literature. You will be responsible for the technical accuracy of all regular single premium savings investment product proposition documentation (excluding policy conditions fund documentation).  Responsible for the product performance of live (open to new business) regular single premium savings investment products globally.  Monitoring product performance against plan through product reviews to ensure delivery against FPI and customer expectations. Highlighting areas of concern and working with key stakeholders to recommend and deliver remedial action.  Responsible for ensuring processes and controls are built into the product development lifecycle to enable a clear demonstration of adherence to all relevant local regulatory requirements.  Proactively working with key internal stakeholders, responding to regulatory and internal process developments to ensure rule responsibilities remain current and documented. We are looking for candidates with the following knowledge, skills and experience:  Understands the financials of Life insurance and in particular the metrics around cash generation and profitability.  Strong problem solving and analytical abilities  Ability to solve complex problems, propose alternative solutions, explore new ways, etc.  Organised and able to prioritise own workload  Creative thinking can demonstrate originality evidence of pushing boundaries  Has the ability to communicate with all levels of management.  Has the ability to work in a core team to get the job done, whilst also being able to drive forwards on own where appropriate.  Strong attention to detail  Strong knowledge of the international savings investment marketplace, including: local marketing/ promotional rules and regulations; an understanding of the regular single premium savings investment product offerings of international competitors (local and offshore) and unique selling points of each.  Experience working in the offshore life market. In return we are able to offer a salary of ******** annual bonus, 30 days holiday per year (plus bank holidays), a fantastic flexi benefits package and many other benefits. We would prefer all applications to be submitted online but if this is not possible then please contact the resourcing team Carlisle Managed Solutions is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.