Title: Corporate Planning & Analysis Manager
Webindex: 68682775
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Accountancy
Description: Our client a UK based financial services company are looking to add and strengthen their Financial Planning Analysis team with a Qualified Corporate Planning Analysis Manager(ACA/ACCA/CIMA) The Role Your role will be to carry out the corporate financial planning to ensure overall Group strategic objectives can be met while Developing and producing the Group annual capital plan at an individual company level this includes the sensitivity analysis of the key risks. You will also develop financial models and reports to assess and model the impact of Corporate business opportunities or market developments while overseeing the development and production of Group strategic annual financial plans and rolling forecasts. You will be involved in all of the strategic analysis along with a heavy involvement within the companies Investments The Person The candidate will be a qualified ACA/ACCA/CIMA while having a strong background in team management and development. You will have great communication skills as you will liaise and present to Senior Management on a regular basis while having significant experience within the planning and forecasting environment. You will be highly analytical and have very strong Excel skills (modelling etc) A background within Insurance and a knowledge of Solvency II is essential. The Benefits As well as having a competitive basic salary and a range of extra benefits there is a real opportunity for career development and for the right candidate to really influence and to add to a company experiencing strong growth and increasing its already accelerated market share. EAF****  Corporate Planning Analysis Manager is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd Finance and Accountancy is the leading recruiter of partqualified Accountants, Financial and Management Accountants, Financial Controllers, and Finance Directors across Surrey, Sussex, London and Kent. Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually, therefore if you do not hear back from one of our consultants you have not been shortlisted for this role. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CorporatePlanningAnalysisManager_job****