Title: Business Services Supervisor
Webindex: 68997413
Company: Howett Thorpe
Description: Top Tier Chartered Accountancy firm are offering the opportunity for an AAT qualified assistant accountant to undertake ACA studies. About You  You will be AAT qualified with a background gained in a Chartered Accountancy firm or Outsourcing organisation.  Good GCSE results including Grade B or higher in Maths and English Language or equivalent are essential.  You will also have 280 UCAS points or equivalent, gained through A levels or vocational studies.  You will ideally want to complete an ACA or ACCA contract and be AAT qualified.  You will have experience in dealing with clients from different sectors and have good commercial awareness and be able to demonstrate strong teamwork and communication skills. About The Role Reporting to the Business Services Managers you will be responsible for:  Preparing statutory financial statements for a variety of clients in an efficient and effective manner.  Ensuring that clients receive a quality service in all aspects for work undertaken for them.  Working as part of a large, cohesive team; but also working unsupervised work on site at clients premises.  Acting as primary contact for your clients. About Our Client Our client is a Top Tier Chartered Accountancy firm with modern offices, a team orientated ethos and excellent benefit and study package.  Things you should know  ACA/ACCA study support  Free parking  Progression potential Howett Thorpe recruit for roles within accounts payable, credit control, payroll also covering accounts assistants, audit, management accounts, financial accounts, analysts, financial controllers, financial directors, corporate finance, tax including all part qualified and qualified vacancies. Howett Thorpe are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this role and comply with all relevant UK legislation and do not discriminate on any protected characteristics. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days please assume that you have not been successful. Refer a friend If this job is not of interest to you, but you know a friend or colleague who may be interested, recommend them to us and receive a minimum of **** in vouchers if we assist them in securing a permanent role and a minimum of **** in vouchers if we place them in a temporary assignment. (Terms & conditions apply)