Title: Finance Assistant  6 Month Fixed Term Contract
Webindex: 68673473
Company: Minstrell Recruitment Ltd
Description: Finance Assistant (Fixed Term Contract) Responsibilities:  Monthly department and divisional cost report.  Monthly department and division headcount analysis.  Preparation of base data for review meetings between the FA Department heads.  Base analysis for preparation of budgets and forecasts.  Nominal Ledger journal preparation and backup.  Ad hoc reporting e.g. T S, car hire  Standard system generated reports from Cognos and Navision.  Ensure accurate divisional overhead accounts are produced each month in a timely and accurate manner using systems available.  Assist in the production of and data load for the management accounts, budgets and forecasts to Cognos, Navision etc.  Prepare base data analysis for statutory accounts production and corporation tax returns.  Preparation and explanation of data submissions to both internal and external auditors.  Preparation of monthly, quarterly and annual benefits reports, cars, medical, fuels allowances etc.  Preparation of base data for regular reviews and reports e.g. weekly STC; headcount and H S analysis.  Ad hoc projects / other e.g. Fixed Asset management, loan interest reviews; preparation and input of monthly nominal ledger journals. Qualifications/Experience:  Numerically literate and able to understand and operate financial systems e.g. Cognos, Navision.  High level of computer literacy on both corporate and Microsoft based applications.  ACA/ACCA/ACMA partqualified; AAT or QBE.  A basic understanding of business functions within a Finance Department.  Ability to work to tight deadlines and achieve targets.  Ability to present and explain data clearly concisely.  Ability to understand new information quickly.  Good written and verbal communication skills.  Investigative / enquiring mind. Please apply direct. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceAssistant6MonthFixedTermContract_job****