Title: Contact Centre Manager (Call Centre Manager)
Webindex: 69041826
Company: Consumer Champion Group
Description: PPI Claimline part of the Consumer Champion Group is a service provided by an established claims company led by financial and legal professionals that has been giving ordinary people access to justice for 20 years . PPI Claimline, has adopted the same principles to help the victims of missold PPI to understand their rights and to help people reclaim the money that they have been unfairly charged for PPI. With the acquisition of PPI Claimline we are now expanding the team and are currently recruiting a Contact Centre Manager based at our Kettering Call Centre. Reporting to the Head of Contact Centre you will be leading and developing contact centre teams ensuring that both service levels and business targets are met / exceeded. Based in the Kettering Call Centre your key responsibilities will be: • Contact centre performance – Motivating Staff and Monitoring Departmental Performance Service Level Agreements and Key Performance Indicators • Customer Service  Championing the needs and expectations of consumers proactively seeking then acting on feedback and complaints to enhance service and ensure customer experience is aligned to brand requirements • Business and Contact Centre Information Deliver effective communication at both Intra and inter departmental level facilitating efficiency across the business. • Team and Business Process development ie. Staff development and Promotions and streamlining of existing processes • Working effectively with support departments: IT, HR, Legal and Finance for example implementing effective cost and resource management strategies aligned with business and stakeholder needs / objectives. What we are looking for: • You will be an excellent communicator comfortable working with Senior management and external customers / suppliers • Experience in managing and developing teams of people (ideally managers) • Demonstrate a track record of consistent delivery of business targets • Experience of B2C or B2B sales & service within a contact centre environment • Experience of working with contact centre resourcing and technologies is highly desirable • Cost management coupled with Reporting and Presentation skills What we offer: • ****  **** Package with Performance related bonus (currently monthly and subject to achievement of targets) • 25 days paid holiday • Stakeholder pension scheme • Childcare vouchers • Travel Club • Eye care vouchers Please note public transport is limited and access to a car is essential. We offer free car parking to all employees. How to Apply This is a fantastic opportunity to play a key role in the growth and success of our Company. If you are interested in taking advantage of this exciting opportunity please email your covering letter and CV to the address below stating that you are applying for the Contact Centre Manager ( Call Centre Manager ) position.