Title: AUDIT TECHNICAL / QUALITY ASSURANCE SPECIALIST
Webindex: 68553100
Company: Warner Scott Recruitment
Description: Sector: Professional Services Location: City of London Salary: &pound****k&pound****k (per annum) Company: Warner Scott Recruitment Urgently seeking experienced External Audit professionals with strong knowledge, application and passion for technical aspect of audit and accounting to play a pivotal role within a highly prestigious organisation based in London. This is a fantastic opportunity for Audit professionals with some experience of providing technical training who are passionate about the technical aspect of their responsibilities and want to branch out beyond a traditional Audit role as well as forge a long term career within a progressive organisation where you can excel both professionally and personally. You will join the Quality review team who monitors the quality of the audits of listed companies and other major entities. It also reviews the policies and procedures of the major audit firms supporting audit quality. It reports publicly each year on its inspection findings, identifying key messages arising for both the audit profession generally and for individual audit firms. The successful candidate will be expected to make an important contribution to the efficient and effective operation, and further development, of the team&rsquos inspection and reporting processes, including the quality control processes established to ensure high quality and consistent reporting on individual audits and audit firms. Responsibilities: Contributing to the further development and updating of the Team&rsquos inspection methodology and supporting guidance. Advising Team members on audit technical and financial reporting issues arising from the reviews of individual audits and of audit firms&rsquo policies and procedures. Managing the operation of certain aspects of the quality control processes established within the team and the wider standards division. Liaising with other parts of the organisation and external parties as appropriate, including contributing to the team&rsquos input to standardsetting bodies on auditing, accounting and ethical issues. Undertaking ad hoc projects often dealing with current and topical audit quality issues. Preparing and reviewing papers and reports for the organisation&rsquos committees or for publication. Qualifications and experience: Member of ICAEW, ACCA, ICAS or ICAI with experience at Manager or Senior Manager level in a major audit firm (or equivalent organisation) in a technical, training and/or quality control function. Thorough knowledge of the regulatory framework for auditing in the UK. Strong communication skills, both written and oral. The ability to make sound and balanced judgments. Welldeveloped interpersonal skills. The sensitivity to operate effectively in a challenging professional environment. Rewards and benefits: The organisation offers competitive remuneration packages, depending on experience, with generous benefits, discretionary annual bonus and ****0 days annual leave. The organisation has a strong work/ life balance ethos. Parttime working (3 4 days a week) considered. The role provides a unique insight into how the major firms operate and how they are responding to current issues affecting the audit profession. The satisfaction of being able to influence changes in the policies and procedures of the major audit firms to enhance audit quality. The opportunity to work with other parts of the organisation. Dealing with challenging and topical audit quality issues. For further details or for a confidential discussion please contact Fatima Luna on **** **** **** Please apply now&nbsp