Title: Commercial Finance Advisor
Webindex: 69589880
Company: Michael Page Financial Services
Description: The main responsibilities of the role are to:  Provide daytoday front line finance support to the business,acting as a trusted advisor and bringing ideas,structure,risk assessment,analysis and other contributions that add value.  Own and enable an effective process for the review and approval of new business opportunities that strikes a balance between speed to market and appropriate,riskbased due diligence. In particular,the role acts as the conduit to functional finance areas of expertise,ensuring that issues and risks in these areas are appropriately considered and managed. However,you will also make a valuable contribution at various stages of the deal lifecycle,including peer review and challenge of commercial rationale,economic analysis such as return on key r Job Knowledge, Skills Experience:  A broad and agile thinker, with interpersonal skills that build trust and credibility.  A willingness to embrace variety, ambiguity and fast changing priorities.  A strong track record of performance and delivery.  An external focus, willing to build knowledge of the market and of the business and its value drivers.  Excellent analytical skills with the ability to ``connect the dots``  Communication skills.  Integrity, resilience and strength of character.  Proactive approach and mindset to propose and drive improvement and change.  A strong degree, with a finance/accounting qualification preferred.  Previous Commodities House Excellent package Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialFinanceAdvisor_job****