Title: Head of Business Support
Webindex: 69537233
Company: Sammons Group
Description: Head of Business Support Hastings Ref: **** ****k Reporting to the Chief Executive the role focuses on: To manage the operations and development of the company reporting into the Group Chief Executive, and the Board. To lead and line manage a team of Business Managers supporting the growth and development of the commercial income streams To manage and oversee the promotion of the advice, lending and business start up programmes (working alongside the Head of Training) To support the Chief Executive in developing the strategy for the Group, and then implementing the strategy Developing partnerships that will support the growth expansion plans Supporting clients with lending applications and/or business consultancyTo meet the above responsibilities it would be essential that the below is achieved: Develop commercial income streams to ensure the Groups meets financial budgets Achievement of key contractual targets Developing and maintaining partnerships with key stakeholders to ensure the furtherance of the aims of the company Ensure that clients receive value for money and outstanding customer service To support and develop the Group teamAccomplishment of the above means: Achievement of contractual targets Meeting or exceeding financial budgets Achievement of customer service targetsEssential criteria: Education to a minimum of Level 3 or equivalent, preferably Level 4. Professional business qualifications desirable. Knowledge of working with a wide range of businesses. Knowledge and experience of leading and developing a team Knowledge of the local economy and wider economic influences including local economic development Sound knowledge of business issues, particularly those that impact on SMEs. Broad management experience at all levels. Experience in understanding the needs of businesses and how to satisfy these needs. Experience in a commercial /financial environment. Experience in presenting and arguing cases to a variety of audiences. Ability to lead a team independently while retaining a strong corporate focus Organisational (including time management) and negotiating skills. Strong communication skills, both written and oral, including presentations skills Listening skills Coaching and mentoring Financial and data analysis Team working Decision making Marketing skills MS Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint)Desirable criteria: Experience in a lending environment is highly desirable if not essential An understanding of credit risk is highly desirablePlease only apply to our job vacancies if you live within a commutable distance to the job location, or if you are in the process of relocating to said location. We endeavour to reply to all applications, however, if you haven t heard from us within 7 days, you have been unsuccessful with this particular role. You are very welcome to apply to future advertisements placed by The Sammons Group. The Sammons Group is an Employment Business and Employment Agency as defined by the EAA Regulations **** and we abide by the Code of Practice of our industry body (the Recruitment & Employment Confederation  REC). We are committed to supporting and promoting diversity in the workplace, and have achieved the EQuality Assured standard, as endorsed by the Recruitment & Employment Confederation. We welcome applications from candidates regardless of age, belief, disability, ethnic origin/nationality, gender/gender reassignment, marital/civil partnership status, pregnancy/maternity, or sexual orientation  we recruit on the basis of talent