Title: Accounts & Payroll Assistant
Webindex: 68678076
Company: Sharp Consultancy
Description: This thriving manufacturing business based in Sheffield is looking for an Accounts Payroll Assistant to join their busy Accounts team on a full time permanent basis. This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to work in a fast paced environment for this well established business. Reporting to the Financial Controller you will be responsible for the input of high volume purchase invoices on a daily basis ensuring speed and exceptional accuracy throughout. In addition to this, you will also be working alongside the Senior Payroll Manager covering various aspects of payroll, such as processing SSP/SPP/SMP on a monthly basis for up to **** employees. Assisting with any other ad hoc tasks as and when required will also be a part of this varied role. Ideally you will have experience of working in a similar Accounts Payroll Assistant role. You will be meticulous with exceptional customer service skills as this business prides itself on delivering excellent customer service to their customers. Proficient working knowledge of packages including Pegasus and Sage Line **** as well as excellent Microsoft Excel skills would also be advantageous. This role offers excellent progression opportunities for the right candidate with the added benefit of a desirable starting salary and free parking on site. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK full time without restriction. To apply please send your CV to Rachael Kerr at the email address stated, quoting our reference and specifying which website you saw this position advertised on. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to your application within seven days please note that on this occasion your application has not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsPayrollAssistant_job****