Title: Funding Monitoring Officer  External Funding, European Regional Affairs
Webindex: 71552706
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Funding Monitoring Officer  External Funding, European Regional Affairs Reference no: Halton **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: WA**** **** What s involved with this role: The main purpose of the post will be to monitor the implementation of externally funded regeneration programmes and external funding initiatives. The post will contribute to the fulfilment of the Accountable Body role in respect of the Enterprise Zone, as well as the subcontractor role in delivering the Government s Single Work Programme. The post will focus on close monitoring and evaluation of expenditure, outputs and outcomes at both a programme and a project level. Duties include: Liaising and negotiating with a wide range of external agencies and organisations in respect of the development and implementation of externally funded projects and programmes, thereby contributing to the social and economic regeneration of the borough Working with the Regeneration Manager in ensuring that documentation, record keeping, accounting and communication is maintained within the team leading to effective partnership working across the statutory, voluntary and independent sectors. This will include planning, monitoring and reviewing expenditure, physical as well as outcomes against the programme budget to ensure projects are delivered to programme profiles. Manage and take direct responsibility for the implementation and financial management of programmes and projects. Take a key role in the management of development, coordination and monitoring of capital and revenue projects. Maintain a good working knowledge of relevant policies, procedures and legislation relating to the implementation ofFunding Programmes and projects. Manage and be responsible for the monitoring and review of a caseload of projects, Prepare and submit individual project and cumulative quarterly claims verifying supporting information for arithmetical accuracy as required by the funding providers within the agreed deadlines To contribute to the implementation of the Contract Management Framework for the Work Programme To ensure that all necessary monitoring data is prepared for progress meetings with Prime Contractors and to represent the Council at such meetings Take responsibility for the development of appropriate policies and strategies as appropriate. Lead on preparing progress reports to relevant Council committees as well as the Daresbury Joint Venture board, which will include preparing reports/papers on Programme/Projects Management and performance. Work with the department s Technical Support team to maintain a comprehensive database for programmes/projects. Lead on and provide training to staff at all levels on the monitoring and evaluation of approved projects and programmes. Contributing to the production and implementation of the divisional plan N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also highlight that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Degree/ diploma, ICF Qualification, AARC Qualification Minimum of 2 years recent experience within a funding monitoring role, preferably within a public sector organisation Direct experience of bidding for /managing large regeneration funding, for example, ERDF, RGF, GPF Experience of monitoring regeneration programmes Experience of bidding for largescale funding Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Transport, Environment Leisure Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 23 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited