Title: Commercial Underwriters  AXA Business Insurance
Webindex: 68710525
Company: AXA
Description: Commercial Underwriters  AXA Business Insurance Background AXA Commercial Lines is a unique business in the insurance sector. It has four separate divisions: Intermediary, Business Insurance, Claims Underwriting and Bluefin Insurance Services. These all offer commercial insurance solutions and expert advice to customers. We are accredited by the Chartered Insurance Institute (CII). This means we put our customers' interests at the heart of everything we do. These vacancies are in our Business Insurance division, dealing with all aspects of direct commercial Insurance, whether face to face, by telephone, internet or through large partners, such as HSBC. As a Commercial Underwriter within Service Operations you will be key to the performance of the AXA Business Insurance account. Your judgement and influencing skills will impact influence growth, profit and retention, as well as customer satisfaction. We will give you the time and support you need to have a fulfilling career in a growing and ambitious organisation. The role Your key accountabilities are to; Underwrite new or existing business profitably, accurately and in line with established underwriting practice. Deliver renewal of existing customers in line with team targets. Provide underwriting support to customers, internal and external as required. Develop and maintain relationships with customers and colleagues through high quality interaction across all mediums (email, telephony, facetoface). Produce timely and accurate documentation. Respond to the changing insurance requirements of our customer in a timely and accurate manner. Actively grow the Axa Business Insurance business through the identifying and acting on opportunities to crosssell and upsell. Assist in the coaching and development of colleagues with technical and procedural aspects of underwriting, as required. Work within underwriting authority. Own any queries received and resolve correctly, quickly and efficiently at the first opportunity. Skills, knowledge and behaviour Technical product knowledge. PC/mainframe systems/keyboard skills. Team focused. Effective time management skills. Progression towards DIP CII  desirable. ‘A’ Level or equivalent education. Relevant Commercial Insurance experience. Additional job board published information 35 hours per week Monday  Friday between 8:00am and 8:00pm and Saturday ****:00am2:00pm (on a rota basis). Annual Bonus Scheme  typically 6% of annual basic salary. Joint contribution (‘money purchase’) pension scheme. 23 days annual holiday, increasing to **** after two year's service, to 28 days by 5th year of service (plus Bank Holidays). Flexible benefits scheme. Interest free season ticket loan scheme. Structured personal development. A comprehensive training package. Dress down days on Friday. Free drinks (tea/coffee etc). Contact Simon Brinson, Resourcing Partner, **** **** CLRecruitmentInboxaxainsurance.co.uk Please ensure that your application is completed and submitted online no later than the closing date. Your fully completed application will be acknowledged by email. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialUnderwritersAXABusinessInsurance_job****