Title: Flexible Benefits Account Manager
Webindex: 72440925
Company: Alexander Lloyd   Compliance & Financial Services
Description: A privately owned employee benefits company are looking to recruit a Flexible Benefits Account Manager. The Flexible Benefits Account Manager will be involved in the management of strategically important clients and relationships, helping to shape the client's solution. Key responsibilities include:  Take ownership of relationships with key existing and prospective Clients and Partners  Lead commercial conversations with Clients and Partners covering all aspects of the contracts and working relationship with the company  Support and lead business development opportunities with key strategic clients (existing and new Clients / Partners)  Assist in other areas of the business to troubleshoot and resolve issues where required  Build detailed technical understanding of our products in order to be able to assist direct clients and partners with maximizing their use of the application. This to include understanding of when to upgrade, integration capabilities and the features in each version  Be capable of demoing all our products to clients and prospects The Person The successful applicant should be:  Educated to undergraduate level in a businessrelated discipline, or with considerable training and further development in general business and commercial matters  Experience of working with and managing external Boardlevel clients  Experience at leading commercial discussions with clients  Ideally experience of consulting with clients on flexible benefits  Ideally experience of assisting clients with their technical understanding of a flex system and maximizing its use  Possess excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability to listen to clients and interpret their needs  Demonstrate good management and leadership skills developed in a supportive and high performing environment  Be able to multitask and prioritise own workload. Will work with others to ensure critical deadlines are met  Selfmotivated and able to work on their own initiative. Will inspire and encourage others to follow their lead  Demonstrate excellent analytical and creative problemsolving skills combined with attention to detail and excellent presentation of documents The Benefits Generous benefits are associated including bonus, pension, fee parking and more. PRL****  Flexible Benefits Account Manager is only one of many vacancies we are handling. Alexander Lloyd is a specialist within Financial Services recruitment. Areas of expertise include IFA, Advisors, Employee Benefits, Compliance, Pensions, Group Risk, Paraplanners, Sales Support, T C etc. We predominately focus on London, Surrey, Sussex and Kent, although we have also been highly successfully in offering national solutions. Please continue to check our website www.alexanderlloyd.co.uk for any other roles which may be of interest. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FlexibleBenefitsAccountManager_job****