Title: Partner Job  Milton Keynes
Webindex: 71635655
Description: Partner  Private Client Our client's highly successful Wills, Probate & Wealth Protection practice group is expanding due to client demand and are now looking for a partner to join this Legal **** rated team. The successful candidate will have both the capacity and capability to deliver a range of related legal services to an established client base as well as having the drive and enthusiasm to develop their own portfolio of clients. A client following is essential, as are strong contacts and the ability to further develop these are key. You will work closely with the Head of Department with various business development initiatives, and also have the opportunity to focus on the following: ongoing supervision, coaching and development of team members, High Net Worth client work  both the development of this area and the delivery of legal services to this client group further development of the team and the services they offer, internal and external business development promoting the team's/firm's range of services. In additional we would also be interested to hear from candidates with international experience due to the increasing amount of work our client has outside the UK. Other key areas of responsibility will include: staff management, client work and relationship management. The role will report directly to the Head of Department, and will be based at the Milton Keynes office. To be considered for this role you will be a qualified solicitor or FILEX equivalent with a minimum of **** yrs post qualification experience or equivalent. You must be able to demonstrate relevant exposure to high net worth clients and referrers and have experience of managing and developing a team. This role offers superb career progression with an opportunity to gain unbeatable experience through quality work and comes with the excellent remuneration package and benefits you would expect from a national firm. Randstad Financial & Professional encourage applications from individuals of all ages & backgrounds. Appointment will be made on merit alone but candidates must be able to demonstrate their ability to work in the UK. Randstad Financial & Professional acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment & an employment business for temporary recruitment as defined by the Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Business Regulations ****