Title: Senior Depository Manager
Webindex: 71555058
Company: Positive Selection
Description: My client is in urgent need of a commercially experienced professional to assist with the carrying out of strategic policy set down by the Company. To support and foster collegiate and friendly interpersonal relationships at all levels. You will undertake responsibility for a portfolio of the Company s clients, and train junior staff reporting to him/her. You will also be appointed an A signatory of the Company. You will liaise with and coordinate the relationship with the Fund Administrator and Transfer Agent, to set up operational interfaces and work flows, both on a transactional and compliance basis, ensuring that the risks and efficiency of the Company are managed. Key Responsibilities will be to review and implement operating manual and process maps around depositary/custody service and manages depositary operations team and introduce and oversee control around the business and handson management of the service delivery team, and Interact widely across the group with IT, Training officers and HR, COO and Operations Directors to implement the depositary/custody business line and attend meetings and pitches to contribute to marketing material. The Depository Manager will be expected to provide on going support to the Managing Director, and senior managers of the Company by being proactive in their approach to management of staff and to ensure that they uphold the policies and procedures of the Company as a whole. You will have strong experience in either new depositary or custody business to alternative assets (Private Equity/Real Estate etc.), with knowledge of the operational components. Extensive experience in the Finance and Banking industry environment, accounting or institute of banking qualifications advantageous, as would a background in investments/private equity sector. Europe has introduced a new directive called AIFMD which essentially forces fund managers to have a depositary and to increase their mandatory reporting to investors. Our client therefore needs the candidate to ensure that we have legal documents (deeds of sale, stock certificates) for each investment held by our funds both electronically Checking that each significant payment in and out of the funds is in line with their investment criteria Reporting regularly to investors both numbers & some commentary