Title: Accounts/Audit Senior Manager  Exclusive to Austin Rose
Webindex: 66497854
Company: Austin Rose
Description: Are you an experienced Accounts/Audit Manager who is looking for the opportunity to take the lead role in managing the accounts audit department of a progressive general practice firm? Are you a proactive and driven individual who is keen to motivate a team to increase efficiency as well as improve processes and procedures across the firm s two offices? Our client, a progressive and growing, medium sized accountancy firm have recently restructured the business to allow for continued growth and improved performance. As part of this restructure, a role has been created to head up the accounts and audit department of 10 staff. The successful candidate will take responsibility for all elements of the day to day running of the department and will work towards RI status as they settle into the role. In addition to the day to day management of the department, the firm are seeking an individual who is able to drive change throughout the firm and who will take a lead role in improving all elements of the processes and procedures of the division. The client base of firm is predominantly focused on OMBs with turnovers up to c****m, although most of the audit clients are between 10m and ****m, in sectors such as hospitality, travel and leisure. The firm has recently won a number of large audits including a small number with the requirement for reporting under IFRS. The firm are seeking an individual who is proactive and driven, and therefore are committed to providing a sensible and achievable route to partnership. As the successful candidate you will:  Be ACA or ACCA qualified  Have experience of managing staff within a general practice environment within a firm of at least **** Partners  Ideally have driven change and improved performance of a department  Demonstrate the ability to lead by example and motivate staff In exchange the firm is offering the opportunity to work in an environment that is conducive to change and that will allow you the autonomy to put your ideas into practice. Please call me to discuss this role in more detail, alternatively apply online for immediate consideration. If you are looking for a Senior Manager role in North West London talk to Austin Rose, the public practice recruitment specialists.