Title: Claims Validation Team Controller
Webindex: 68285987
Description: The primary tasks of the role are: Desk based investigation of suspect insurance claims and other suspected fraudulent insurance activity. Use of established investigations and search tools together with newer internet based / social networking tools etc. Work with the IFB and other insurers and supplies on larger fraud network investigations Responsible for working on and project managing a large number of fraud cases from individual cases to large fraud networks including staged accidents, phantom passengers etc. Collate information on fraudulent activity, and updating departmental and company records in relation to fraud savings. Analyse data information and recommend appropriate action. Conduct interviews with individuals to obtain statements regarding irregularities. Work closely with other Claims Validation Officers and the Head of Fraud to recommend developments to the fraud detection and prevention systems and to assist in implementing these developments. Audit the quality of the strategies set by the Claims Validation Officers Deputise for the Head of Fraud on technical issues Act as a referral point for others in the business who need support and decisions made upon claims and other incidents that have suspicious aspects to them; and lending support to colleagues who need assistance with such files. Assist with the training and familiarization of all staff across the business on fraud matters. Work with any external suppliers of fraud solutions and services, external bodies including the police and other public and private services. Attend court hearings where necessary. Negotiate and settle claims up to **** without referral in relation to Accidental Damage and Third Party Property Damage (including credit hire). Compliant with the standards laid out by various regulatory bodies including FSA, ABI etc Contribute proportionally to the Team's achievement of all its targets Action appraisal points from quarterly reviews and achieve personal objectives and targets. Provide feedback to UW dept on the types of fraud detected in order that measures can be put in place to avoid taking on fraudulent policyholders. Who we re looking for Our client is looking for a candidate with the following skills and experience : Expert knowledge and understanding of fraud and investigation processes and tools Expert knowledge and understanding of insurance claims handling and claims negotiation preferably including personal injury claims Good knowledge and understanding of the Data Protection Act and its implications in respect of fraud investigations Sound knowledge and understanding of the law related to insurance and fraud as well as proven track record in dealing with the police and other fraud investigations people in the industry, and with the IFB. Excellent customer skills and the ability to spot and challenge unusual (and fraudulent) behaviour. Good knowledge and understanding of IT systems, information searches, internet, social networking and other investigation tools. Ability to work autonomously or as part of a team. Ability to use own initiative and work proactively where possible. Excellent telephone manner Ability to act as a point of referral for claims and other insurance staff A proven track record of handling PI claims with a value in excess of ****k. About our client Our client is one of the largest employers in the local area and well know nationally What s on offer A competitive salary and package