Title: Corporate Retail Banking PMO (Perm)
Webindex: 68292779
Company: Badenoch Clark Ltd
Description: Corporate / Retail Banking PMO (Project Management Office) Leading Banking institution is currently looking to hire a PMO to join there Business Change and Global business support group. Group is responsible for pan change business support across all Change programmes and business led initiatives. Range across proprietary IT systems, wholesale banking projects and coordination of front line facing business activities across its domestic banking activities. Project Management Office conducts all business management activity and Project Management activity including release management and quality assurance governance and tracking. This area will ensure a high quality business project management service to key stakeholders, create a new pan Project Management Office and provide essential oversight to all partners including outsourced change models with external suppliers. This team will provide key central support in identified areas, governance over change, ensure adherence to Group Change methodology and release planning and quality assurance on key deliverables. Principal responsibilities  The role of Assistant Manager, Project Management Office is an exciting opportunity to be involved in providing a robust Project Management service to support the delivery of programmes/projects across the Business, Change and Management function. The size of Change Group and its impact on the firms results is significant so strong control mechanisms to ensure timely and efficient delivery are critical. The role gives the opportunity to be involved in supporting a variety of projects, including all projects at group level. Experience of Project Management methodologies, change management and an understanding of the firms change approach in conjunction with good analytical skills are key to this role. The Assistant Manager reports into the Manager, Business Management and PMO. Prerequisite Requirements  Project Management Office, Change Methodology Prince **** Qualification Change Management Tool Kit with clear examples of delivery within Retail / Corp and Wholesale Banking Strong communication skills and ability to work with a wide portfolio of clients. Please apply early to undertake this exciting permanent opportunity with a leading Change Group with wide scope to redefine current business architecture. Applicants will be asked to qualify there experience in line with key requirements outlined by our client. URL removed  Let s find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User.