Title: Senior PA/Office Manager
Webindex: 68696812
Company: Gel Appointments
Description: PA to Director  Full email inbox management, constantly review and action emails where possible on behalf of Director  Being aware of monthly financial targets for Finsbury Circus and Chelmsford and ensure constant communication between teams and Directors to ensure targets are exceeded.  Monitoring jobs passed around the Group  Maintaining constant communication with clients and organising regular “catch up” meetings  Typing of all email/letter correspondence either face to face or over the telephone  Proactive diary management accepting and sending invitations on behalf of Director. Organising all internal/external meetings, creating agendas and obtaining (if appropriate) notes/documents/case files from previous meeting. Full responsibility of all logistics as necessary.  Organising travel for all meetings maintaining conscious approach to costs  Acting as first point of contact for all queries, screening calls and taking messages or actioning where possible on behalf of Director  Maintain detailed and accurate timesheets  Completion of all expense claims and update of internal antibribery register  As Director is predominantly field based, ensure regular communication is maintained in order he is up to date with all meetings/emails  Follow up on all new insolvency appointments ensuring case review notes are circulated to recipient office together with supporting documentation, case set up on IPS/TMS, all statutory documentation is filed as appropriate (Companies House/Insolvency Service), instruction of agents/solicitors, ensure all insurances are in place for bonding, undertake internal money laundering checks and obtain supporting evidence where required, completion of internal Bank strategy documents  Assist Director in completion of annual staff remuneration reviews  Assist Director in formulating budgets (generally obtaining information in order budget decisions can be made)  Acting as contact point between Chelmsford and London offices  Preparing and submitting Director’s Annual Return to licensing body in good time  Coordinating all marketing, corporate hospitality and social events between London and Chelmsford office and attending (when required)  Dealing with all personal correspondence  Filing/faxing/scanning Office Support  Monitor/Record staff sickness/absence, holiday approval etc. Maintain accurate records on internal “holidays” spreadsheet and liaise with HR to update staff Snowdrop records.  Coordinating preemployment screening for new recruits.  Coordinating annual and interim PDRs.  Maintain electronic “HR” file.  Coordinate inductions for new staff.  Responsible for ISO monthly audits and processes manual and coordinate external visits.  Arranging and minuting monthly management meetings between Directors and Team Managers. Ensuring all action points are followed up as appropriate.  Oversee Business Continuity model for FC office and update where appropriate.  Joint responsibility of support team comprising four members of staff (reception/support staff) monitoring workload and redistributing if necessary  Responsibility for morning post and review/distribution to team Managers including completion of daily cheque registers  Answering office telephones/providing reception cover if necessary  General point of contact for any outside queries in the office from an operational perspective  Also to Assist Secretary to the Head of Dept and other directors where necessary There is a possibility of this position becoming permanent. Whilst we will endeavour to contact you following your response due to the high volume of applications this cannot always be possible. If you have not had notification within 7 days unfortunately your application has not been successful but we will keep your details on file for future opportunities. This vacancy is being advertised by GEL Appointments Ltd. Registered Office: Registration Number: 2794755The services advertised by GEL Appointments Ltd are those of an Employment Agency This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorPAOfficeManager_job****