Title: Accountant  Customer Operations
Webindex: 68806535
Company: Nationwide
Description: Introduction At Nationwide, Customer Operations are responsible for all large scale, product based customer processes incorporating banking, savings, mortgages, credit cards, complaints, PPI and document management. Customer Operations are at the heart of the business and drive our vision to be the UK s leading retail financial services provider. As a division dedicated to service we need to provide service at pace, functioning under a flexible operating model where resources are moved to meet demand. Whilst maintaining a high quality of service to our customers, which is paramount. This service needs to be cost efficient and in an ever challenging internal and external financial market, the role of Finance in supporting the Operations is crucial. Group Operations account for over half of Nationwide s cost base and we need to constantly evolve our levels of Management Information to ensure we can understand and challenge the costs where appropriate. You ll provide the analysis that will sustain those challenges. Supporting the Customer Operations Division, you ll impact the way Nationwide manages its cost base through reporting and the development of our current management information to incorporate KPI s, trend analysis, unit costings and then end to end process costing, aiding and working closely with the business partners to maximize value. A more challenging role Reporting to the Senior Finance Manager and working closely with numerous business managers, you ll provide commercial and financial reporting to the business areas. Much more than a standard accountancy role, you ll be expected to support senior business managers, taking responsibility for financial analysis and reporting for each area of the division. So you ll keep track of costs, develop budgets and monthly forecasts reporting packs and ensure that planning deadlines are met. You ll also provide detailed financial analysis throughout the year, adding value through cost transparency and articulation of the financials. What s more, by identifying ways to develop and improve our reporting, you ll play a vital part in the ongoing financial success of the division and help Nationwide achieve its strategic goals; to become the UK leader in its field. A more talented person To start with, you ll need to be a qualified accountant or studying towards a professional qualification at the final stages with either ACCA or CIMA. You will have strong analytical skills and a proven ability to assimilate lots of complex data quickly and accurately, extracting the key points and summarising the key driver s    drainers on the cost base. An individual with good communication skills, you ll have no problem building relationships with customers and influencing at all levels, you will have the drive and ambition to make a real difference. A friendly, positive addition to any team, you ll be someone who can quickly establish your credibility and use your commercial awareness to help drive improvements in reporting and management information. And if you can show a spirit of continuous learning actively looking for opportunities to develop you ll soon be raising your own profile while having a big impact on building a better customer experience. Advanced PC skills, in particular Excel and PowerPoint, are essential. An employer you re proud of Our mutual status means we re here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We re always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That s why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve You put a lot into your work. But you also know you get a great deal in return. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we ll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you ve come to expect, including plenty of scope for development and growth.