Title: Technology Risk Services Executive
Webindex: 68708368
Company: Michael Page Finance
Description: Provide the advice necessary to help both internal and external audit clients manage IT risk. To deliver objective, valueadded solutions that will enable clients to strengthen IT internal controls and governance processes, implement sound organisational strategies, increase technological capabilities and improve their operational efficiency. To work as part of the team, effectively providing a hands on advisory service that exceeds client expectations and supports the Partner/Senior Manager team. Main Responsibilities Markets  attends external events to create networks and potential new opportunities  involved in office marketing events, is an `ambassador` of the firm demonstrating knowledge of its products and services  develops contacts within other ser Education and Qualifications Essential Skills Maths and English Language at GCSE or equivalent Relevant IT audit qualification (CISA,QiCA,CISM etc) Desirable Skills First time passes at each stage of professional exams Undergraduate degree or equivalent with a minimum **** class Qualified Accountant Experience Essential Skills Technical awareness and auditing experience of common operating systems, financial applications, and underlying databases. Evidence of experience in IT auditing and risk management. Evidence of experience of preparing and delivering presentations. Desirable Experience in applying Computer Assisted Audit Tools (CAATs) such as IDEA/ACL on audit enga Leading Professional Services Firm based in Birmingham. Up to **** basic salary  benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnologyRiskServicesExecutive_job****