Title: Part Time Accounts Senior (practice background essential)
Webindex: 71554929
Company: Prospect Recruitment Ltd
Description: To cover a period of maternity leave yet with the potential for a permanent position in the future; this interim role is an ideal way to return to preparing accounts or to reduce your hours if you are currently unhappy in a full time position. You will be working in a small, closeknit and modern office environment where the Directors are handson and there is an open door culture. As such, you need to be able to comfortably work with others in a fairly small, busy office. Your work will see you preparing accounts and assisting in basic tax computations for a wide range of ownermanaged businesses throughout the country. Industries are varied but include a large number of technology and service companies. Your work will be reviewed by the Manager or a Director in most cases. They have a high level of attention to detail and they expect a thoughtful and methodical approach in their colleagues. The sooner you are able to start, the longer the potential handover period, however, they will wait for the right person and having no handover would not be a disaster. To qualify for consideration, you must have proven experience of preparing accounts within a firm of accountants. Those without practice experience will be rejected instantly. Thank you for viewing this vacancy. Please rest assured that all applications are reviewed by an experienced consultant at Prospect Recruitment Ltd. Regrettably, due to the high volume of applications we receive, only those we feel are suitable for this role or alternative vacancies will be contacted by us. Please apply now for further information. We represent positions in the following disciplines: Accountancy, Audit, Taxation, Insolvency, Corporate Finance and Business Recovery throughout West Kent and the South East including Tunbridge Wells, Sevenoaks, Borough Green, Crowborough, West Kingsdown, Edenbridge etc More information is available at prospectrecruitment