Title: IT Risk and Governance Analyst
Webindex: 71750406
Company: Oliver James Associates
Description: Role: IT Risk and Governance Analyst Location: Dorking / Bristol / London To monitor and manage IT Risk and Governance across the IT function to ensure a proactive and professional monitoring, reporting and testing risk and governance service. To ensure this service is in support of the business s management aims in understanding and effectively managing governance risk responsibilities. Accountabilities Provide leadership and subject matter expertise in IT Security IT Risk and Control governance on behalf of the business. Assist in the development of, and establish a Groupwide IT Risks and Controls framework, working across business units to ensure adoption and to advise and assist in the process of control definition and testing. In conjunction with the IT Architecture team, business unit IT teams and technology partners, define and promote the use of standard technology solutions to mitigate information security risks. Ensure that the HR and Business Services functions effectively manage all operational risks relevant to the business by working closely with department Managers to ensure conformance with Operational Risk guidelines and risk appetites. Keep updated with, and assess relative to the business, Information Security threats, vulnerabilities, market practices and regulatory changes. Management of the HR and Business Services function s Risk and Audit actions; support the functions by ensuring that resulting actions are completed on schedule and can be appropriately evidenced. Ensure that the HR and Business Services functions is trained in the risk management system (ERA) and that it is kept up to date, reflecting the operational risk profile of the function and that all significant events are recorded accurately on ERA in sufficient detail to understand the root cause in terms of control failure. Experience and Skills Financial services experience. At least 3 years experience in an IT Risk role Good knowledge of risk management principles and practices affecting the IT environment. Broad knowledge of best practice technology and techniques deployed to mitigate IT Risks. IT audit policies and practices. Practical knowledge and experience of control frameworks (such as COBIT), their relationship to other frameworks (ITIL, CMMI etc.) and their application within a Financial Services environment to assist in the management of IT risks and the establishment of a structured control environment. Good knowledge of IT security policies, procedures and best practice (e.g. ISO27000). Process analysis and control design. Good stakeholder management.