Title: Income/Debt Recovery Officer  Housing Services
Webindex: 62003805
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Income/Debt Recovery Officer  Housing Services Reference no: Orbit **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: ME**** **** What s involved with this role: To provide a debt recovery service as directed by the Senior Accounts Officer, including assisting the Accounts Officers and Income Assistants to investigate disputed debts, and instigate contact with residents to discuss their arrears. Responsible for ensuring efficient and effective collection of rents and other charges to recover unpaid debts Responsible for maintaining and updating records in order to prepare statistics and reports as necessary Acting as the first point of contact and dealing with customer enquiries Responsible for providing advice on entitlements to housing and welfare benefits, debt management and maximising personal income Investigate disputed debts and assist with all income administration and debt recovery initiatives. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are available to start work immediately OR at short notice. We cannot use information in covering letters, so your CV must work as a standalone document We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of 12 months recent income recovery experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation A basic understanding of domestic budgeting, debt management and the housing benefit system Experience of providing advice to the public Experience of office administration Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Housing Services/Income Recovery/Admin Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are designated temporary, though in practice we find that the vast majority of them get extended on a multiple/long term basis. This one is expected to be for 4 months, initially. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited