Title: IFA  Leeds
Webindex: 68574607
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: My Client is currently looking for an experienced IFA to join their business in Leeds City Centre. Based in their Leeds office you will provide a full independent financial planning service to the practices HNW clients. THE ROLE AND CANDIDATE You will be an ambitious and experienced IFA with high earning potential. Your hands on approach, coupled with your ability to encourage and motivate others will underpin your drive to build new and existing business with clients, securing strong relationships at all levels. Demonstrable record of high sales success Proven knowledge of FSA regulations and all codes relevant to the business to ensure compliance at all times Ability to identify and manage sales opportunities through an understanding of products, funds, markets and relevant financial instruments A commitment to professional development and the drive to work towards professional qualifications as required. Knowledge of and capability to proactively communicate with team and clients Independent, forward thinking and influential individual that can demonstrate a hands on approach Ability to generate business from new and existing clients and to develop and maintain strong relationships SIPP and SSAS background desirable Pension transfers, scheme servicing experience Client generation through accountancy sources Demonstrate extensive knowledge of advanced financial planning. Dealt extensively with private clients Attend advisor conferences and team meetings to share and exchange views and drive forward best practice and innovation within our services portfolio Suitable candidates for this role will have a successful track record over a period of time with high levels of fee and commission income. Candidates will ideally be Diploma qualified or working towards this, and have the desire to achieve Chartered Financial Planner status. A transferable client bank is not essential for the successful candidate. This is a fantastic opportunity with a great basic salary, commission structure and benefit package. For more information please contact Graeme Hyland on N/A or email visit (url removed) for further opportunities. If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful.