Title: Commercial Business Partner
Webindex: 67101209
Company: Robert Half
Description: As a Commercial Business Partner you will be part of a **** strong (and growing) internal cost transformation team managing projects that typically last up to 3 months. Each of these projects will identify and deliver cost savings to increase profitability across the Group. Within this team you will have a real opportunity to operate effectively at the highest level with one on the UK's largest and complex blue chip organisations and be in control of the pace of your career progression. The role is a permanent internal consulting role, in which you will operate at senior level focusing on back to floor analysis of business units to identify commercial improvements. You will need to gain immediate buyin with business unit MD's and FD's and begin a commercial fact finding operation before scoping and planning each project and delivering to measurable milestones you have set. Throughout each project you will present your findings and the financial implications to key stakeholders as well as run workshops to increase commercial efficiency. Suitable candidates will be newly qualified or recently qualified (CIMA, ACA, ACCA) will an outstanding academic background. You will be able to demonstrate a commercial mindset and/or have gained strong commercial exposure in a progressive career to date. Strong interpersonal skills are a prerequisite for success in this role to manage stakeholders and deliver feedback. This is an exceptional opportunity for driven individuals looking for the opportunity to continue to deliver and achieve and continue to fast track their career. Package ****  ****  Car Allowance  Personal Bonus  Performance Bonus  Benefits Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply.