Title: Senior Compliance Adviser
Webindex: 68678016
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Senior Compliance Advisor to join the Life and Pensions division of a large FTSE100 organisation. The role is to provide support and guidance to the business regarding the requirements of The Financial Services Authority (FSA), Data Protection and other regulations relevant to their role and to act as a deputy to the site Compliance Manager as required.  To deputise for the Compliance Manager in presentation of reported issues to the Operations and Business Partners where appropriate including writing monthly reports and attendance at various meetings.  To assist in meeting contractual obligations and relationship requirements with business partners along with representing Compliance on projects and provide appropriate advice and guidance. Escalate risks and issues to the Compliance Manager and / or Compliance Director as appropriate. Essential Experience/Skills: The successful candidate should have at least five years experience in the financial services industry, with a minimum 2 years of that experience within a compliancerelated environment. FPC or equivalent qualification. Knowledge and experience of SIPPs and / or investment business (broking, investment management, etc)  ideally both Detailed knowledge of FSA Handbooks specifically COBS, CASS and DISP PC skills including Microsoft Word, Excel and Internet. High standard of planning skills, together with sense of urgency and ability to deliver results. Adaptable and Flexible  able to be delegated Management responsibilities where required. Desired Experience/Skills: Report writing  should be able to produce reports delivering key issues and messages with minimal managerial input. Should also be able to conduct peer reviews and provide feedback and guidance in a constructive manner. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorComplianceAdviser_job****