Title: Pensions / Auto Enrolement Advisor
Webindex: 68997504
Company: New Appointments Group Limited
Description: Our client based in South East Kent, are looking to recruit a Pensions/Auto Enrolment Officer to join their busy team, and to deliver a first class Auto Enrolment service across their Group. This role will see the successful candidate answering queries from members and the Regulatory Authorities on Auto Enrolment, in addition, payroll interfaces ensure all necessary reports and deductions are made in line with regulatory requirements. The Auto Enrolment Advisor will respond to employee and Line Manager enquiries of a more complex nature, using the payroll and Knowledge Management Systems, on all AE related policies and procedures, within clear guidelines and instruction, within agreed timescales. They will facilitate HR Knowledge sharing opportunities among the employees and line managers via relevant methods to encourage use of selfservice system and reduction of duplication enquiries. They will provide ongoing feedback to the wider HR teams from both line managers and their own experience and Line Managers on unclear policies, procedures and practices to allow for continual improvement to service provided. The Advisor will also be responsible for producing relevant paperwork and documents associated with the Auto Enrolment process, enquiries or transaction requests. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate an intermediate knowledge of payroll systems, and the ability to reconcile control accounts and payments. You will have a basic knowledge of general pensions as it relates to private pensions and especially DB, and knowledge of the basics of Auto Enrolment would be a distinct advantage. You will have a proven background working with IT driven processes, and SAP experience would be an advantage. You will have excellent attention to detail, the ability to interpret complex information, and will be able to work well on their own initiative. Please apply on line for more information. New Appointments Group is committed to diversity, equality and opportunity for all