Title: Graduate Analyst  Mathematics / Numerate 2012 Graduates
Webindex: 72240709
Company: Prospect Recruitment Ltd
Description: Graduate Analyst – Online Personal Insurance Pricing Mathematics / Numerate BSc or MSc Graduates ****2 To c ****  Benefits North Surrey Exciting new ‘Graduate Analyst’ career opportunities with a Leading Online Insurance Provider. Seeking ****2 Mathematics, Statistics or related numerate discipline BSc or MSc graduates (2.1 or above) with strong problem solving ability and demonstrable aptitude to pick up technical skills quickly. New roles that are responsible for the delivery and management of online insurance software which is used to programme and calculate pricing premiums across the full Personal Lines Insurance product range. You will liaise directly with the business, designing and implementing pragmatic pricing solutions. You will need to be a highly numerate individual, able to infer the right story from a set of numbers. You will be data literate: able to identify what data and analysis to ask for to ensure that viable decisions and actions are made by the business combined with the ability to grasp the significance and meaning of a range of technical and complex issues – building sophisticated logic within a range of software.You will need to demonstrate an aptitude to build sophisticated logic with a range of software e.g. MS Excel, SAS and SQL. Previous knowledge of such software is an advantage but not essential for the right individual. You will have an innovative approach to problem solving and be a natural ‘logical thinker’ able to see the strategic impact of the pricing solutions projects you will be handling. Project management will be a key element to the role also, so you must be able to plan and prioritise your own work, able to work to strict deadlines whilst maintaining reliability and accuracy. The culture is highly professional, friendly, and informal, and the environment is both dynamic and supportive. There is a firm emphasis placed on training and personal development, enabling individuals to advance on the strength of their own talent, motivation and achievement. Interested to hear more? Please c ontact Teresa Cheeseman on **** **** for further information or send your CV for a confidential discussion to dsprospectrec.co.uk Alternatively, you can refer a friend or colleague by taking part in our fantastic referral scheme If you have a friend or colleague who would be interested in this role, please refer them to us. For each relevant candidate that you introduce to us (there is no limit) and we place, you will be entitled to our generous referral payment scheme . Regrettably, due to the high number of applications to our advertisements only those who we feel are suitable for this vacancy, or suitable for alternative relevant opportunities, will be contacted This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateAnalystMathematicsNumerate2012Graduates_job****