Title: SAS AnalystYorkshire********  learn SAS BI
Webindex: 65445645
Company: Experis IT
Description: SAS Analyst  ****  ****  West Yorkshire. Learn SAS BI on the job and receive trainingExcellent technical development, self development, and career progression opportunities  do not miss out Experienced SAS Analyst/Insight Analyst required ASAP to join a market leading organisation and household brand name. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to really accelerate their career in this crucial, influential role; learn new skills by gaining experience with the SAS BI toolset, progress your career with a comprehensive and well defined career progression plan and highly supportive management team, and work with senior stakeholders to provide insightful objectives which will help the organisation to make better informed business decisions. The successful candidate should have excellent analytical / analysis experience and knowledge – either in SAS or SQL, with the ambition, drive, and passion to further develop their skills. This analytical experience should be in conjunction with providing insightful objectives and insight analysis to senior stakeholders. Role: Data and Insight analysis of high volume data for a growing team (claims) Continual claims analysis, including detailed analysis of cost components and the forecasting of future claims costs. Analysis of key drivers which will enable the business to make decisions to help improve business performance by reducing claims costs Assisting in the set up and population of the Claims Analysis data infrastructure and ensuring the ongoing quality, quantity and integrity of the data. Analysis of claims data to inform the underwriting process, prepare claims inflation forecasts, evaluate project development work and prioritise strategic purchasing initiatives. Undertaking statistical and probability analysis to identify trends and improvement opportunities by key driver across the business. Undertake project work to the defined standards of the Division and provide claims management information to support other cross business projects. Essential to this role is both the ability to interpret what our information is telling us about the performance of our Claims Business and the confidence to communicate intelligent insight to key stakeholders in order to influence decision making. Skills and experience: Proven Data analysis, Insight Analysis experience Proven experience producing insightful objectives from initial data analysis to senior management and stakeholders SAS OR SQL OR Excel and VBA – for data analysis and data manipulation purposes Stakeholder engagement experience is essential Ability to influence stakeholders and decision makers Ability to work both independently and as part of a team This is an excellent opportunity to really progress up the career ladder with a hugely successful and renowned organisation that offers an excellent benefits package. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to really accelerate their career in this crucial, influential role; learn new skills by gaining experience with the SAS BI toolset, progress your career with a comprehensive and well defined career progression plan and highly supportive management team, and work with senior stakeholders to provide insightful objectives which will help the organisation to make better informed business decisions. Interviews are taking place shortly  for further information and to apply for the role, please send an updated CV ASAP.