Title: Bank Assistant
Webindex: 66945355
Company: M&S Bank
Description: With M&S Bank, we’re creating something truly special. What makes us so different? Well, for a start, the bank will be unquestionably M&S. We’ve learnt a lot about fairness, integrity and personal service during the last 127 years as one of the UK’s favourite retailers. Like every other part of Marks & Spencer, M&S Bank will be built on the values of Quality, Value, Service, Innovation and, above all, Trust. The service we deliver will be expert, friendly and truly focused on the customer. We’ll look to build lasting relationships with everyone who banks with us. And as our bank branches will be situated within M&S stores we’ll share the same opening hours, making things far more convenient for our customers. We may be new, but we’re built on the foundations of M&S Money, which has provided outstanding products and exceptional service for over 25 years. And being owned by HSBC, we’re in partnership with one of the world’s biggest and most trusted financial institutions. We’re right at the start of a very exciting new journey. We are opening more than **** branches across the country over the next two years. And by joining the team at the very beginning, you could be part of it all. ABOUT THE ROLE As a Bank Assistant, you’ll provide a positive and friendly face for M&S Bank and bring our values of trust and quality to life. Whether you’re greeting customers or listening to their needs, providing solutions or selling our outstanding products, you’ll make things simple and aim to delight every customer, every time. You’ll have targets to achieve and you’ll have to get to grips with a lot of products and services. But ultimately, it’ll be your ability to provide a special, uniquely M&S experience that will be the key to your success. ABOUT YOU Experience of dealing with customers and selling products, ideally gained in a retail bank setting or a retail role, is vital, as is an understanding of the services we provide. However, your personality, positive outlook and commitment to quality will be every bit as important. A responsible approach to selling is invaluable too. And perhaps above all, you must be a natural when it comes to talking to and building relationships with different kinds of people. At M&S Bank we invest in our people and training is imperative in order to deliver against our brand values. As such, we will provide a comprehensive training programme which will be delivered over an 8 week period on a full time basis (two of which will be residential in Chester). Full time rotas include working weekends and evenings. Part time rotas are typically **** hours, both daytime and evening shifts include weekends. Our rewards package includes pension, life assurance, 20% M&S discount card and various recognition schemes that reward your contribution in different ways. Salary includes **** per annum territorial allowance, pro rata