Title: VAT Compliance & Customer Engagement Managers Brighton
Webindex: 68694547
Company: Accordance Technical Services
Description: VAT Compliance Customer Engagement Managers Central Brighton Accordance is a European VAT Consultancy. We’re a serious and dynamic business, but we work in a friendly environment. We’re based in central Brighton and provide compliance and advisory services to bluechip firms throughout the EU  and beyond. We’re now looking to increase the pace of our expansion by growing our inhouse compliance department. Our aim to is simplify the experience of crossborder VAT for businesses trading in Europe, through a policy of practical engagement with our clients and their indirect tax issues. Fulfilling crossborder VAT compliance obligations is a legal responsibility for businesses trading in Europe; the EU relies on VAT in order to function. Consequently, our Compliance team is at the core of our operation. Thousands of businesscritical indirect tax returns – right across Europe  are processed annually by our team, enabling our clients to operate in new territories. Like most things concerning the EU, VAT compliance isn’t simple, and our team is tasked with identifying best practice and commercial opportunities for our clients, as well as providing a core administrative function. As a result, this is an excellent starting position for people interested in a career in Tax, or highlevel customer engagement management, or both.Successful applicants will have the opportunity of formal training and possible advancement through to consultant level, and/or the opportunity to manage dedicated client service teams. Successful candidates must have:  Excellent numerical, IT, communication, telephone manner and organizational skills  Outstanding customer service skills  Be educated to degree level  Experience in VAT is desirable but not essential  Additional European language is a great advantage (especially French) Main duties and responsibilities  Submit requests for VAT Registration, prepare and file VAT Returns, EC sales/purchase lists and Intrastat reports across the EU and beyond  Maintain excellent customer relationship with existing clients and contribute to business development Salary starting **** depending on experience. Please send your CV and a covering letter. No agencies please. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VATComplianceCustomerEngagementManagersBrighton_job****