Title: Purchase Ledger Accountant
Webindex: 68715061
Company: Page Personnel Finance
Description: My Leamington Spa client is looking to recruit a Purchase Ledger Accountant on a 6month fixed term contract basis with the following responsibilities detailed below; Reconciling the AP control account in the General Ledger Ensure a timely processing of invoices and credit notes in accordance with contractual commitments Monitoring and controlling all supplier proforma invoices Monitoring the ProForma tracker and obtaining sign off each month Preparing and producing for review by the Financial Controller/Financial Accountant the key performance indicators for the purchase ledger function Ensuring purchase ledger accounts are properly maintained Reconciling purchase ledger accounts with suppliers statements Liai My Leamington Spa client is looking for a candidate who can demonstrate the following; Proven exposure working in a senior Accounts Payable role. Good systems knowledge  Microsoft Office and ERP systems. Ability to produce accurate work to deadlines. Team player. Good analysis skills. Good communication skills, written and oral. Ability to liaise with customers, suppliers and all levels of management and employees A willingness to tackle and resolve issues. AAT qualified Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. My client is a market leading manufacturing company based in Leamington Spa, looking to recruit a Purchase Ledger Accountant to join their expanding company paying ****p/h My client is offering a Purchase Ledger Accountant a 6 month contract paying **** p/h based in Leamington Spa Your application will be reviewed by Page Personnel. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Page Personnel is a leading UK recruitment consultancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PurchaseLedgerAccountant_job****