Title: Associate Director  Data Strategy and Operations
Webindex: 71633421
Company: Euro London Appointments
Description: International financial services company are currently seeking an experienced analyst to join their team working closely with the Sovereign team in order to drive business improvements. You will work closely with the analytical team to understand the data and data needs of this group. Your main duties will include: •Identifying areas of best practice across the various processes/procedures •Provide expert source of knowledge and single point of contact •Escalate issues to Senior Business leaders and provide recommendations for change as appropriate •Identify data issues and/or quality concerns and work with the business and the Information Technology team to prioritize cleanses and/or projects to redefine business rules and implement updates to the data. •Fully analyze and provide thoughtful solutions to improving the data quality and process to provide timely, complete, and accurate data to the business •Review data inquires raised by IT, the business, Products and clients •Coordinate efforts related to data management across the business •Establish and monitor quality/performance metrics, in addition to collaborating with the Analysts to define quality control parameters and requirements. In order to be successful in this role you will need the following skills and experience: •Sovereign Ratings experience would be preferable •Degree in Accounting, Finance or related field •Data management experience •Detailed knowledge in multiple data domains (pricing, reference,fundamentals) •Intermediate skill in database knowledge (SQL queries) •Microsoft Access and Excel skills •Advanced multitasking skills •Must be able to work in an international team including managing offshore and outsource resources. This is an exciting opportunity to work as part of an international team where you will have responsibility for improving data processes. Thank you for applying to Euro London Appointments, the UK's largest independent language consultancy. We aim to respond as promptly as possible to your application, however, due to the high level of CVs we receive we are only able to respond to applicants whose profile matches our Client’s requirements. To enquire about other vacancies please visit our website at www.eurolondon.com. Please note that in order to process your CV we must receive it in a Word document.