Title: International Trade Advisor – UK Trade & Investment
Webindex: 71851529
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: International Trade Advisor  UK Trade Investment Field Based (covering the SouthWest) ****  **** DOE Plus Pension Scheme, Health Cash Plan, 25 Days' Holiday An opportunity has arisen for an International Trade Advisor to join a leading provider of business support services, including export services on behalf of UK Trade Investment. This is the ideal role for a high calibre international trade professional to play a leading role in the development of the skills and expertise of exporters throughout the SouthWest of the UK. The successful candidate will help to advance UK and EU trade throughout the world and assist in the progression of the economy as a whole. As an International Trade Advisor, you will be responsible for increasing the company's international competiveness through providing diagnostic advice and identifying solution that will help them to achieve overseas growth. You will work with companies throughout the SouthWest to develop their international capabilities. Using your extensive knowledge of both international trade and the business community, you will improve business structure and stakeholder knowledge to enable them to operate in international markets. Identifying and recruiting companies to the UKTI and ERDF trade development programmes, you will work with both new and experienced exporters to develop new markets and take full advantage of the available development packages. To be considered for this role, you must have:  International trade experience  Experience of working with and/or within medium sized businesses As an International Trade Advisor, you will have superb communication and interpersonal skills. A proactive and friendly approach is also key. Please note, closing date for applications is 22th February 2013. To apply for the role of International Trade Advisor (UK Trade Investment), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: International Trade Advisor, UK Trade Investment, International Trade Contractor, Business Analyst, International Business Analyst, Trade Advisor, Business Advisor. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternationalTradeAdvisorUKTradeInvestment_job****