Title: Food Technician needed in Enfield ASAP start
Webindex: 69005383
Company: Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: Food Technician needed in Enfield ASAP start Remedy is urgently currently looking for a Food Technician will work primarily in the Food Technology department and provide occasional support to the Textiles department as and when required. The principal responsibility is to provide the day to day technical support to enable the smooth running of practical cookery classes and to maintain a safe and hygienic working environment in the Food Technology rooms. KEY TASKS: Support Food Technology teachers in the setting up and clearing down of practical lessons. Provide hands on help with individual students during practical lessons as required. Responsibility for maintaining a safe and hygienic working environment in Food Technology rooms. To carry out all washing of items for the Design and Technology department. To be responsible for organising the maintenance and repair for any equipment. To be responsible for the annual inventory check for the Food Technology departmental equipment Shopping/ ordering for ingredients. Use computers V for example to download photos from a digital camera to a PC. Assisting the Food Technology teachers to maintain department filing system and organising recipes for practical lessons. Ordering of equipment and supplies for the department. To provide technician support to Textiles department as and when required. To carry out other relevant duties as may be required. If you are interested in this position and would like to find out more then please send CVs to Lara at Remedy Education Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd is a REC Standard agency and is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the vulnerable. Successful applicants will be required to undertake an Enhanced Disclosure via the CRB. Our objective is to be an equal opportunities employer and we welcome applications from everyone with suitable skills and ability regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, gender, disability, sexual orientation, age, religion or belief. All applications will be accepted and reviewed solely on merit