Title: SEN Consultant  East London  Immediate Start
Webindex: 70195141
Company: The London Teaching Pool Ltd
Description: Special Educational Needs Recruitment Consultant Excellent basic pay & commission structure Office based in East London close to Central Line Full support & training on TLTP systems given Warm desk Immediate start TLTP Group is looking to recruit an experienced Special Educational Needs recruitment consultant to help grow and expand our rapidly growing SEN Desk. We are looking for a motivated and ambitious recruitment consultant. Previous experience of working with Special Educational Needs School would be advantageous. The position comes about due to a promotion within the company and the successful candidate will benefit from working with a warm desk with already established clients throughout London and The Home Counties. The ideal candidate will have worked as a Teacher or Teaching Assistant or have Education/Public sector Recruitment experience. TLTP attend numerous recruitment fairs, SEN and Education exhibitions in London and you will play a full and active part in help promoting the ethos of the company. You will be competitive but have a strong team spirit. It is important that you have a flexible attitude and are serious about a career move to a company that has successfully established itself in the market. Duties and Responsibilities: • To sell and promote the companies services by undertaking a proactive approach to business development. • Undertaking a range of activities including marketing, coldcalling, client visits & servicing existing clients. • To ensure that all legislative guidelines relating to the supply of teachers are adhered to, whilst ensuring that exceptional levels of client service are provided at all times. • Recruit and interview prospective teaching professionals building a quality bank of potential candidates. • Liaise with clients and candidates alike to establish longlasting and productive relations. In return for longdays and hard work, TLTP Group guarantees to offer a competitive basic salary, an unrivalled commission/bonus structure and an opportunity to play a full and active role in the development of the fastest growing London based recruitment agency. All interested candidates should in the first instance send a full C.V. to [contact details removed] TLTP Group is an Equal Opportunities employer. Subject to observance of all UK and EU current legislation we shall not discriminate to exclude individuals on the grounds of age, race, colour, gender (birth or reassigned), sexual orientation, disability, religion or belief, marital status, ethnic or national origin, health, pregnancy, childcare responsibilities or criminal records. Candidates from such groups are actively encouraged to apply.