Title: Relief General Teaching Assistant / Midday Supervisor
Webindex: 70435166
Company: North Yorkshire County Council
Description: Relief General Teaching Assistant Band 4 SCP **** **** Term Time Only Children and Young Peoples Services Athelstan Community Primary School Required as soon as possible. A Relief General Teaching Assistant as required to cover staff absence (Monday to Friday) Some experience of working within a school is desirable, but not essential. The successful candidate will be a valuable part of our whole school team. The willingness and ability to work cooperatively under the guidance of experienced teacher colleagues and other support staff is essential. We are committed to inclusion and we are looking for a good team player with a flexible approach to learning, as well as an ability to foster excellent and appropriate professional relationships with children and their parents/carers. Athelstan School is a friendly, warm and welcoming school there is a strong family and inclusive ethos, where teamwork is highly valued. Athelstan CP School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and we expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. An on line DBS check is required for this post. (CRB) Application forms and post details are available from the school office, please contact Mrs Thompson School Business Manager, Athelstan CP School, Rose Ave, Sherburn in Elmet, LS**** ****AY. email: or a pack can be downloaded from the school website Closing date for applications Friday February 1st Interviews will take place week commencing Monday February 4th Relief Midday Supervisor Band 3 SCP **** Term time only Children and Young Peoples Services Athelstan Community Primary School Required as soon as possible to cover any staff absences. Hours of work will be between 11.55am and 12.55am daily as required. Duties will include supporting children during lunchtime, helping with meals and supporting outdoor play. Athelstan CP School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and we expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. An on line DBS check is required for this post. (CRB) Application forms and post details are available from the school office, please contact Mrs Thompson School Business Manager, Athelstan CP School, Rose Ave, Sherburn in Elmet, LS**** ****AY. email: or a pack can be downloaded from the school website Closing date for applications Friday February 1st Interviews will take place week commencing Monday February 4th These posts may suit the same applicant; an application form is required for both posts. Vacancy Logo: Enhanced Level CRB Disclosure is required for appointment to this post. NYCC are committed to directly recruiting staff and will not accept applications nor services from agency suppliers in respect of our vacancies. North Yorkshire County Council (NYCC) advertise vacancies on behalf of schools and external organisations (third parties) in North Yorkshire. NYCC are not responsible for the recruitment/employment practices of third parties and accept no liability in relation to the vacancy and any subsequent recruitment/employment processes. Third parties are not required to follow NYCC policies including the 'Positive About Disabilities Two Ticks' Scheme. Enquiries regarding the vacancy or practices should be made directly with the third party. To apply click here