Title: Support Worker (Summer Placement)
Webindex: 72692132
Company: MacIntyre Care
Description: Broaden your horizons, broaden your experience: if you need work over the summer or are looking for experience in Social Care, this is the placement for you MacIntyre provides innovative and responsive support to an increasing number of people with learning disabilities across the UK. Every year we give students the opportunity to work with our existing staff teams based at our Schools in Wingrave (Buckinghamshire) and Womaston (Hereford / Wales Border) By joining our summer scheme you will be provided with ongoing work throughout your university holidays and gain valuable experience supporting children and young people with learning disabilities. Each individual we support is helped and encouraged to lead the life they want to through an approach that is centered around them. You will be responsible for delivering the needs and wants of the people you support such as assisting with the weekly shop, personal care and helping to keep the house clean. However you will also play an instrumental part in helping people to realise, plan and achieve their ambitions, whether it s to join a gym, go on holiday or to learn a new skill. We are looking for individuals that are willing to learn and promote the independence and choice of the people they support. It s about learning when to step in and when to step back. You may be studying for a career in teaching, social work, psychology or just really want to support one of our individuals. Whatever the reason we would like to hear from you. The scheme is in its eighth year and below are testimonials from participants who have built a career with us thanks to the scheme Getting this role was an extremely valuable experience for me as I was able to learn key skills about working with young people and build positive relationships with them. I enjoyed the role so much I stayed on as a relief support worker and continued to support in House 2 during University holidays. After completing my degree I worked in various education institutions but always continued to do shifts in House 2. I kept checking the MacIntyre website for jobs and I soon saw the post for My Way Facilitator which is now my role within the organisation MacIntyre has ample opportunity for professional development and new opportunities often arise. The staff I have worked with within MacIntyre all share a joint focus on providing the best service for the people we support. Working with young people, families and fellow staff members is always a joy and achievements are always celebrated. I hope to continue my MacIntyre career well into the future I looked on the website and MacIntyre were advertising for Support Workers to work on a summer placement. I was currently studying Psychology at University and wanted to get some experience in a care setting. I applied for the job and although I didn t have any previous experience I was told in the interview that this didn t matter and they were looking for potential rather than experience. I was really pleased when I was offered the job and started in June 2010. I was placed in one particular residential house and I did a week of shifts and then did a one week induction training including Safeguarding, Physical Intervention and Communication and Signing. As it was the summer holidays I was also involved in supporting the students in lots of activities such as trips to the seaside, country walks, picnics and barbeques I continued to work at MacIntyre during all my holidays from University. I graduated in June 2011 and I was offered a full time job as a Community Learning Facilitator in a new adult service at MacIntyre No Limits. I worked in this role for 5 months and it gave me a lot of great experiences. However ultimately I wanted a Psychology related job so when an Assistant Psychologist position came up at Wingrave School I applied. I was offered the job and have now been working in this role for a year I really enjoy working at Wingrave School because everyone is really friendly. I have built up some great relationships with both students and staff and there is a lovely community spirit. I think MacIntyre as a whole is a great organisation to work for as you are provided with a lot of training and there are many opportunities to move to different job roles internally to progress your career Why not click on Apply and we will send you an application pack to complete and return by the closing date of 1st March 2013. Should you be shortlisted we may invite you to visit our service and meet the people that you may be supporting as part of the interview process to be held during the Easter break. Salary depending on qualifications, experience location