Title: Aviation Teachers Required in the UAE
Webindex: 72607982
Company: Meridian Education
Description: Meridian Education are working on behalf of our client based in the United Arab Emirates. They in conjunction with the Education Board in the UAE are currently looking to fill roles for Teachers across the UAE state. They offer an attractive package including a tax free monthly salary, a monthly Housing Allowance and other Benefits include Medical Insurance for self and family  Education allowance for children Ticket for self and one dependent  Annual Leave  Relocation Allowance (if applicable)  Other benefits as per the UAE Law. If you are interested in this role you should have the following experience which the client has described as essential: •You should have as a minimum a BA in Aviation (or equivalent) although a Masters is preferable. •You should have at least 5 years teaching experience at a secondary school or college. •You should be a native English Speaker We are looking for a suitably qualified Secondary Teacher who thinks outside the box and incorporates a variety of teaching styles that will help you to gel with their committed teaching team. You will be working with a variety of abilities to include children with some learning difficulties, so a patient and creative approach to inspired learning is essential. You will have a unique approach for every child and inspire them to try new things with confidence. You will be a Qualified Secondary Teacher with a wealth of experience gained in a mainstream setting. To become part of the Meridian Educations supply team at this Strong Academic School you will be:  A fun and engaging Teacher that inspires children to tackle more challenging work  Happy to engage with staff and get stuck in when required such as pastoral duties  Able to support the school learning policies and become an active member of the teaching team  Able to teach through a selection of mediums to engage pupils. At Meridian Education we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school settings and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Meridian Education Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated 'Secondary Consultant'  Plenty of variety and choice of work at Secondary school level  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme Meridian Business Support are acting on behalf of our Clients as a Recruitment Business