Title: SEN Learning Support Assistant
Webindex: 69144037
Company: Edustaff   Manchester
Description: Are you a first class or upper second class honours graduate searching for a Primary School Learning Support Assistant role supporting a child with special educational needs? Would you enjoy the rewards of working one on one and helping an SEN Child reach their full potential? Are you available to start immediately? Can you commit to the rest of the academic year? If the answers to the above are “Yes” then Edustaff want to hear from you Primary Learning Support Assistant Immediate Start Immediate Start Supporting an SEN Child in a Year **** Class Excellent Manchester School with Top Senior Management **** Per Day  Offset Expenses This is an exciting opportunity for a Graduate to join my client school as a Learning Support Assistant supporting a child that has Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder (ADHD) This outstanding two form entry primary school which is located in Manchester is looking for an empathetic, organised and team orientated graduate who can offer support and guidance to this pupil. You will work on a **** basis with this child working closely with the class teacher and schools SENCO. The school are looking for a self starter but will also offer training to ensure your transition into the school and role is successful. The school is in a fantastic location close to a number of public transport stations which offers easy access from a large area of Manchester. The school is within a modern site and serves a catchment where a high proportion of pupils speak English as an additional language. The school has fantastic leadership and an outstanding SEN department. The pupil you will be supporting is a charming child who although can be quite excitable but with the right guidance and support they will flourish. If you consider yourself to be a patient and nurturing individual that wants to help make an improvement to this pupils education by offering the support and guidance needed then this could be the position for you If you want a Learning Support Assistant where you can make a difference then please email your CV to Mark at Edustaff today