Title: Finance & Facilities Manager
Webindex: 68708990
Company: Crawshaw School
Description: We are looking to recruit a Finance and Facilities Manager to play a key role in taking our School in to a new and exciting phase of development. We are a good school with ambitious plans for the future having recently made the transition to Academy status thus starting to operate as a small business. As an experienced Senior Finance Manager to work as part of the Senior Leadership Team. You will play a pivotal role in helping to shape the strategic direction, financial and commercial thinking and the Leadership of the School. Working closely with the Head and Governors you will be responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of Academy financial systems and procedures. Key responsibilities will include: Preparation of annual budget, financial reports, monthly reports, management accounts and returns. Managing Academy cash flow implementing creditor and debtor policies and procedures. Ensuring effective operation of financial controls including responsibility for banking and VAT position. Liaise with funding agencies to secure additional funding for the Academy. Working with the Head to maximise income generation and financial growth. Responsibility for the development of the Academy’s asset management plan. Oversee all Academy premises, facilities site management, contract management of Academy catering arrangements and all service arrangements including extended community use. This is a great opportunity for a confident and credible Finance Manager who is looking for a new opportunity within a busy and challenging environment. You must be a qualified Accountant with relevant commercial experience. You will be experienced in all aspects of financial management including the preparation of statutory accounts. We are looking for someone who will recognise the potential of the school and who will be enthusiastic about the journey ahead. You must have a positive attitude and be motivated by wanting to make a significant contribution to our business. To have an informal conversation about this post, please contact Alison Haldenby on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinanceFacilitiesManager_job****