Title: Sales Recruitment Advisor NVQs
Webindex: 68182437
Company: Enjoy Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: Sales Recruitment Advisor NVQs Job Title: Recruitment Advisor Location: Birmingham area, home based Salary: **** Job Description To recruit and induct learners from self generated and given leads onto workbased learning programmes. To promote government funded schemes commercial opportunities across a variety of service sectors. These could include retail, automotive, early years, adult care, active leisure, hospitality Sales background would be ideal  a willingness to market is a must. Responsibilities Top 4 Major Tasks and Activities:  To deliver agreed performance targets  Identity and engage potential employers for government funded and commercial learners to achieve regional targets  Recruit and induct learners onto the appropriate programme within agreed timescale  Ensure the Etrack MIS and learner management system is up to date fully utilised for all leads and sign ups Additional Key Accountabilities:  Liaise with Careers service/Connexions to promote qualifications Babcock delivers  To proactively identify and engage with organisations to promote Babcock to young people  Implement the appropriate health safety requirements with employers  Ensure compliance with all internal and external procedures and quality measures  Respond and action leads within agreed timescale  Attend Careers and other promotional events to engage with key stakeholders  Ensure Equality, Diversity and Welfare policies and procedures are followed at all times  Ensure Health and Safety policies and procedures are followed at all times Budget / Cash Management Responsibility:  Liaise with the Companys clients in respect of administrative and financial matters ( invoices) Qualifications Requirements Person specification Key Technical Skills / competencies:  IT literate  Proven track record of consistently achieving performance targets  Strong customer relationship development skills  An ability to sell across all service sectors Key Behavioural competencies:  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Demonstrates excellent organisational skills and self motivation  Excellent problem solving / decision making skills  Focused on delivering targets Key Analytical Skills and Challenges / competencies:  Ability to work with an electronic data management programme Company/Industry Knowledge:  Knowledge of work based learning desirable  Industry related knowledge for a service sector Qualifications:  General certificates in Education  Industry related qualifications such as Degree, HND or NVQs are desirable. Security The successful applicant will be required to have an enhanced CRB check. My client Babcock 4S is the UK s largest provider of WorkBased Training. delivering high quality governmentfunded and commercial training programmes within the workplace Interested? Please forward your CV as soon as possible or call for more information. We experience very high response rates to our vacancy advertisements. We do not however feel this is any excuse for not acknowledging your application and as part of our total candidate care initiative we will always endeavour to do so. If you have not heard from us 4 working days from the date of your application please contact us for an explanation. EnjoyTechnical acts as an employment agency and as an employment business as defined by the Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations **** EnjoyTechnical is an equal opportunities employer and offers a free and confidential service to candidates. Enjoy Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancyEnjoy Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.