Title: Business Development Executive For ExTeachers
Webindex: 67771060
Description: Company overview The client is an innovative and wellcapitalised tech startup who is building a platform to help educators all around the world use their data more effectively to improve school performance. We believe that if used in the right way, technology can make a positive and lasting impact to education, and by making this technology available to every school, we can improve the world around us. Our system improves school information entry, analysis and communication, allowing teachers and management to easily make datadriven decisions, and communicate these effectively to parents and pupils. Imagine taking the registration on your iphone, then automatically seeing a graph of who has been late over the past week, and sending an automated text message to both guardians and children to find out the reason for the prolonged absence. The system is available over the cloud, smartphone and standard mobiles, allowing our system to be deployed by schools all over the world  from developed economies such as the UK to emerging economies such as Uganda. Job Description Your role will involve helping to identify target schools and organisations, engaging these customers to sell the platform, and working postsale to help implement the platform to improve school performance. You will be a bright, enthusiastic and highly personable individual with a passion for both education and technology. You will share our dislike of unnecessary admin, and our belief that a better use of technology could solve this issue. Your role will be mainly focused on developing & implementing opportunities in the UK, however we are also trialing our system in developing economies where it can make a significant impact to educational performance. As we grow, the role will be tailored to the interests and strengths of the individual  this is a job that you can truly make your own. A preliminary list of responsibilities include:  Identifying likely target schools and organisations in the UK and abroad  Meeting with school management to sell the system  Working with school management postsale on effective implementation of the system  Identifying and feeding back school issues to the technical team, and working with them to create new products and tools The work will require travel throughout the UK and abroad. You will need a car and valid drivers license, and enjoy travelling to new schools to help try and solve the problems they encounter. The package You should have:  Teaching experience or Teach First background  Top grades in any subject from a leading university  A demonstrated passion for education and technology  A highly personable and open attitude  Strong numeracy, verbal and written communication skills  The ability to persuade through use of qualitative and quantitative information  The desire to work independently in a fastpaced, nonhierarchical organisation  Proven sales or business development experience In return, you will receive:  Up to **** with Bonus Circa 10%  25 days holiday  Additional benefits package includes iphone, access to a members club Our culture When choosing a place to work, we believe culture is one of, if not the most important differentiator. After all, its where youll spend the majority of your week Our offices are located in a startup hub for creative businesses, with onsite coffee area, bar, shops and live music events, ensuring that time spent at work does not always feel like work. When we wake up we look forward to coming in, and find our jobs challenging, stimulating and enjoyable. Were motivated to make a difference to educational performance, and take pride in working for a business thats trying to make a lasting, positive impact on the world. If this sounds like something you would like to be a part of, then we would love to hear from you