Title: CALLING ALL HERTFORDSHIRE SCIENCE TEACHERS
Webindex: 62121329
Company: Teachin
Description: CALLING ALL HERTFORDSHIRE SCIENCE TEACHERS Teach In is currently looking to appoint an outstanding Science Teacher to start in January 2013 with interviews taking place during November. Ideally your specialism in science will be either in Chemistry or Physics. This is a fantastic school which is has great facilities with friendly, welcoming and incredibly supportive staff. The school is based within Hertfordshire and is easily accessible and well served by public transport links. The ideal candidates will be confident, professional teachers with the ability to engage secondary students and encourage them to appreciate and enjoy learning. Pupil behaviour and achievement is excellent. You will need to be qualified with a PGCE, GTP, Bachelor of Education, or equivalent if you are an overseas trained teacher. Along with this there is also a competitive salary available. The successful candidates will be able to demonstrate: O An ability to Deliver Effective Science Lessons to students O Excellent Behaviour Management Skills o Passion and Enthusiasm for Teaching o Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. If you are interested in this role or any other role within the Hertfordshire area please contact me at  or call me on  **** As part of the UK's leading education supplier, Teach In is the obvious choice for teachers looking for the right role in the right school. Our career managers work hard and efficiently to give you the opportunity to move your teaching career in the right direction. We are looking for first rate teachers and in return we offer great rates of pay and a friendly, professional service We have strong relationships with all major schools in the area so if you have the talent to teach and are equipped with the requisite qualifications, apply today and we'll find the right role for you. Due to the overwhelming response to online advertising, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. pgce qts hertfordshire science physics chem