Title: Marketing Assistant within Publishing
Webindex: 69679336
Company: SPOTLIGHT RECRUITMENT
Description: This is an ideal opportunity for a Marketing Assistant who is looking to get their foot in the door and into the world of Publishing. This amazing Marketing Assistant opportunity is working for one of our clients who are a world class leading B2B publisher of very popular titles. This is an exciting and challenging role and will offer genuine job satisfaction and progression for the right candidate. The team are sociable and very friendly and will no doubt help you to settle in with ease. The candidate As Marketing Assistant you will be a bright self starter who is passionate about marketing to help improve marketing efforts and increase revenues and profits across the business. This would be an ideal role for someone looking for a first step into marketing and publishing or a second jobber looking for something more challenging. This is a hands on role for someone who is able to learn quickly and help improve marketing. Experience of marketing is not essential but a desire to learn and contribute from day one is. Essential skills: Experienced in writing html and using Dreamweaver Excellent copywriting skills (this will be tested at interview stage). Degree educated, a marketing degree is not essential but would be beneficial Experience and confident in using a variety of computer packages including Microsoft Office, CRM and databases Must be a team player who is friendly and confident Knowledge and understanding of digital and social media Main responsibilities: Support the Head of Marketing as well as the Marketing Executive as required Set up and send out email campaigns using our ESP (eCircle) Remove and update eCircle data as required Write copy for emails and design eshots using Dreamweaver Assist with campaign measurement Update websites across the group with new product information Come up with new ways to market products and drive leads and sales Assist on the implementation of marketing campaigns, digital and print, across earnt, owned and paid media Upload leads to CRM system for sales team to follow up on Research potential partners for contra deals in the industry Contribute to social media networks Research new data sources If you consider yourself to be a selfstarter who friendly and confident with the ability to work well in a team then send us your CV for immediate consideration.