Title: Marketing Executive / Marketing Manager
Webindex: 68371343
Company: MET MARKETING
Description: Our client is one of the leading names in their niche B2B market operating on an international level. This Marketing job reports to director level and is a great opportunity for an experienced marketer to have autonomy in leading and managing marketing activity both online and offline. Following the success that marketing has delivered for the business over the last few years there is a real commitment behind enhancing this function and an experienced Marketing Assistant or Marketing Executive will be able to really make a name for themselves in the business. This position will suit an ambitious individual with a solid background in B2B marketing and experience of the full marketing mix ready to step up to Marketing Manager level. Role:  Responsibility for all marketing collateral including the production of regular newsletters and press releases, all sales literature and technical datasheets and presentations.  Design and coordination of exhibition stands and conferences and corporate events around the world.  Maintenance of the company website and its content including traffic analysis, design, SEO and functionality.  Work with the development team as part of product development, including the launch of new products.  Regular contact with associated press and online news sites to help maintain the company's leading position in the industry.  Providing marketing support to a network of agents and representatives around the world.  Locating and qualifying new business opportunities and creating business cases for new market and product opportunities. Person:  Existing B2B marketing experience covering digital and offline marketing.  Experience across the full marketing mix including website management, marketing collateral, PR and events / exhibition management.  Ideally experienced in targeting the specifier and contractor market sector.  A strong communicator able to work on their own or as part of a team.  Strong project management skills.  Excellent presentation skills and an understanding of developing commercial business proposals based on market research and insights. This Marketing Executive job is commutable of Liverpool, Manchester, Chester and Warrington. MET Marketing are acting as an employment agency in relation to this Marketing job.