Title: Modern Languages Teacher
Webindex: 67058704
Company: Francis Combe Academy
Description: Come and work in our brand new, state of the art Academy and be part of a fantastic team We are seeking to appoint a committed and enthusiastic Teacher of Spanish and French to KS**** and KS**** The successful candidate will have the capacity to raise attainment through motivating and inspiring students and will contribute to a culture of high expectations and innovation within the Academy. You must have excellent communication skills, tremendous drive and great enthusiasm for teaching and learning. This post offers excellent opportunities for an ambitious teacher to develop their skills further within a rapidly improving Academy. The academy is looking for someone who has: A strong track record as an outstanding teacher of Modern Languages, or who is an enthusiastic, committed new entrant to the profession. The ability to guide students' academic, personal and professional development, as a tutor. An understanding of key national educational policies and issues The ability to inspire high achievement in young people from all backgrounds. Presence, dynamism, a good sense of humour and approachability. An excellent record of attendance and punctuality. What we offer you: Outstanding facilities Students who are enthusiastic and keen to learn Very supportive colleagues Excellent professional development and guidance A vibrant, successful Sixth Form An Academy committed to doing the best for its students This is an exceptional opportunity to play a role and make a difference to the future of education with a 21stcentury Academy. If you share the Academy's vision and ambitions, possess a strong desire to work within an ethos of creative collaboration and partnership and want to have a positive impact on young people, families and the community, then we would be delighted to hear from you. Francis Combe Academy is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. The successful applicant will be required to undergo enhanced DBS clearance. If you would like any further details about this post or would like a tour of the Academy, please telephone Jacqui Hurst, Director of Resources **** **** or email j.hurstfranciscombeacademy.org.uk Closing Date is: Friday 25th January 2013. Interviews: week commencing 28th January 2013. www.franciscombeacademy.org.uk