Title: Nursery Nurse  Spring Lane **** hours
Webindex: 69932695
Company: Asquith Nurseries
Description: We are currently seeking a proven Level 3 qualified Nursery Nurse to join the existing team at our Spring Lane Day Nursery. Spring Lane Day Nursery is a lovely friendly place to be. Our purposebuilt singlestory building has had a complete refurbishment and we have light, airy rooms. We are situated within Chaucer Technology School, with easy access to the town centre, **** minutes from Canterbury East rail station and on a bus route, too. We re also convenient for the A**** Spring Lane Day Nursery is rated Good by Ofsted. Our opening hours are 7.30am 6.30pm. Tell me more about the responsibilities of a Nursery Nurse within Asquith? As Nursery Nurse you will be a Key person carrying out all related responsibilities in building relationships with small groups of children and their families. You will provide high standards of quality within the Nursery including the environment, resources and experiences offered to children. Observe, support and extend children s learning Plan appropriately for children using the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) curriculum for guidance. Ensure that children are kept safe and that staff understand and when necessary follow safeguarding procedures. Ensure that the nutritional needs of the children are met and the Food Safety Regulations are complied with. Work with area SENCOs, EYFS advisors, health professionals and local Sure Start programmes as appropriate. Undertake a shared responsibility for health, safety and cleanliness throughout the nursery. What experience and qualifications must I have to apply? Minimum Level 3 qualification or equivalent Understanding of EYFS Previous childcare experience Possess leadership qualities Excellent communicator Asquith Nurseries are committed to ensuring everyone in our organisation is responsible for Safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All successful candidates will be required to undertake an enhanced CRB disclosure. Due to a high level of applications, only successful candidates will be contacted