Title: Supply Teachers  Bristol
Webindex: 69170313
Company: Hays
Description: I am currently seeking secondary school teachers to work in a school based in Bristol. We currently work in partnership with the school and they are seeking a pool of local teachers they can upon for day to day supply cover and longer term absences. They are seeking teachers that are passionate and driven and teachers with demonstrable experience in teaching at secondary schools. You must have strong classroom management and be able to inspire the pupils no matter what subject you are teaching. Specialists across all subjects will be considered for the roles. Whether you have not yet found a job for January or want to experience a variety of schools, supply teacher jobs are a great way to develop your teaching skills and impact on education standards locally. Historically, supply work is an excellent method of gaining a longterm or permanent position in our schools, because they get to see your skills and expertise in action. Either already obtained QTS or be working towards completing your final teaching practice placement UK Teaching experience An inspiring, innovative and resourceful approach to delivering the National Curriculum Good classroom management The ability to be highly organised and flexible where needed A committed outlook to all teaching jobs, whether **** afternoon or **** whole term Register with us today and benefit from: Excellent rates of pay. Prompt weekly payments, on time every time. A personalised programme of continuous professional development. Support and guidance from our experienced education consultants, 24 hours, 7 days a week. Free quality teaching resources. Free social events. Access to teaching opportunities in all key stages and subject specialisms. Flexible assignments. Support during challenging times. Bonus for recommending friends or colleagues to us Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SupplyTeachersBristol_job****