Title: Marketing Officer  Training Provider
Webindex: 70761651
Company: R3
Description: Marketing OfficerTraining Provider Welfare to Work ****k dep on experience Monday to Friday 8.****0am till 5pm To start asap Permanent full time To cover Greater Manchester centres, including Rochdale, Oldham, Wigan, Manchester etc My client are a rapidly growing training provider based throughout the North West and London. They provide education and training to a wide variety of learners aged **** The primary function of this role is to promote my clients training programmes to external partners (Jobcentre Plus, recruitment agencies etc). During your time at jobcentres you will talk to staff in communications meetings about the various courses on offer and the benefits of attending an online training course. We are looking for someone who has a natural skill for establishing and developing relationships with centre managers, have an understanding of targets. Ideally you will have experience of liaising with Jobcentre Plus and/or have worked in a training environment. This is an ambassadorial representative type role as you will be the face of my client, attending jobsfairs, networking events gaining referrals for the courses. Your main aim is to gain referral appointments for short meetings with yourself. During the appointments you will find out if the client is eligible to do the course, find out their motivations and and make appointments for them to attend the training provider for their first day course induction. Therefore you will need to be organised, enthusiastic and want to make a name for yourself within an established training provider. This is a mobile position so candidates must have a full driving licence and access to a car. You must possess excellent IT skills and be creative in the production of promotional materials. Company benefits include: 23 days holiday, stakeholder pension scheme, laptop, mobile phone and expenses. We are committed to giving each candidate full free preinterview advice and guidance throughout the process. To apply for this urgent role please email your cv to Tina Lacey/Liz Chadwick at R3 Welfare and Skills