Title: Secondary Teachers required in Hampshire
Webindex: 72236598
Company: TIMEPLAN EDUCATION GROUP LIMITED
Description: Secondary Teachers required in Hampshire. TimePlan are looking for Secondary trained teachers for day to day and long term vacancies in the Hampshire area including Southampton, Portsmouth and Basingstoke. We work with a number of clients on a day to day and long term basis for many schools in the South of England. Due to our unique and caring approach to our teachers, we are the reason why many teachers rate us as one of the best agencies to work for Additionally, our collaborative approach fosters and nurtures continuous relationships with our client schools. Working on a day to day supply basis, we will require you to be flexible and a dedicated Secondary trained specialist. If you are a confident teacher who can teach up to GCSE or A level standard, whatever your subject, then we would love to hear from you. Feel free to call David Fowler on **** **** or email southtimeplan.net Supply teaching is one of the best ways to experience a wide range of different schools and enhance your reputation within any area very quickly. TimePlan can accommodate any number of days per week from half days, part time or even full time vacancies. As the pioneers, TimePlan was the first ever teaching recruitment agency in the UK and we aspire to match the right candidates to the right schools, and out Customer Support is second to none. As we recognise that we live in an increasingly multicultural society, TimePlan welcomes teachers from the UK and Overseas with varying levels of experience ranging from NQT's and experienced teachers. We are looking for Supply Teachers in Southampton who are Early Years and Key Stage **** specialists, Key Stage **** and Secondary trained teachers. We are currently working with a number of Primary and Secondary schools within the local authority to fill supply teaching positions within Southampton. All applicants who are interested in Secondary teaching supply must be:  Flexible and adaptable  Be able to adjust their teaching style according to the pupil and the schools needs  Hold a current CRB  Be happy to travel to or within the Southampton area  Must hold a UK (or equivalent) Qualified Teacher Status In return we offer:  Competitive rates of pay  A designated Key Coordinator  Associated benefits, including a longer working day allowance, meal allowance, travel expenses, discounted gym membership and more  Free opportunities to aid your professional development  Flexible working hours  Outstanding customer support If you are interested in the fantastic opportunities we have to offer then please contact us as soon as possible This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SecondaryTeachersrequiredinHampshire_job****