Title: Lecturer In Mechanical Design Engineering  Workington, Cumbria
Webindex: 71744923
Company: Additional Resources Limited
Description: Lecturer in Mechanical Design Engineering  Workington, Cumbria Location: Workington, Cumbria Salary: ****k Depending on experience and credentials Contract: Fulltime Our client provides training and education in engineering and technology to a diverse range of employers in West Cumbria. The scope of training provision includes engineering apprenticeships, NVQ`s, further education and higher education programmes, including Foundation Degrees and BEng Honours programmes. Our client places particular emphasis on the provision of highquality, employerresponsive training at all academic levels, and was recently assessed as Grade **** in a recent OFSTED inspection. The company is expanding its range of training programmes, especially in higher education, and has a particular focus on nuclearrelated and sustainable energy technologies. Our client is seeking to appoint a Lecturer in Mechanical Design Engineering with particular emphasis on the application of computer aided design (CAD) methods. The successful candidate will work within the Department of Engineering and Energy Technology (DEET) and will be expected to contribute to teaching, project supervision, curriculum development, research and knowledge transfer across a range of topics including solid mechanics, materials science, thermofluid mechanics, energy and electromechanical principles. An ability to teach project management and engineering mathematics is desirable. Teaching duties will extend to BEng (Hons) level. The Department has extensive workshop and laboratory facilities for the provision of practical training in mechanical engineering and the successful candidate will be expected to contribute to the development and delivery of practical training in these topics. The successful candidate should have a good Honours degree in engineering or a science discipline and, ideally, several years experience in an industrial or academic (teaching) environment. Knowledge and experience of the nuclear sector is desirable, but not essential. Our client is committed to the professional development of its academic staff and will provide opportunities for such development, including a recognised teaching qualification. As well as the above, you must be able to deliver the following learning outcomes: Apply steam cycles, fluid flow and heat transfer analysis in an application based context. Describe and analyse various heat transfer mechanisms and heat exchanger designs. Explain the effects of fluid properties on performance of a flow system Explain thermodynamic systems and processes as applied to plant engineering processes Describe static and dynamic fluid systems with reference to plant engineering Analyse a macroscopic thermodynamic system and solve thermodynamic problems Evaluate and analyse the various types of turbomachines associated with plant engineering. If you feel you have the necessary combination of skill, potential, professionalism and attitude to really make a contribution, please send your full, up to date CV, with salary expectation, notice period and a covering email, to support your application. Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****