Title: Operations Manager  Welfare to Work
Webindex: 69006658
Company: Alderwood Education
Description: Operations Manager  Welfare to Work / Employability  East Midlands Do you have management experience within the Welfare to Work/ Employability Sector? A leading, national provider is looking for an Operations Manager for their Welfare to Work team covering the East Midlands. This is an excellent opportunity to join a successful provider, delivering a range of employability and welfare to work contracts as a subcontractor and prime. You will be responsible for maximising performance of the area, ensuring all agreed company targets are achieved through effective leadership of the team and by building an environment in which the company can develop and prosper. You will also have full P&L and contract management responsibility across the region. This is an excellent opportunity to progress your management career within the training/ employability sector. Your key responsibilities will include:  The effective management of a team based across the East Midlands  Engaging with all relevant stakeholders and effectively managing team members to meet financial, administrative and quality targets and objectives  Full profit and loss responsibility  Preparing forecasts and producing performance reports  Ensuring company KPIs are met  Contract management across a range of different contracts, including Work Programme  Performance management The successful candidate will already have a track record of achieving challenging targets and working with operational budgets. Experience in a managerial role within the welfare to work sector is essential, including running employability contracts, team and performance management, business development and budget management. Excellent communication skills and the ability to influence and persuade at all levels will be key. The salary will be c. ****  **** with an excellent benefits package including car allowance. This role will be covering all of the East Midlands and can be office based or home based. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Alderwood Education are acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy