Title: Senior Recruitment Consultant – Education
Webindex: 69869305
Company: Athona Recruitment
Description: Talented people stand out from the crowdDo you? Athona Ltd is a leading Recruitment Agency specialising in recruiting hospital doctors, allied health professionals and education personnel into the UK public and private sector. Athona Education has a well established reputation in the Education Sector in and around the South East of England for providing a high quality recruitment service to our candidates and clients. As an REC accredited organisation and achieving 100% Quality Mark status, we pride ourselves on maintaining high standards of recruitment practices. An exciting opportunity has become available due to expansion for an experienced Recruitment Consultant to join our Education Recruitment Team. The Role: A recruitment consultant to join our primary education team, recruiting teachers into Primary Schools in and around the Essex area. The desk offers an exciting opportunity for an experienced recruitment consultant to maximise their potential whilst playing an important role in the development of the area with management support. Why Athona? With clear career progression and independence, this role would suit a professional recruitment consultant looking for a new challenge. You will be provided with first class administrative support with access to a candidate resourcer, compliance team and marketing to focus on what you enjoy most, making sales The Ideal Candidate: We will consider an experienced Recruitment Consultant from any sector, although education experience is desirable. The ideal candidate will: &bull Have a proven, evidence based track record of sales. &bull Work with high levels of professionalism at all times. &bull Be a selfmotivated, target driven individual. &bull Extremely strong work ethics and high expectations. &bull Excellent communication skills. The package: &bull Excellent base salary. &bull Industry leading commission structure. &bull Professional Internal and external training courses. &bull Regular company events. &bull Monthly/Quarterly sales incentives. &bull Increasing holiday scheme. &bull Significant career progression opportunities. &bull Childcare voucher scheme. &nbsp APPLY NOW