Title: Director of Curriculum
Webindex: 67060842
Company: Hartpury College
Description: 'Hartpury College is an outstanding college. Students enjoy their time at college and achieve well. Outcomes for students are outstanding'  Ofsted Hartpury has over **** fulltime students studying A Levels, Landbased Studies, Equine and Sport. Investment over the last 20 years has exceeded 45M and in 2010 Ofsted graded us 'Outstanding' for all toplevel grades in **** provision. Are you outstanding? Are you able to inspire, motivate and develop complex teams of staff and students? Are you quality focused with an eye for detail, and ambitious enough to ensure that your teams keep moving forward every day? If so, we'd love to hear from you. As part of our development we are looking for an individual to join our Executive team to lead BTEC provision within the college and develop further teaching and learning excellence for our fulltime learners. Educated to degree level, you will be an outstanding practitioner in a school or college, and ambitious to make your mark in one of the country's leading colleges. Hartpury is an outstanding college, and our expectations are very high  this role will be demanding but you will be given both the autonomy and support to enable your vision of 21st century education. The closing date for receipt of applications is Monday 4th February 2013. Interviews will beheld on Thursday 14th February 2013. Visit www.hartpury.ac.uk to see full details and to download an application form or telephone (****) **** to request documents by post. Informal visits to discuss the role are very welcome. We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. We will ensure that all our recruitment and selection practices reflect this commitment. All successful candidates will be subject to Criminal Records Bureau checks along with other relevant employment checks. Hartpury College is an equal opportunities employer. HARTPURY COLLEGE