Title: Science & Technology Leader  KS****
Webindex: 70674633
Company: HAYS
Description: Senior Teacher for Leading Science & Technology To Start ASAP SPECIFIC ROLES Science & Technology Leader Shared responsibility for leadership through the Teaching and Learning Team Shared responsibility for the monitoring of Science & Technology Team Leader (Performance Management) Undertaking data analysis and planning for improvement Shared responsibility Pupil Pastoral and Behaviour Management Shared Responsibility for Pupil Progress and Achievement Participate in Pupil Progress Meetings RELATED DUTIES: Leading Science & Technology will include: In collaboration with colleagues and with reference to the National Curriculum, formulate guidelines for the SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY curriculum which will encourage good practice, have an impact on pupil learning and lead to the development of this subject across the school. Evaluate and keep up to date the guidelines and other matters relating to SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY: the use of equipment, teaching and learning methods and approaches. Take a lead in the professional training of staff members that will enhance teaching and learning practices. Be aware of current educational thought and practice regarding the teaching of SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY in the primary age range adapt/extend school practice in the light of such developments. Apply the system of record keeping that is in line with the SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY curriculum that will enable staff to easily monitor and account for children's progress. Monitor pupil attainment in SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY keeping the Executive and Head of School, Assistant Heads, Leadership Team and Governors fully informed of any celebrations, issues or concerns. Equipment and resources: to order, maintain and ensure staff awareness of such materials for SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY teaching. Ensure that the needs of all the children are met within the SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY Guidelines and as such promote equal opportunities. Advise and assist staff as necessary and appropriate. Disseminate information and promote discussion on issues arising from attendance on appropriate courses that will enhance teaching skills of other colleagues. External links: promote the school aims and objectives both whole school and SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY to parents and Governors. To organise appropriate informative meetings/reports for these groups if required. To visit local nurseries, playgroups and toddler groups to promote the school aims and objectives to a wider audience and to ensure the smooth transition of preschool pupils into school. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk