Title: Lecturer in Physics
Webindex: 67393777
Company: CITY OF WESTMINSTER COLLEGE
Description: FACULTY OF SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING AND MATHEMATICS Lecturer in Physics ****  **** inc. London Weighting Allowance pa Fulltime, Permanent City of Westminster College is at an exciting stage of its development. With a thriving student population, a strong and growing business portfolio and a stunning 102m new campus we are poised to become the first choice College in the capital for students and staff and to have a national profile. We are seeking to appoint an experienced Lecturer in Physics to contribute to the teaching and development of Physics within our School of Science and Maths. You must be able to teach Physics and at least one other related science subject on AS/A**** GCSE, Access and Vocational Science courses. It is essential that you are experienced in tutoring, assessing, recording and tracking students on different courses. Successful candidates must have a degree (or equivalent) in Physics or a related science subject, along with class teaching experience gained either in a school or college setting. You must have demonstrable high levels of skill in teaching and learning and be committed to quality education for students. In addition, you will have a successful track record of vocational and Alevel results. It is essential that you have a recognised Level 4, or above, teaching qualification (PGCE/CertEd) or display a willingness to work towards a Diploma Level 5 teaching qualification (supported by CPD) upon appointed. Strong communication, organisational and interpersonal skills together with a commitment to working with students from a range of backgrounds are also essential. Ref: LIP In return, the College can offer generous annual leave, a contributory final salary pension scheme, access to our stateoftheart gym, an interestfree season ticket loan, cycle scheme, childcare voucher scheme, free sight tests, enhanced maternity and paternity leave schemes and many other benefits. If you re ready to join a College that has the mission and passion to develop the talents of both students and staff, visit our website for more information or email us now for an information pack and application form, quoting the above job reference. Closing date for applications: 12pm, 25th January 2013