Title: Employer Engagement Manager  Walsall
Webindex: 69554864
Company: Inspire 2 Independence 
Description: Inspire 2 Independence  ( i2i) specialise in working with people who face multiple barriers to improving their learning and work options. i2i have a wealth of expertise in managing programmes across the country assisting individuals to overcome their barriers to work and placing them into meaningful, sustainable employment. We are looking for someone to develop and accountmanage ongoing relationships with employers; to increase the portfolio of productive employer relationships through self generated leads and through business development activities/leads from the Personal Employment Advisors. The suitable candidate will ensure that repeat business is generated and maintained through effective account management and successfully match customers to the opportunities, whilst ensuring that identified goals and employer recruitment needs will be met and an excellent recruitment service created and relationships meeting both the requirements of the job seeker and the employer. The ideal candidate will be someone who looks and acts confidently and professionally, someone who can engage and retain employers and sell our services well. Being both articulate and enthusiastic, you must demonstrate you can be trusted and work hard at maintaining relationships. It is essential that you have experience of working in an employer engagement, B2B sales or recruitment environment with experience of using a range of effective sales techniques to increase business revenues and to develop productive relationships with businesses and employers. A high standard of literacy is required, both oral and written with strong IT skills, including an understanding of management information systems, spreadsheets, diary management and email. Inspire 2 Independence (i2i) is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. It is our intention that all qualified applications be given equal opportunity and that selection decisions are based on jobrelated factors. Disabled candidates are encouraged to apply with the assurance that those who meet the minimum criteria for the post will be given the opportunity to demonstrate their abilities at interview stage. If you would like to apply for this vacancy please email your CV with a covering letter. All offers are subject to references and Criminal Records Bureau checks. In compliance with the Data Protection Act, your details will not be passed to any third parties and will be used for the purpose of the role you have applied, or any other suitable roles. Your details will be retained no longer than necessary and disposed of in a confidential manner. Thank you for your interest in the above position. Please note we are unable to contact unsuccessful candidates due to the high volume of applications we receive.