Title: Subject Leader of Science Required for September 2013
Webindex: 69932609
Company: Edustaff Bristol Ltd
Description: Are you an experienced highachieving and enthusiastic Science Teacher ready for the next stage of your already successful career? Do you have the vision, charisma and leadership qualities to be a Subject Leader for Science? Do you want to work in an Outstanding and successful school committed to your future personal development? Subject Leader for Science Responsible for teaching Physics to ALevel FullTime, permanent role commencing in September 2013 Outstanding school with successful Science department **** star facilities Main Pay Scale  TLR (depending on experience) A fantastic opportunity has arisen for any suitably experienced and successful Science Teachers ready to step up to a leadership role as Subject Leader for Science. The Head Teacher and Governors of this Outstanding Gloucestershire school are seeking to appoint a well qualified and enthusiastic Subject Leader for Science from September 2013. Passionate about Science and committed to achieving excellent results, you will have superb teaching, management and communication skills. You will have the presence and ability to be able to inspire and manage a talented and successful department as well as having the experience to teach across the **** age range specialising in Physics. In return, you will get to work in a fantastic school (OfSTED graded Outstanding 2010) with a robust commitment to your personal professional development and future career opportunities. This is a superb opportunity for an existing Science Teacher or Subject Leader of Science wishing to further their career in a highperforming, friendly department within a forward thinking school. Staff and pupils at this school are highly motivated and strive for the best results at all times. Based within commutable distance from Gloucester, Cheltenham and Bristol, the school is situated in a beautiful rural setting with extensive grounds and modern facilities. If you have what it takes to be a Subject Leader for Science at this amazing school, email a detailed CV and covering letter to Nick at Edustaff today