Title: Science Teacher (Chemistry KS****)
Webindex: 69144086
Company: Edustaff
Description: Are you a talented and engaging Chemistry Teacher seeking a permanent post this January? Do you have highest of expectations and interested in one of the ‘very best secondary comprehensives in the country’? Are you confident teaching across the key stages up to and including A Level? This is an excellent opportunity for a passionate, personable and inspirational Chemistry Teacher. The science department is large and varied with the HOD and Head Teacher looking to recruit a talented Science Teacher and Chemistry specialist for this coming January. This is a full time and permanent post…apply today Science Teacher – Chemistry specialist January 2013 start – permanent school contract High achieving school and Science department – “exceptional GCSE results” North London – Borough of Barnet Secondary comprehensive school for Orthodox Jewish community Award winning school… Very good balance between religious and secular studies… Jewish specialising in Chemistry up to KS**** to join this high achieving a talented Science department in the new year, and is very specific on the calibre of candidate she is looking for. Keen to maintain the staff dynamics within the department and school the Head Teacher is looking for somebody with something extra, an exceptional teacher and personable individual. Successful candidates will need to possess the following:  Qualified Science Teacher  Chemistry specialist – up to A Level  UK with the focus on the quality of teaching and personality. This is a wonderful opportunity to become part of a great science department who have teachers with varied experience including SLT members. The Science department works with the core curriculum up to Alevel and has worked hard to raise and consistently achieve top grades. The school benefits from state of the art resources and provides a great learning environment for both staff and pupils. Science is becoming increasingly more popular within the school and especially across GCSE and A level. The school boasts exceptionally high GCSE results (****4% A  C including Maths & English) and has won numerous awards over the last couple of years with A level results are improving yet still well above average. The school itself is located in North London and easily accessible by car with parking available. The nearest station is an 8 minute bus ride away, with excellent and multiple transport links from central London. This is a school and opportunity worth the commute and travel, but please do consider this when applying. Please email your full CV and cover letter to Danny, here at Edustaff ASAP