Title: Head of House  London
Webindex: 69932601
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Head of House Required for September ****013 Good School as deemed by OFSTED in 2011 Head of House required from September 2013 MPS  TLR 2C Multicultural environment London Borough of Newham Permanent role From September 2013, my client school requires a highly motivated Head of House. You must be committed to ensuring high levels of achievement, with successful pastoral, curriculum or management experience to lead a team of tutors in their second year of vertical tutoring. The vacancy arises due to the promotion of the current post holder This is a friendly school in which all pupils hope to do well, with parents who support them by encouraging hard work and good behaviour. My client school will give you good opportunities for professional development. You will join a hardworking team who are serious about maximising the achievement of their pupils and are willing to go the extra mile to make it happen. It is a local comprehensive school for students who come from a wide range of socioeconomic and ethnic backgrounds. There are fewer girls than boys and the vast majority of students are from minority ethnic groups, mainly of Indian, Pakistani and Bangladeshi heritage. Most students speak English as an additional language. The proportion of students with special educational needs and/or disabilities is lower than that found nationally. The school operates a vertical tutor system overseen by Heads of the Houses and this has increased the capacity of middle leaders to monitor and evaluate the progress of groups and individuals across the school and is developing a broader view of students achievement. Your key responsibilities will include: Overall responsibility for tracking of individual pupil progress of each pupil Oversight and implementation of School Core Values liaison regarding, and response to, cross house disciplinary issues; individual casework; writing and implementing IEPS and PSPs Oversight Monitoring and improvement of pupil attendance and punctuality. Promotion of Christian ethos within the house Coordinating and running after school detentions with other Head of Houses & the Senior Leadership Team. Are you the right person for this role? Do you have the necessary experience and determination to make this role a success? If so, please send your full and up to date CV to Alison at Edustaff immediately. You will only be contacted if you are to be shortlisted for this post