Title: Birmingham Secondary NQT Pool
Webindex: 68609108
Company: Aspire People
Description: NQT Pool 2013, Birmingham Are you an Newly Qualified Teacher and looking for a step in the right direction? Aspire People are urgently looking for some outstanding NQTs (newly qualified teacher) who will graduate in the Summer of 2013. So if you are a final year student on either a P.G.C.E, Bachelor of Education, BA working towards qualified teacher status then Aspire People are very keen to NQT Jobs on offer Aspire People are looking for final year students and NQTs for permanent positions, undertake daytoday and long term work at our primary schools throughout the West and East Midlands. As an NQT whether you specialise are an Early years/Foundation teacher, Key Stage 1 teacher or Key Stage 2 teacher, Aspire People can help. NQT role and responsibility Teaching all areas of the primary curriculum. Taking responsibility for the progress of a class of primary age pupils. Organising the classroom to create a positive learning environment. Planning, preparing and presenting lessons Motivating pupils with enthusiastic, imaginative presentation. Maintaining discipline. Preparing and marking to facilitate positive pupil development. Meeting requirements for the assessment of pupils' development. Providing feedback to parents on a pupil's progress Working with others to plan and coordinate work. Staying up to date with changes and developments Taking part in school events and activities What kind of NQT are Aspire People looking for? Aspire People are only looking for passionate and dedicated teachers for our NQT pool. You must have the ability to inspire and motivate children, ensuring that they make excellent progress. NQTs must also have the ability to promote positive reinforcement of behaviour management in the classroom. Only applicants with qualified teacher status (QTS) will be considered. Benefits of working in the Aspire People NQT Pool Aspire People pay all NQTs to scale, you will also have your own dedicated consultant, help with writing your CV, bonus schemes and access to parties and social events where you can meet other NQTs. Aspire People may also be able to secure a school where you can do your NQT induction year, dependant on your professionalism, flexibility and feedback on your assignments. More importantly than all of this, we have an honest and sensitive approach to recruitment, taking in to accounts the needs and requirements of our teachers. THE CLOSING DATE FOR THE NQT POOL IS 28th AUGUST 2013 Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Criminal Records Bureau.