Title: Female Learning Support Assistant  Outstanding Secondary School in Brent
Webindex: 71884958
Company: EDUSTAFF
Description: An outstanding North West London Secondary School is looking to recruit a top graduate to work as a Learning Support Assistant. From January a unique opportunity has arisen for an inspiring Graduate to work at an excellent school with two students If you re looking to become a Secondary Teacher or work in the field of Psychology, and you re a talented academic with a good degree, ALevels and GCSEs then we d love to hear from you Female Learning Support Assistant Working with two students full time Must be a graduate with exemplary GCSE ALevels Grades in Maths/ English and Science Outstanding North West London Secondary School Excellent facilities state of the art building only built 2 years ago Great rate of pay A client secondary school in North West London is looking for a Female Learning Support Assistant to work with a two students, and this post is open to excellent graduates looking for experience in a secondary school. CAN YOU HELP? This outstanding school (Ofsted 2010) is located less than a minutes walk from a main line tube station. Located in the multicultural London Borough of Brent and situated in the heart of the local community this is a thriving school which aims to give the chance of an outstanding education. They have a unique and exciting role for a Learning Support Assistant to work with two students. This role involves **** with a student who has a Visual Impairment, and another female student who has a Physical Disability. Ideally you will have experience of working with children or adults with a Visual Impairment and Physical Disabilities, however this is not essential for the right candidate. Neither of the students have challenging behaviour and the role will be purely academic based, trying to raise their attainment and supporting their individual needs. The female student who has a Physical Disability would also require the candidate to assist in her toiletry needs, hence the need for a Female Learning Support Assistant. This post is suitable for a graduate looking for school based experience. The SENCO is looking for a Learning Support Assistant who is inspiring and has a way with students and how they can get them to learn. Excellent academic record is a must, and if you don t posses a good degree, ALevels and GCSE you will not be successful. If you are a talented academic and you are passionate about teaching, or Psychology then this could be perfect for you. If you ve had a privileged academic background and you d like to help others achieve success, then we would love to hear from you. This school is looking to ASAP. If you are interested in this exciting post then you need to email your CV and covering letter to Nigel at Edustaff. This post is only open to talented and empathetic academic graduates.