Title: Key Stage Two  Year 4 Teacher
Webindex: 68675080
Company: Celsian Education
Description: Celsian Education are currently seeking to appoint a qualified Key Stage **** specialist Primary School Teacher to complete a teaching assignment in year 4 in one of our popular Sheffield based primary schools. The successful candidate will be experienced within key stage **** class teaching. The post is available for NQT's. The role start date is February 25th 2013 until July 2013. Celsian Education requirements:  QTS  Evidence of good classroom control  Track record of good teaching ability and planning/preparing lessons  Commitment to develop the personality, talents and abilities of all students  Confident and positive approach to working with children.  Are proactive team members, committed to raising standards and achievement.  Have a strong and creative teaching ability  Keen to learn and develop professionally  Have a passion for education  A Current portable CRB or a new CRB through us For all applicants we Offer: Highly supportive, committed and hard working Consultants who will endeavour to find assignments suited to your needs specific to your local LEA. An opportunity to extend your professional development as well as excellent and accurate rates of pay. We will offer the successful candidate a stimulating and supportive working and learning environment. A great range of opportunities to work in a variety of local schools Rewarding and competitive rates of pay. Recommend a friend Bonus Celsian Education has been placing teachers and teaching assistants into jobs in schools since **** and operates throughout a network of offices across the UK enabling us to respond to your needs quickly and effectively. Celsian was one of the first agencies to be awarded the DfE Quality Mark, an essential guide to Quality and Professionalism. Applicants will be expected to undergo a facetoface interview, reference checks and an enhanced CRB disclosure. Celsian Education is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education. Celsian Education is a trading name of Carlisle Staffing plc. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/KeyStageTwoYear4Teacher_job****