Title: Nursery Nurse L**** ****hrs  Tunbridge Wells
Webindex: 68633678
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Asquith is the UKs leading provider of premium childcare with a portfolio of 81 Nurseries. With our team of expert trainers we take pride in the continuous development we offer to our staff, ensuring they become leaders of the future within Asquith. This is a great chance to become part of a fun and dynamic team.We are currently seeking a Level 3 qualified or unqualified Nursery Nurse to join the team at our Woodlands Day Nursery. The Nursery is rated 'Good' by Ofsted next to Southborough Common behind St Peter's Church. It is close to Tonbridge rail station and there's space to park.Tell me more about the responsibilities of a Nursery Nurse within Asquith?As Nursery Nurse you will be a Key person carrying out all related responsibilities in building relationships with small groups of children and their families. You will provide high standards of quality within the Nursery including the environment, resources and experiences offered to children. Observe, support and extend childrens learning Plan appropriately for children using the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) curriculum for guidance.Ensure that children are kept safe and that staff understand and when necessary follow safeguarding procedures.Ensure that the nutritional needs of the children are met and the Food Safety Regulations are complied with. Work with area SENCOs, EYFS advisors, health professionals and local Sure Start programmes as appropriate. Undertake a shared responsibility for health, safety and cleanliness throughout the nursery. What experience and qualifications must I have to apply?Understanding of EYFSLevel 3 qualification in Child care Previous childcare experiencePossess leadership qualities Excellent communicator Asquith Nurseries are committed to ensuring everyone in our organisation is responsible for Safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All successful candidates will be required to undertake an enhanced CRB disclosure.Due to a high level of applications, only successful candidates will be contacted