Title: Technical Trainer
Webindex: 70598689
Company: Tony Timmins Associates
Description: My client is an outstanding global Software co. Its products & solutions transform the way companies use & interact with data. The company has experienced a truly meteoric rise to become one of the world’s most profitable software companies. Recruitment is high on the agenda and a key hire is to bring on board an experienced Technical Trainer to cover the EMEA region. Role will be at their head offices in Cambridge. Training courses are targeted towards a wide audience, from technical staff responsible for software installation, configuration and administration of the solution through to end users that will actually use their worldleading technology on a day to day basis. Working as part of the Training team, the successful candidate will be responsible for the preparation and delivery of training courses. This position will allow the Technical Trainer to educate customers on worldleading solutions ranging from Web Content Management, Web Optimization, Digital Asset Management, Enterprise Search and many more. If you are technically capable, have experience in building Websites, working with Rich Media, enjoy training other people and like to occasionally travel, this is the ideal job for you. Key Responsibilities:  Conduct regular training courses.  Deliver training courses at client and offsite locations.  National & international travel (up to 50%)  Precourse preparation including training room set up, software installation & configuration of equipment.  Preparation of course data and accompanying course documentation.  Designing and developing course documentation (optional).  Maintaining and developing IT training manuals (optional). The Person Technical Skills  Advanced Windows (Microsoft certified preferable) & Linux/Unix (preferable) skills.  Web server/ Application Server experience with Tomcat Apache, JBOSS, IIS etc.  Database experience e.g. MySQL, Oracle or ODBC compliant databases.  Web Development skills e.g. JSP, JavaScript, CSS, AJAX, DOM, HTML, XML & XSLT.  Programming experience in Java is preferable or C, COM, COM.  Experience with A/B & Multivariate Testing.  Scripting Languages such as Perl or LUA. Application Skills:  Web Content Management (TeamSite, Adobe WCM, OpenText, SDL, Webtrends).  Enterprise Search solutions e.g. IDOL Server, Verity K**** FAST or Endeca.  Digital Asset Management Systems.  Have a good working knowledge of MS Office applications.  Experience with Virtualisation (VMware, HyperV). Training Skills  Software training experience.  Experience in configuring training environments, both classroom and onsite.  Ability to write training material and/or technical documentation (Optional). Personal Characteristics:  Excellent communication both orally and in writing.  Excellent presentation skills.  Must be professional and confident when supporting users of all levels.  Has to be self motivated and proactive, with a keen attention to detail.  Excellent track record of delivering training that satisfies their clients' needs.  Practical abilities in 'handson' training and fully conversant with current practical and technical training aids.  Candidates must have the ability to work within a team as well as using their own initiative. Must be able to display a mature and positive attitude.  The successful applicant must hold a current driving licence and be prepared to train offsite if the need arises. Professional and Educational Requirements:  Bachelor's degree (**** or higher) related to Computing, IT/ Computer Science.  Qualifications in teaching desirable.  Second language desirable (Spanish or French) and ability to teach in second language would be an advantage but not essential In return for your training skills & experience you can expect to be rewarded with a competitive base salary, bonus element  additional benefits as befits working for a world class player working at the cutting edge of technology. Interested candidates are kindly invited to submit their CVs in Word format to Tony Timmins, Executive Search Consultant.