Title: QTS/NQT Maths Teacher Required Oldbury
Webindex: 66892457
Company: TeacherActive
Description: A thriving school in Oldbury is looking for an additional teacher for their Maths department starting in January. The schools GCSE grades are improving year on year but it can considered a challenging environment. Those that get on well at this school will be able to make an immediate impression on students that require additional support and will be a real presence in the classroom. If you are an experienced Maths teacher who is up for a challenge and is able to build rapport easily with pupils please apply below. Additional, suitable candidates will have the following attributes:  QTS or NQT.  Experience of teaching Maths to KS**** in a mainstream school. Previous experience in a similar environment.  Ability to build a good rapport with pupils and staff alike.  A committed and dedicated character with a passion for teaching.  A strong and mature classroom management ability. As a member of the TeacherActive supply team you should expect to enjoy the following benefits:  Market leading daily rates of pay.  Ability to claim back expenses incurred through working.  Enhanced CRB Disclosure at discounted rates, refundable after 10 days  Years of experience and knowledge of the education industry.  Unrivalled service from a dedicated team of consultants.  An amazing referral scheme, with the opportunity. To apply, contact us now on (Apply online only) or email your CV to All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service  and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services