Title: TeamTeach Qualified Teaching Assistant
Webindex: 68694290
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: TeamTeach Qualified Teaching Assistant Birmingham ****  ****  Long Term Supply Capita Education Resourcing requires a dedicated and hands on Teaching Assistant to work with children with needs in the areas behavioural support and complex needs. The school is very forward thinking, innovative and as such constantly seeks ways to improve working practices. Staff will have access to exceptional facilities and an established host of collaborative networks which widens the support given to pupils and staff. The school committed to the development of current and new staff and actively support individuals in their personal development and career paths. The schools recognises that pupils will be at different levels of attainment in understanding the curriculum so require staff that have the experience to work with an assortment of abilities. This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its' exceptional team initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this fantastic SEN School you will be:  An experienced Teaching Assistant with TeamTeach training  Able to demonstrate that you have worked exclusively with emotional and social behavioural difficulties  Able to provide support to children with varying challenges in a creative an innovative way  Willing to adapt approach depending on the ability of the pupil  Able to work as part of a team or on your own initiative At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school settings and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even if it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated SEN Consultant  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  Wonderful facilities  Opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. For further details about this role please contact Lyon Robinson on **** **** **** or send your CV to lyon.robinsoncapita.co.uk. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TeamTeachQualifiedTeachingAssistant_job****