Title: Nursery Nurses L**** (Mat Cover)  Leicestershire
Webindex: 67366448
Company: Asquith Day Nurseries
Description: Asquith is the UK s leading provider of premium childcare with a portfolio of 81 Nurseries. With our team of expert trainers we take pride in the continuous development we offer to our staff, ensuring they become leaders of the future within Asquith. This is a great chance to become part of a fun and dynamic team. We are currently seeking a level 3 qualified nursery nurses to join the team at our Windmill Day Nursery. The roles are part time to cover maternity leave **** hours a week and 24 hours a week. Windmill Day Nursery is rated 'Good by Ofsted, convenient for the M69, **** minutes from the rail and bus stations, and parking is available. Tell me more about the responsibilities of a Nursery Nurse within Asquith? As Nursery Nurse you will be a Key person carrying out all related responsibilities in building relationships with small groups of children and their families. You will provide high standards of quality within the Nursery including the environment, resources and experiences offered to children. Observe, support and extend children s learning Plan appropriately for children using the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) curriculum for guidance. Ensure that children are kept safe and that staff understand and when necessary follow safeguarding procedures Ensure that the nutritional needs of the children are met and the Food Safety Regulations are complied with. Work with area SENCOs, EYFS advisors, health professionals and local Sure Start programmes as appropriate. Undertake a shared responsibility for health, safety and cleanliness throughout the nurseryMinimum Level 3 qualification or equivalent What experience and qualifications must I have to apply? Understanding of EYFS Level 3 qualification in Childcare Previous childcare experience Possess leadership qualities Excellent communicator Asquith Nurseries are committed to ensuring everyone in our organisation is responsible for Safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All successful candidates will be required to undertake an enhanced CRB disclosure