Title: Employer Engagment Executive
Webindex: 71749886
Company: GPRS Recruitment
Description: Make no mistake, this is an excellent and exciting opportunity to join a growing and successful independent training company, recognised by Ofsted and its partners for delivering quality and professional training qualifications throughout London and Essex. I am looking for an experienced Employer Engagement/Business Development Executive to join the Essex branch. The purpose of the role is to generate apprenticeship vacancies with host employers throughout London and Essex, manage the recruitment and selection of suitable candidates and of course, and account management tasks that s relevant to the role. You will be responsible for but by no means limited to: Establishing and maintaining strong client relationships through regular email/telephone communication, including face to face meetings, understanding the clients business needs in order to develop mutual beneficial solutions, recruitment of both employers and learners for funded and nonfunded training provisions, manage the sales process from initial opportunity through to the securing of the customer order and monitor the service delivery, and liaise with the operations department(s) to ensure students are enrolled onto the relevant and correct courses. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 2 years experience either as an Employer Engagement Advisor/Business Development Executive within the Work Based Learning industry, have outstanding communication and influencing skills, as well as well developed written and oral skills. You will possess a good, positive work ethos, be able to multi task effectively and have a strong track record in account management. A self motivator with the ability to work on your own initiative, be approachable and always strive to deliver quality service at all times. You will be rewarded with a fantastic salary of ****k (depending of experience) PLUS holidays and other company benefits. In the first instance please contact Addie Marks on (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) now for a highly confidential career discussion. Alternatively forward a current CV . If you can convince Addie you can fulfil the demands of this highly desirable and rewarding role, we d be keen to discuss the potential of arranging a formal interview for you. GPRS Recruitment whose registered address is The Bankhouse Stafford ST**** 2JU UK confirm that our client has instructed us that the position advertised herein is of a permanent nature. All applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK and or the territory/location specified. Unfortunately we will not be able to enter into discussions or offer assistance regarding sponsorship