Title: Head of Primary Dubai
Webindex: 69210749
Company: The London Teaching Pool Ltd
Description: Head of Primary required for a Private International School based in Dubai, a competitive tax free salary, free accommodation, utility allowance, annual air fare Responsibilities ? Working strategically and collaboratively in school development planning ? Leading in a way that demonstrates the school?s mission and values ? Using the financial management system to monitor and plan strategically ? Managing and deploying resources according to school priorities and students? needs ? Working across RIS for the professional growth of others ? Ability to recruit and develop staff ? Contributing to the development of a ?balanced scorecard? to inform the BOD ? Supervision/performance management of staff ? Assuring quality in teaching and learning across the school ? Execution of Job Function Routines ? Teaching to a consistently high standard ? Maintaining a broad professional profile ? Inspiring teachers and learners through modelling ? Supporting the development of an online learning community ? Creating a climate in which students maximise their potential ? Setting high standards with reference to known benchmarks (RIS HTJF) ? Challenging under performance at all levels Candidates profile ? B. Ed or BAPGCE the use of ?APP?; Average Point Score; PScale (EYFS) ? Have a strong belief in ?active? experiential learning ? Excellent interpersonal, presentation, data analysis & reporting skills ? ICT proficiency in: MS Office, SIMS & NOVAT**** (for timetabling) ? Western Educated  Native English Speakers School offers: ? Enthusiastic, wellbehaved students who love challenges ? Opportunities for growth & middle management responsibilities ? Dedicated Administrative support teams ? Supportive parents, committed senior leadership teams & Board of Directors ? Well appointed & resourced facilities in Dubai ? Competitive tax free salary ? Free accommodation, utility allowance, annual air fare & medical cover All interested candidates should send a full CV to the email address shown or contact Jonathan at The London Teaching Pool for further details. TLTP Group is an Equal Opportunities employer. Subject to observance of all UK and EU current legislation we shall not discriminate to exclude individuals on the grounds of age, race, colour, gender (birth or reassigned), sexual orientation, disability, religion or belief, marital status, ethnic or national origin, health, pregnancy, childcare responsibilities or criminal records. Candidates from such groups are actively encouraged to apply