Title: Programme Officer
Webindex: 71448620
Company: THE BRILLIANT CLUB
Description: The Brilliant Club is a medium sized and rapidly growing charity that exists to promote fair access to the most selective universities. We are looking to recruit an exceptional Programme Officer who will support the planning, development and delivery of our programmes, as well as take a lead on our pupil and parent engagement. If you believe in education and social justice, want to work as part of a dynamic team of dedicated professionals and are conscientious and selfmotivated then we would love to hear from you. You can find out more about what we do at www.thebrilliantclub.org. Our mission: To widen access to highly selective universities by placing PhD students in schools serving low participation communities to deliver universitystyle teaching to high performing pupils. Working in partnership with a range of organisations across the education sector, including school networks and researchintensive universities, The Brilliant Club provides pupils with structured, longterm support that has a core focus on developing skills and raising attainment. Our learning programmes provide sustained exposure to university researchers in an authentic academic environment, developing the skills, confidence and ambition that help talented pupils from disadvantaged backgrounds to secure places at the most selective universities. Programmes are supplemented by traditional outreach activities including university trips, as well as targeted information, advice and guidance. In order to support the rapid growth of the organisation, which includes doubling the number of pupils that we will work with next year and expanding our provision to further regions outside London, we are looking to recruit an exceptional Programme Officer to join our team on a fulltime basis, starting in March or April 2013. Reporting to the Chief Operations Officer and working closely with our School and University Programme Directors the successful candidate will be responsible for the supporting the planning, development and the delivery of our provision for pupils, including PhD student placements in schools, trips, events and conferences. As well as supporting the planning and development of our programmes, the role will mean spending time working directly with young people, especially through the trips, events and conferences that we run. In addition, the role will include taking a lead on pupil and parental engagement through social media and other forums. We think that this is a great opportunity for someone with drive, initiative and resilience to join a rapidly growing and exciting social enterprise. Working in a team of six means real responsibilities and leadership opportunities from day one, and we intend that the successful candidate will develop and grow as the charity develops and grows.