Title: Special Needs Teacher (MLD) NE London
Webindex: 69747189
Company: Classroom Ltd
Description: A special needs school in North East London are looking to appoint an experienced SEN Teacher for a special school situated in the North East area of London. The school is a specialist school for students age **** with severe and profound learning difficulties (SLD and PMLD), moderate learning difficulties (MLD) also students that are on the Autistic Spectrum. Classes are organised by key stages and students within each class have a mixed needs. There is an average of **** students in each group. Currently, the school are looking for a teacher to work woth their MLD students. The head teacher is looking for a professional and dedicated teacher with previous experience teaching students with severe and profound learning difficulties and complex needs. You must be a conscientious and organised teacher with the ability to plan lessons to meet the individual needs of the children. The role will involve working as part of a multidisciplinary team and liaising with parents and other professionals. This is an excellent opportunity to become part of a friendly and organised team. Please only apply for this position if you have the relevant qualifications and experience, a recent CRB and the right to work in the UK. Classroom s specialist SEN division is dedicated solely to recruiting and placing teachers across the full SEN spectrum in London and the Home Counties. We offer positions within PRU s, MLD and SLD Schools, Learning Support Units, Outreach and Intervention Services and Youth Offending Teams. In addition we work closely with individual schools and LEA s providing a comprehensive ****:**** Home and Hospital Tuition Service. Classroom s SEN team have the knowledge, expertise and relationships needed to find you the position you ve been looking for. We have excellent, longstanding relationships with our clients and have spent years building their trust, meaning we are exceptionally wellplaced to place you