Title: Lead Maths Teacher
Webindex: 70760764
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Lead Teacher of Maths Cheshunt, Herts (**** minutes central London) April/September ****1**** Are you an experienced Maths teacher looking to take the next step in your career? Would you lead Maths and inspire pupils at a beautiful, brand new purpose built school located just outside of London and only 20 minutes from London Liverpool Street? If you are an ambitious Maths teacher looking for a defined career path at an exceptional school please read on Lead Teacher of Maths Keys Stage 3 through to ALevel April or September 2013 Brand new purpose built school located in Cheshunt, Herts **** pupils on role but doubling over next 5 years Numerous career opportunities Mixture of pupils with many coming from Enfield, North London Located in Cheshunt this midsized Church of England high school has been providing an excellent standard of education to its students for the past 60 years. In 2010 the school was reopened in state of the art facilities to provide the next generation of students with an unparalleled learning experience. At the earliest opportunity the school are looking to appoint a passionate Maths teacher who has the ability to lead the subject and inspire students through to ALevel. Currently the school has just over **** students on role but this is set to almost double over the next 5 years. The school has recently been judged as a Good school under the new Ofsted criteria and GCSE results are above national averages. The school has a very mixed intake of students with a large number commuting to the school from Enfield in North London and has a more vibrant feel to it than many other schools in the area. The school has a mixture of teaching staff in the Maths department. Staff include two NQT s and two experienced teachers although it lacks someone that can deliver the subject through to ALevel with passion that inspires both students and colleagues. The post will be to lead the subject and will report directly to the director of Maths and ICT who is the schools Deputy Head. This post is offered on a permanent basis and is paid on the fringe pay scale. The school is able to offer recruitment and retention points to make up any shortfall in salary and the post attracts a TLR. There is also vast scope for career growth and professional development as the school grows so ideally you will be a candidate with a long term view and loads of ambition. If this sounds like the sort of school you would like to be a part of either now, in April or September please email your CV to Adrian at Edustaff today for an immediate call back