Title: Inclusion / Exclusion Officer
Webindex: 68371355
Company: CLEAR EDUCATION
Description: Qualifications and Experience May suit someone who has experience of SEN T.A./ Teaching / HLTA with good ICT and administration skills. Educated to NVQ Level III or equivalent essential; Educated to degree level or equivalent desirable. A minimum of two years experience of working within Special Educational Needs administration Experience of working with parents and carers in an educationrelated environment Experience of dealing with child protection issues / processes Experience of effective partnership working with schools and other agencies Principal Duties To ensure that students undertake the work set by departments by encouraging a positive study attitude, with good behaviour, pending the student s return to the classroom. To work with heads of departments, pastoral leaders and teachers regarding the provision of work in order to achieve this. To report on students progress as required including accurate record keeping and linking with parents/carers as appropriate. To line manage any nonteaching staff supporting in the Inclusion Room. To report on the Inclusion Room s operation to groups such as Leadership and Governors Committees. To assist with the supervision and organisation of afterschool detentions. To undertake other duties as appropriate to the post and grade. To contribute to the reduction of statements for special educational needs through the development of and use of effective case work procedures To contribute to the reduction in SEN tribunal cases by developing closer liaison with parents and agencies, bringing about an early and effective response whilst working within agreed frameworks and procedures To bring about improved customer satisfaction evidenced through a reduction in tribunal cases. To provide appropriate advice and support to parents/carers in relation to special educational needs policies and procedures. To develop good liaison and regular practical links with SNAP, schools and parents to ensure all parties work effectively together to find appropriate solutions for children To work closely with other LEA staff and schools to ensure pupils placements are appropriately maintained and regularly monitored, and to reduce exclusion by effective early intervention. To make arrangements for the assessment of special educational needs of pupils, to collate reports, prepare statements / notes in lieu, and secure the implementation and review of prescribed provision To arrange, represent the Chief Education Officer at, and provide support for relevant meetings for appeals, case conferences, Annual Reviews and tribunals. To act as nominated officer in relation to the process of statutory assessment To ensure all case work decisions and meetings are appropriately recorded To identify and report any Child Protection issue appropriately ensuring the safeguarding of pupils at all times, and attend child protection meetings as appropriate. To contribute to the development of good SEN practices in schools and teams To provide relevant training and support for schools, governors and parents