Title: Youth Projects Manager
Webindex: 71877797
Company: VINSPIRED
Description: Do you enjoy working with young people? Are you interested in designing, managing and developing innovative youth involvement and enterprise programmes and campaigns that’ll inspire and motivate young people to change the world through volunteering activities? vInspired believes that young people have the power and passion to change things in the world. All it takes is to channel their energy and enthusiasm in positive directions and to engage them in the right way, so we’ve developed a bright new brand that will inspire young people to get involved. In this high profile role as Youth Projects Manager, you will “own” the high quality operational delivery of our flagship project (Team v) which is a keystone of an exciting new concept in UK youth volunteering. Team v is a year long, parttime programme for young leaders aged **** who want to give their time and get involved in things that matter. As Youth Projects Manager, you will make a huge and noticeable difference by helping to, develop, deliver and expand the Team v programme. You will also need to have experience of managing highly complex projects so your project management skills will be second to none. You will have worked directly with young people and have understanding of the issues young people face. Reporting to the Director of Delivery and Development, you will help to design and develop new youth volunteering and enterprise programmes while line managing, supporting and developing Youth Network Coordinators and Volunteers. Other key aspects of the role will see you: Supervise recruitment, induction, ongoing training and support, including residential training programmes Provide day to day pastoral and project support to young people Lead campaign development Monitor and measure programme impact Actively promote youth volunteering internally and externally To succeed as our Youth Projects Manager, you must have an understanding of youth involvement – its benefits and its barriers, proven experience of leading young people aged **** and a qualification in Youth Work, or part qualification to minimum Level 3. You will also need: A track record of line managing and supporting staff and volunteers A track record of leading, managing and delivering residential training for young people Evidence of managing national programmes and projects and the people involved Demonstrable success in facilitating youthled action, enabling young people to take the lead in designing and delivering projects Experience of developing and rolling out national campaigns Experience of partner or contract management and networking across voluntary and statutory organisations and working effectively with other professionals and agencies Ability to fulfil all the requirements of a Disclosure & Barring check. With a great track record of delivery, our aim is to inspire a new generation of young volunteers. We use the power of online to inspire offline actions, offering easytoaccess opportunities and support for young people to get involved with good causes in their communities. Since our launch, we have succeeded in making a step change in the diversity, quality, and quantity of young people’s volunteering with over 1 million volunteering opportunities created. Together with our almost **** charity partners across the UK we’ve established a great track record for getting things done and in ways which appeal to young people’s passions. We have done great things but this is just the start. Join us and help young people shape our world today and their world tomorrow. To apply, please click 'Visit website' button. Closing date: Noon on 4th February 2013