Title: HR Manager (parttime) 3 days a week ( flexi working hours core hours **** hours a day) Central London
Webindex: 69675549
Company: M. ARIA RECRUITMENT LTD
Description: Reporting to: Director, Corporate Services Main Purpose of Position: An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced HR Manager to join one of the UK's leading Institutions for the engineering Industry based in Central London. This is a standalone role providing the Institution with a generalist HR service, including recruitment, learning and development, employee relations and reward. Policies and procedures must be compliant with UK employment law and aligned with good HR practice. Specific Duties and Responsibilities: Ensure that the Institution s employee handbook, policies and procedures are legally compliant and combine best practice with best fit for the organisation. Provide coaching and interpretation of policies to managers to ensure understanding and implementation. Manage all recruitment for the Institution including role design, advertising / liaison with recruitment agencies, interviewing and any testing required. Ensure recruitment of employees to the Institution of suitable calibre within reasonable cost base. Along with the Chief Executive and Director, Corporate Services, ensure that performance management systems, including probation reviews and annual appraisals, are in place and adhered to. Using appraisal information, identify (with managers) what learning and development is required to enable employees to achieve the Institution s goals. Draft and update operational templates such as contracts, offer letters and job descriptions as required, ensuring that employee administration and employee records, including compensation information and payroll changes, are kept uptodate and follow Data Protection legislation. Manage all employee relations issues including disciplinary, grievance and flexible working, from investigation to outcome, ensuring that managers are aware of their duties, with coaching given to individuals to undertake given roles e.g. disciplinary chair. Have regular contact with managers to understand business issues and opportunities and incorporate these into HR plans and activities, coaching and upskilling on all areas of the employee lifecycle wherever possible. Where necessary influence managers to follow HR best practice enabling them to recruit and retain the high quality people required to deliver the corporate strategy. Personal Specification Experience: The ideal candidate will have previous experience either of a standalone HR role, or accountability for part of a business in a larger organisation. CIPD qualified or part qualified. Previous experience of a membership or professional body is desirable. The Person: The person should be understanding of the culture of a small organisation with a number of loyal and longstanding employees. However they should also have the drive to be able to push through change sensitively and implement and embed new ways of doing things. They should be prepared to provide a professional HR service, with ideas and skills to make improvements to HR processes. They should demonstrate ability to work flexibly and as a team member. They should have experience of project and change management. Awareness of industry: The person should be aware of best practice in HR, in particular for membership organisations. The person should be able to apply their knowledge to ensure best fit of HR policies, practices and procedures for the Institution Influencing skills: The person needs to be a skilled influencer at all levels, and be able to back up their advice with evidence. They would ideally have experience of coaching and mentoring line managers Organisational and administrative skills: Good time management is essential. Substantial experience in operational Human Resources C ommunication skills: Good communication skills including one to one verbal communication, delivering presentations, drafting letters and emails, and writing policies and procedures, are essential. IT skills: Intermediate Word, Excel and Outlook Basic PowerPoint