Title: Research Manager  London
Webindex: 71879969
Company: FRESHMINDS
Description: Research Manager  London The Research Manager role is a pivotal part of the FreshMinds Research team and is responsible for the project management of the research offering across a variety of practice areas/sectors. A Research Manager is involved in all stages of the research lifecycle, ensuring that the research design, analysis and interpretation of results, fulfils clients needs. This role provides the opportunity to work with a wide range of clients and take on a high level of responsibility in interpreting client briefs and translating these into comprehensive and powerful deliverables with the support of the wider research team. Core Responsibilities Work with Research Consultants to understand and interpret clients needs and define business problems and appropriate research methodologies. Liaises with the client at all times and updates on progress regularly, building trust of senior staff and ensuring the client is managed effectively when problems occur. Manages quantitative and qualitative analysis output enabling the wider research team to derive valuable commercial connections as to how clients could use this information. Works closely with Research Consultants to plan and participate in client pitches and is able to pitch FreshMinds full range of services, practice area credentials and differentiators in a credible and compelling fashion What we re looking for You will have a thorough understanding and experience of qualitative and quantitative research methodologies, and demonstrable experience of designing, managing and delivering excellent research projects from brief to delivery. An experienced moderator across a range of qualitative methods. Experience working on **** projects at once, demonstrating exemplary project planning and management skills. Excellent peoplemanagement experience, with the ability to inspire others to generate high value for our clients. You ll have an energetic, positive attitude and the ability to motivate others. You will be working closely with clients, so experience of building client relationships would be a big advantage. You must also be comfortably working with all levels of seniority. You will be a confident selfstarter with an innovative approach to problem solving and an innate curiosity and enthusiasm for research You are likely to have had experience in the following roles or areas: Senior Research Executive, Research Manager, Research Consultant, Marketing Research, Qualitative Research, Quantitative Research. About FreshMinds FreshMinds Research is an awardwinning research consultancy with a reputation for bespoke solutions to business questions that are immediately actionable within organisations. We combine expertise across the spectrum of quantitative and qualitative methodologies, with deep sector knowledge and collaborative project management and stakeholder engagement. Our clients include leading consumer and corporate brands across our specialist sectors: Automotive, Consumer Goods, Education, Gaming, Healthcare, Financial Services, Professional Services and Retail. All our work is strictly confidential, and this often includes mentioning client names. However, we are proud to be able to say that we work with: Burberry, eBay, General Mills brands, Jaguar Land Rover, and Nationwide. Ultimately, we believe that business questions are answered by people, over and above research. FreshMinds Research also won the Market Research Society's top award for Best Agency in **** and **** and the Best Place to Work in 2011.