Title: NQT or QTS Key Stage 1 Teacher, Bedfordshire
Webindex: 70149661
Company: Capita Education
Description: Many of the pupils have additional needs, such as sensory and physical difficulties. The school have a growing number of pupils with Autistic Spectrum Disorders (ASD). The School is recognised as a centre for teaching children with autism and related communication difficulties.The school staff have specialist areas of knowledge and this ensures a vibrant curriculum offering that has the 'personal' at the centre but with a 'good sense' of the learning journey within the wider community. This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its' exceptional team initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet out total commitment to our schools and the children they support To become part of the Capita supply team at this lovely SEN School you will be: An experienced Primary Teacher with SEN experience A lovely individual with a caring nature Able to demonstrate that you have worked with children with EBD Able to work as part of a team Be resilient and hardworking Be patient but firm At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from: The support of a dedicated SEN Consultant Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme Excellent opportunities for CPD Wonderful facilities at school level (delete change as applicable) Opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding teaching role please contact Rachel Linforth at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** or email Rachel.linforthcapita.co.uk