Title: SENDCO
Webindex: 71337814
Company: SHELLEY COLLEGE
Description: Required for September 20****3 or earlier if available TLR1c: **** Shelley College is thriving. Our students celebrated records results in 2012, with 80% achieving five A  C including English and Mathematics. We offer a happy, highly inclusive environment for staff and students alike and our young people are thriving, including those with additional needs. The Governors are seeking to appoint a passionate, effective and driven teacher with a proven track record of success and a clear vision for the development of learning support, to the post of Special Educational Needs Disability Coordinator. This is an opportunity to build on existing strengths and develop a vision for direction for the future. As such, you will have a commitment to raising student achievement and a belief in the ability of all students to achieve and be successful. You will be able to demonstrate clear strategic thinking on how to support students with identified needs to make progress, as well as a good understanding of best practice and current educational thinking. Working with colleagues and external agencies to secure the best outcomes for students, you will manage and coordinate the activity of the Inclusion facility. Naturally, you will abide by the principals set out in the SEN Code of Practice **** Shelley College is set in pleasant rural surroundings close to the Peak District National Park but is easily commutable from major cities such as Leeds, Sheffield and Manchester. We expect high standards but can offer much in return, including outstanding behaviour and supportive, friendly colleagues. If you are keen to join a forward thinking and successful school, we would love to hear from you. Further information can be found on the school website via the button below. Closing date: Midday on Wednesday, 13th February 2013. The college is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of students and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment.