Title: Senior Room Leader
Webindex: 69203808
Company: Caleeda Limited
Description: A vacancy has arisen for a Senior Room Leader to work closely with the Manager and Deputy Manager in a lovely Nursery in Haslemere, Surrey. This position will involve working above the other Room Leaders in the Nursery, supporting with recruitment and training, ensuring ratios are covered, opening and closing the Nursery etc. This is a fantastic opportunity to learn more about the management of the Nursery, while maintaining close links with the children. You must understand how to get the best from your staff team, how to develop and maintain close partnerships with parents and ensure the planning is in line with the EYFS. This exciting opportunity will ensure every day is different and will provide you with new challenges that will lead to real job satisfaction Apply now Some of your responsibilities will include:  To achieve and maintain high standards of care and education  To ensure the children are cared for in a happy, safe and stimulating environment  To lead your team in order for them to plan, prepare and review the curriculum as a team reflective of the EYFS  With the manager to effectively lead and manage the staff team including recruitment and retention, providing day to day guidance, training and support to all staff  To keep abreast of current early childhood thinking/trends specifically related to the relevant curriculum  To ensure all policies and procedures are implemented and adhered to at all times  To implement an effective parent liaison programme, to be influential in developing strong links with parents. You will ideally need to have the following qualifications, training and experience:  NNEB, CACHE level 3, NVQ level 3 or equivalent  Postqualification experience and supervisory experience  Excellent organisational skills with the ability to work deadlines  Knowledge and experience of OFSTED standards and EYFS  Excellent communication skills  Strong people management skills  Knowledge and understanding of equal opportunities. Excellent rates of pay, bonuses and benefits with ongoing support and career development. All applicants will be required to complete an enhanced CRB Disclosure. We believe that we can only be as successful as our employees. That is why we invest 100% in each and every member of our team. PLEASE SEND YOUR CV TO APPLY TO FOR THIS POSITION