Title: NQT or QTS Chemistry Teacher, Hertfordshire
Webindex: 70149748
Company: Capita Education
Description: Chemistry NQT or QTS Teacher ****  **** per day St Albans. Hertfordshire Capita Education Resourcing is currently looking for an educated English Teacher (QTS or NQT) to work in a top secondary school in the St Albans area. This outstanding school supports students to surpass not only academically, but also in extracurricular activities. We are looking for a Teacher with strong classroom management skills to maintain and further increase the standards within the department and the school. This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its' exceptional team initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet out total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this lovely Academy you will be: An experienced NQT or QTS Chemistry Teacher Extremely passionate about Children Have an approachable nature and excellent communication skills Be caring and motivated. Be patient, creative and supportive with the capacity for firmness as required Able to work as part of a team or on your own initiative At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from: The support of a dedicated Secondary Consultant Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme Excellent opportunities for CPD Wonderful facilities at school level Opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding teaching role please contact Stephen Emery at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** **** or email Stephen.Emerycapita.co.uk