Title: Head of English
Webindex: 62124163
Company: Edustaff
Description: Head of Department ? English Are you an experienced English Teacher ready to take the next step into Middle Management? Could you run a successful English Department consisting of some very experienced English Teachers? Head of Department ? English Supportive team and Head Teacher Permanent role from September 2013 MPS/UPS  TLR Newly modernised school in Havering This position for Head of Department for English has only arisen due to the current HOD being promoted. The Head Teacher of this rapidly improving school has contacted me regarding this position. He is very proud of his school and is keen to appoint someone that will feel the same. My client school was deemed as a ?good school? by OFSTED in **** It has sustained the quality of its work in almost all areas and improved in some significant ones since the last inspection. It is now outstanding in two respects: the management of teaching and learning, and students' social, moral, spiritual and cultural development. Standards improved in as a result of a far more rigorous approach to the development of teaching, most notably in English. This was a particularly important achievement as standards in English had been static in previous years. As a result, the percentage of students achieving five A to C grades including English has increased significantly and is now well above the national average. Students clearly enjoy their learning. During their last OFSTED the vast majority of lessons observed during the inspection were at least good, and a fifth were outstanding. This means that students make securely good progress across a range of subjects, especially in English, mathematics and science. Because many teachers have good subject knowledge and display a passion for their subject, students? are enthusiastic and motivated. As a result behaviour is consistently good in class and sometimes exemplary, and makes a significant contribution to the quality of learning. As Head of English you will be a key factor in this already thriving department You must have the determination and hunger to ensure that the success continues. Please send you CV and short covering letter to Alison at Edustaff today to be considered for this fantastic role. You will only be contacted if you are to be shortlisted.