Title: Maths Teaching Job in England
Webindex: 68673454
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: Maths Teaching Job in England Hundred of Hoo School Teacher of Maths Rochester, Kent (England) Salary: Upto **** The Maths department of the Hundred of Hoo School celebrates with their students as GCSE outcomes increased by 14% in 2012, with 54% of students securing AC in Mathematics. As a result, the school is currently looking to recruit a Maths Teacher to teach upto A Level to start in January 2013. The Hundred of Hoo School joined the Trust in September 2011 and has a close working relationship with all partner schools. With rising Ofsted reports, praising the quality of leadership, students' behaviour and the progress made by students, this is an excellent opportunity for a talented and skilled teacher with a strong desire to raise standards to join the Trust. August 2011 saw the best results in the school's **** year history and we are on target to break that record this academic year. Working for Trust you will have a unique opportunity to work in our partner schools both at primary and secondary phases. If you have a proven track record of delivering good or outstanding lessons and would like to work for us we would love to hear from you. Do you have:  Hold a Teaching Qualification  Outstanding subject knowledge upto KS5 Maths  Evidence of further relevant professional development  Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines  Evidence of successful inspiring and innovative teaching in the secondary phase  An excellent track record of success of public examination results  Evidence of lesson observations which have been graded as good or outstanding  Ability to communicate concisely and sensitively both orally and in writing to a variety of audiences Hundred of Hoo offers bespoke professional development (CPD), structured induction/support programme, personal laptop and childcare vouchers. Newly qualified or experienced teachers welcome to apply.  Please note that applications will only be accepted via Tracy Wisdom at Capita Education and forms must be returned for short listing  The school is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare and safety of young people. The successful candidate will be subject to an enhanced criminal records check being undertaken before the position commences. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MathsTeachingJobinEngland_job****