Title: Primary Supply Teacher Bolton
Webindex: 68368224
Company: PROTOCOL EDUCATION
Description: Protocol Education are looking for confident and dynamic teachers to cover a range of supply positions in primary schools across the Bolton area. We can offer you daily supply, shortterm and block bookings and halftermly or longer term assignments. We can offer parttime or fulltime work patterns. The schools we have partnerships with expect every teacher who goes into their school to have a positive impact on learning; every day counts and therefore you must be dedicated to you profession and have a genuine interest in the well being and progression of children and be up to date with the current topical issues surrounding education. We are interested in hearing from you if you have the following: Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) in the UK Recent teaching experience in a school in the UK and flexibility with your working environments and attitude to travel Superb behaviour management skills and the ability to build a strong, professional rapport with children and staff Commitment and passion to good teaching practice and quality supply teaching  Full understanding of safeguarding procedures and child protection methods and responsibilities The pedagogy of providing effectively for the individual needs of all children including classroom organisation and learning strategies. If you meet the above criteria please submit your CV for our consideration or register online; we look forward to hearing from you. Protocol Education is one of the UK's largest Education Recruitment Specialists. As holders of the DfE Quality Mark and corporate members of the REC we pride ourselves on our high standards and quality candidates. We are the only Education Recruiter to hold the REC Audited Status (the Gold Standard). We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All candidates registering with us must have undertaken an Enhanced Disclosure or be willing to do so and cover two years worth of referencing. For further details please call Adam Bell on **** email: abellprotocoleducation.com