Title: Deputy Manager  Nursery
Webindex: 68017131
Description: Role: Deputy Manager  Nursery Location: Telford, Parkway Salary ****  **** Contract: The Company Our client is one of the UKs leading Childcare companies. There nursery provides childcare services for children up to five years old. The Nursery provides a comprehensive day for children in a fun and friendly environment to encourage development and learning in line with EYFS guidelines. The Role To work with, and support the Nursery Manager in the effective running of the nursery in accordance with the established policies and procedures of staff working with the children. To act as Designated Officer in Charge in the absence of Manager. Main Duties:  Assisting the Nursery Manager with the following:  The production of Nursery fees according to deadline, collection and allocation of payments.  Dealing with enquiries from prospective clients confidently and effectively 'selling' the Nursery service, including showing prospective clients around.  Stimulating the personal and career development and training of staff within the Nursery.  Leading the staff team to ensure that the standards of operation are of a high quality.  Ensure nursery complies to health and safety regulations and to Ofsted, EYFS and Safeguarding guidelines.  Managing staff in the nursery, which includes dealing with performance, conduct and absence issues and assisting with annual appraisals. The ideal candidate will have the following skills and experience:  NNEB, BTEC, NVQ III (or equivalent)  At least 2 years post qualifying experience  ICT skils are essential. Hours **** hours on site per week working a shift rota basis to cover the provisional opening hours of 7.00am  6.00pm Monday to Friday including 1 hour break. Early and Late shifts are a requirement. Benefits Free staff uniform provided, Company Sick Pay Scheme, Subsidised childcare available childcare training courses available. Holiday entitlement 20 days in 1st year rising to **** from the 5th year of employment plus Bank Holidays, Pension scheme