Title: Primary Teaching Assistant for Nuneaton Primary School
Webindex: 68803260
Company: EDUSTAFF BIRMINGHAM
Description: Primary Teaching Assistant Nuneaton Are you a graduate from a highly rated university, with either a 1st class honours or a ****:1 degree classification? Are you looking to gain some practical classroom experience as a Teaching Assistant prior to studying for a PGCE or alternative teaching qualification? Are you personable and friendly with the ability to commit to full time work as a Teaching Assistant in a Primary school? Teaching Assistant Full Time Graduate 1st or ****:1 Honour Degree Nuneaton Two form entry Primary School Key Stage **** Supportive head teacher My client s school is situated on the outskirts of Nuneaton, close to countryside in a very nice part of Warwickshire. It caters for pupils from ages 311. My client s school aim to give every pupil the very best possible start in life. They place great importance on valuing each individuals worth and realise each member of the school has a positive contribution to offer. The successful Teaching Assistant will be expected to respect and promote these core values. Although the school was rated as Good' in their most recent Ofsted report they are continually striving to improve through engaging lessons and inspiring teaching staff. In your role as a Teaching Assistant you will be provided with a fantastic opportunity to immerse yourself in all aspects of classroom life. This experience will hopefully be invaluable as you continue your career as a Primary school teacher. You will be a motivated and hard working graduate, who isn t afraid to show your worth by throwing yourself fully in to all the daily challenges a Primary School Teaching Assistant faces. You will need to be flexible in your approach and able to tailor your help to suit the needs of individuals as well as the class. You will be tasked with developing the numeracy and literacy with small groups and on a 1:1 basis. This modern, spacious and well equipped school is easily reachable, via good bus routes, plus there is on site and secure parking for car drivers. As a graduate interested in the role of a Teaching Assistant you must be forward thinking, enthusiastic, empathetic, flexible and 100% committed to education. If you meet the above criteria then please send in a copy of your CV to Patrick at Edustaff today.