Title: Lunchtime Supervisor
Webindex: 68339713
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: A school in parsons Green are now looking for a Lunchtime Supervisor to start ASAP. The school are very supportive, and are looking for some one with commitment. The working hours will be 12pm  1.30pm, Mondays  Fridays. Duties will involve supervising children in the dinner hall and playground, ensuring their safety and welfare. The ideal candidate will have prior experience working with primary children in UK schools. This is a great opportunity if you are looking to work part time hours and be part of a lovely team. In order to arrange interviews / trial days you will need to complete a quick and simple registration process at our offices. You will also need to hold a valid CRB or willing to complete a new one, as well as full reference details for the last five years of your experience(s). Skills Needed: Well presented Strong written and verbal English Adaptability Excellent Communication Professionalism Time Management Committed EnthusiasticAre you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.