Title: Cover Supervisors Rickmansworth
Webindex: 70149665
Company: Capita Education
Description: Cover Supervisor ****  **** per day Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire Capita Education requires a Cover Supervisor for a secondary school in RICKMANSWORTH. The position requires that you supervise students in lessons when colleagues are absent. We require someone who is enthusiastic, consistent conscientious and proactive. Duties will include supervising students, and some administrative tasks. The School is a mixed school for pupils between the ages of **** The school provides opportunities for students of all abilities to achieve high standards in a firm and caring atmosphere This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its' exceptional team initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet out total commitment to our schools and the children they support To become part of the Capita supply team at this lovely Secondary School you will be:  Experienced in managing classes at secondary level  Motivated and able to impart knowledge  Eligible to work in the UK  Able to remain calm under pressure At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated Secondary Consultant  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  Wonderful facilities at school level (delete change as applicable)  Opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding teaching role please contact Stephen Emery at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** or email stephen.emerycapita.co.uk.