Title: SEN Primary Teaching Assistant  South East London
Webindex: 71295077
Company: Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: SEN Primary Teaching Assistant/Learning Support Assistant Required  Outstanding Primary School in South East LondonAfter half term or sooner if possible Good rates of pay This is a fantastic opportunity for a Secondary SEN Teaching Assistant/Learning Support Assistant to join an outstanding Primary school in South East London. The school has a grade **** OfSted report and excellent results. The school is heavily oversubscribed and arguably one of the most popular school in the borough; it has a 6th form and is a vibrant mixed school that offers superb opportunities for active and enthusiastic people Are you an experienced TA/LSA looking for a new challenge, or to work in large school with lots of opportunities for you to work in your area of the curriculum? Then this is also an excellent place to be. The school will give you the opportunity to work in the areas in which you are passionate about, be it PE, drama, science etc The school has exceptional leadership; the Headteacher and Senior Management team have been working at the academy for a number of years and fostered a direct yet informal leadership style based on sound communication and fairness. Expectations of staff, as well as students are high, and as a result with its continued strategy, the academy has become an absolute success. Resources at the school are excellent following the opening of new state of the art buildings and facilities. This vacancy has a flexible start date. If you are available immediately, then you could start this month or this term. If you are available to start before half term then that is also good. Ideally we are looking for someone who is not in a permanent role at the moment, since this is a long term temporary vacancy. We will not give you an end date, and we would expect the post to continue for at lease a full year at the school. You will be directed to support students with special educational needs either within in the classroom as directed by an SEN teacher in order to help pupils succeed with their learning. This could include working with individual pupils and small groups of children within units attached to a mainstream school. Requirements: You should be passionate about education, and be able to demonstrate this with relevant experience. You should hold a CRB check. Applicants with recent, continued secondary school experience would be highly advantageous If you are interested in applying for this position or would like to enquire about any other SEN teaching positions in and around London, contact Dean at Remedy Education Our objective is to be an equal opportunities employer and we welcome applications from everyone with suitable skills and ability regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, gender, disability, sexual orientation, age, religion or belief. All applications will be accepted and reviewed solely on merit