Title: Assessment Coordinator
Webindex: 71749920
Company: Spring Personnel
Description: A vocational qualification provider in London is looking for an experiences Assessment Coordinator to join their team. The purpose of this role is to manage the development and maintenance of assessments to the requirements of the regulatory bodies, as required, in order to support the growth of the organisation s business. Key responsibilities Assessment Development / maintenance:  Full range of assessment materials and documentation produced on schedule, to agreed quality standards, customer needs and to KPIs.  Standards moderation meetings coordinated, facilitated and managed efficiently to meet agreed quality and timescale targets  Results determination and issue process completed accurately to KPIs and quality standards.  Manage teams of Subject Matter Experts to deliver assessment production, maintenance and marking requirements.  Appeals, malpractice, Access Arrangements and special considerations processed in line with policy, process and customer charter  Examiner reports produced to include analysis of assessment performance and examiner comments as required  Contribute to query, error and incident resolution around assessment as required and inform improvements to processes and systems. Assessment advice:  Reliable guidance and advice on best practice for assessment provided to internal and external contacts  Effective training for Subject Matter Experts carried out  Enquiries about specific assessments responded to in line with customer charter  Contribute to development of the organisation s policies relating to own areas of responsibility and their practical implementation. Continuous improvement and innovation:  Quality and performance of assigned assessments is monitored and information on improvements/changes is provided.  Ensure currency of assessment knowledge and best practice  Develop and maintain effective working relationships with key stakeholders (including customers, Assessment Practice Team, Operations) Data and business information:  Produce, monitor and report on annual assessment maintenance plans and contribute to assessment development plans  Performance of Subject Matter Experts for assigned products is monitored effectively and information for improvements/changes to assessment and/or assessment processes is provided.  Plan, authorise, monitor and report on expenditure according to delegated authority to ensure budgets are managed effectively.  Established and ad hoc management information reports produced accurately and to schedule and distributed as appropriate. Person specification Experience in administration, working to deadlines and without supervision Knowledge / experience of assessment and/or education or training Experience of managing meetings for groups of people High level of accuracy in document production with proof reading skillsSpring Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Group plc is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Posting Time