Title: Senior Sustainability Consultant
Webindex: 71873192
Company: URS INFRASTRUCTURE & ENVIRONMENT
Description: URS is currently recruiting for a Senior Sustainability/Carbon Consultant into their Corporate Sustainability and Carbon Management team. As a senior member of the team, your role will involve development and delivery of corporate and product carbon footprints and carbon reduction strategies as well as supporting on other sustainability measurement projects such as water footprinting. You will be expected to provide high quality work within agreed time, budget and quality frameworks and ensure technical, quality and financial aspects of projects are well managed to deliver effective solutions and ensure client satisfaction. You will support others to identify and pursue business opportunities with new and existing clients and will lead on the development of (small/medium) proposals and engage in direct contact with clients as well as build and maintain effective relationships. At this level of experience you will be a well established sustainability or carbon consultant. Although we are looking specifically for a consultant who has a carbon consulting background, you should also have extensive project management experience including commercial awareness and understanding. You must also have client facing experience with a proven record in managing client relations within the private sector across a number of client sectors. A sound understanding of UK/EU current and upcoming sustainability/energy/carbon legislation and policy is also required with a proven ability to apply this to project work. Furthermore, you should also be able to demonstrate a good understanding of wider sustainability issues and how these impact businesses i.e. water/waste, supply chain and product stewardship including LCA being an advantage. You must have a relevant degree and ideally we are looking for candidates who have completed a relevant Masters qualification. Location is Basingstoke but we could be flexible to Bristol, Birmingham or potentially London.