Title: PA To Headmistress
Webindex: 67643933
Company: Solutions2Recruitment
Description: PA  Educational Environment (39 weeks per annum) This responsible and confidential position provides administrative and secretarial support for an established School The post holder will be responsible for the smooth running the school office, and therefore must be confident,be able to work on their own initiative and have excellent planning and organisational skills. We are looking for a hardworking, positive and flexible person, who is willing to handle tasks ranging from the urgent and highly confidential, to more mundane administrative tasks. Candidates with a legal or Accountancy background could fit well into this environment PA and secretarial support Diary organisation and screening of calls and visits Organising meetings with parents and staff , greeting and looking after parents and other visitors Liaising with the Head for printing of termly reports and uploading these documents onto SIMS. Assisting in the preparation and collation of annual staff and parents; handbooks Attend and produce minutes for the staff and weekly meeting and other ad hoc meetings as necessary. Follow up action points from meetings Maintain/manage budget records Updating documentation on the shared network drive and the intranet To assist with and manage ad hoc projects. Attend parents evenings and school functions as required. Attend Parent Association events and other evening/weekend events. General To assist the Director of Admissions  Marketing and classroom teachers, as and when required, with any relevant administrative duties. Ordering new departmental resources Attend open sessions and market the school by speaking to prospective parents, acting as ambassador for the school. To be an Appointed First Aider To be a good role model in respect of speech, dress, behaviour and care of equipment. To be in agreement with all school policies and promote good practice in attitude and behaviour towards children. Any other reasonable management request Skills Excellent communication skills. A warm and professional telephone manner. An ability to demonstrate excellent interpersonal and administrative skills. Good IT literacy with excellent Word and Excel skills a good knowledge of PowerPoint Systems experience on SIMS or other school or customer database would be an advantage. The ability to work on own initiative and to prioritise a workload. Qualified First Aider or willing to train be a First Aider Hours of work: Monday to Friday ; 8.00am to 5.15pm (term time) The successful candidate is required to work: A total of 39 weeks and .5 of a day (exact days may be changed with the agreement of the Head) Holidays: The salary includes a holiday and bank holiday entitlement of 28 days pro rata.; Holidays to be taken during school holiday periods. Salary:**** ( Per annum) Benefits Lunch is provided free of charge during term time. Contributory pension scheme.; Death in Service