Title: After School Club Playworker Tues  Friday
Webindex: 71798936
Company: Schools Out Club UK Ltd
Description: Job Description Playworker Job Purpose To provide a high standard of care and support under the direct supervision of the Manager. Ensure a safe, stimulating and appropriate play environment is maintained at the setting. To adhere to company standards and Ofsted regulations. Core Tasks  Under the direction from the Manager to provide personal care support in a dign ified, sensitive and safe manner.  To ensure that a professional standard of care is established and maintained with particular regard to physical , social, educational and recreational needs.  To undertake all medical procedures as required for staff or children following receipt of relevant training from health care professionals.  Accompany the Manager and children on recreational outings.  Carry out requests made by the Manager invo l ving the physica l we l fare and spiritual development of the children.  T ake part in day to day administration, record keeping, ordering and purchasing of materials and equipment.  Assist with the planning, preparation, execution and clearing up of activities.  Help monitor the condition of all equipment and resources – carry out cleaning and repairs as necessary .  Be concerned with the general welfare of the children, including matters relating to their health and personal hygiene.  Assist with any assessment procedures .  Undertake any duties which may be reasonably allocated and fall within the scope and responsibilities of this job i.e. cooking .  Have a commitment towards Equal Opportunities. Common responsibilities and behaviours  Work within Ofsted regulations .  To maintain strict confidentiality in the work undertaken .  To at all times uphold the positive professional image of the company .  To be conversant with and follow all policy and procedures which apply to your day to day work .  Identify an d continually assess how to reduce ineffective time within your area .  look to develop yourself and attain new skills .  Always work in a safe and responsible way .  Undertake courses/training as necessary for professional development .  Attend regular staff meetings . Miscellaneous  The post holder will be expected to ensure that Health and Safety is observed in the course of employment .  The post holder will be expected to ensure compliance with Equal Opportunities Policy and Procedure in a l l employment practices .  The post holder will be expected to comply with a no smoking requirement .  It is the nature of the work of schools out club uk ltd that task and responsibilities are, in many circumstances, unpredictable and varied. All staff are, therefore, expected to work in a flexible way when the occasion arises where tasks which are not specifically covered with the Job Description have to be undertaken. January ****