Title: Health & Social Care Tutor/Assessor  Bristol
Webindex: 70139229
Company: Pursuit Training Ltd
Description: Purpose of Role To support the delivery of our classroom based qualifications and manage a caseload of learners in accordance with Pursuit Training quality guidelines. Support the learning process and plan the assessment process to ensure timely completion and achievement of a range of qualifications. Key Responsibilities Support the delivery of our classroom based qualifications Deliver group learning sessions Responsible for the required number of learners in accordance with KPIs. To deliver the appropriate number of qualifications in accordance with KPIs. To ensure learner attainment and completion is in line with company, funding and regulatory bodies. To complete and maintain paperwork to the required standards as set out in KPIs. To develop and implement an individual learning plan for all learners. Additional Responsibilities Review learners performance in accordance with contract guidelines. Motivate and support learners to achieve in line with agreed targets and deadlines. Support and enable the learning process. Plan the assessment process with learners and employers, observe and record assessment and complete all relevant documentation. Ensure learners are correctly and timely registered on the correct qualifications. Monitor health and safety practices within work placements. Monitor equal opportunities within work placements. Promote Pursuit Training at every opportunity with learners, placements, careers, schools, funding bodies, awarding bodies and any other applicable external body. Feedback any business opportunities to the Business/Operations Manager. Manage own time effectively in order to complete workload and ensure deadlines are met. Plan, schedule and evaluate own work. Create, maintain and promote good working relationships. Provide manager with accurate forecasts as required. Support colleagues in their personal development. Responsible for own CPD. Any other reasonable duties that are required by your line manager.