Title: Humanities Teacher (NQT)
Webindex: 69144649
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: A post for a Humanities NQT has arisen within a training school in Kidderminster. They have excellent facilities within the humanities department and throughout the school. They would like a newly qualified Humanities Teacher to join the team from September 201****. They are looking for an individual they can sculpt and show the outstanding practices. Are you a qualified humanities teacher seeking a school where you will gain all the support you needs to succeed? Would you like to work within a school where pupils are eager to learn and there are little or no behavioural issues? Well my school is giving you the opportunity to work with them Teacher of Humanities (NQT) MPS Permanent role Kidderminster Good transports links from Dudley and Worcestershire Easily accessible by car Supportive and well resourced department, excellent HOD Immediate interviews – September 2013 The Head of Humanities is currently seeking a Humanities NQT to develop into an outstanding Teacher. Primarily they are looking for you to teach KS3 and KS**** but as you settle in they will require you to teach up to A Level. Humanities is a very popular subject within the school and this down the outstanding teachers accumulated within the department. The role is a full time role to commence in September 2013; an earlier start can be arranged. The Head of Humanities is asking that all new qualified Humanities Teachers to have good placement references and a confident teaching manner. The school benefits from easy accessible links from Dudley and Worcestershire, if you do drive onsite parking is provided. The school is a mixed comprehensive school which has received outstanding within all departments. As a Humanities Teacher the school will offer you, excellent support and an inclusive induction programme for all NQT. If you would like to apply for this role, please send your CV to Cassandra at Edustaff Please note: Only successful candidates will be contacted