Title: Cover Supervisors Required  Kent
Webindex: 71482291
Description: Excellent Cover Supervisors needed in Maidstone, Kent. Are you a Cover Supervisor, HLTA looking for 5 days a week work in the Maidstone area? Hays Education is currently looking for Cover Supervisors to provide support to Schools in Maidstone, Kent for 5 days a week. Hays Education is currently looking for Specialist Cover Supervisors who can assist Schools in the Maidstone area with their general cover needs 5 days a week. Cover Supervisors are responsible for whole classes of students across the secondary school curriculum. They are responsible for supervising work set by a member of the teaching staff and managing the classroom and behaviour at all times. A cover supervisor would be on hand to offer constructive support to students and to report back to the class teacher with any information that might benefit future learning. Hays Education are looking for candidates who are available to work 5 days a week. Hays Education currently work with a number of Schools in the Maidstone area. These schools provide a number of Cover Supervisor jobs across. To be considered for Cover Supervisor jobs in Maidstone you must have: Relevant classroom experience Be able to work 5 days a week Willingness to promote learning Strong classroom management skills Flexible and adaptable approach to work Positive outlook Innovative and resourceful classroom management methods Not only will you receive all the support you need from a Department of Education accredited recruitment expert, while working for Hays you ll also enjoy a range of employee benefits, including: One to one relationship with a consultant who will deal with your specific needs Excellent rates of pay Local work in your area Recommend a friend scheme that can earn you **** per person Specialist assistance with CV writing, interview techniques etc Long term and permanent recruitment opportunities Terms and Conditions apply To find out more about this and other Cover Supervisor roles teaching jobs in Maidstone please contact Tamar Bannister at the Hays Education Maidstone office on **** **** **** Alternatively, please apply and attach your C.V. and we will contact you.