Title: Nursery Manager  West Dorking
Webindex: 70761793
Company: Asquith Nurseries
Description: Asquith is the UK s leading provider of premium childcare with a portfolio of 81 Nurseries. With our team of expert trainers we take pride in the continuous development we offer to our staff, ensuring they become leaders of the future within Asquith. This is a great chance to become part of a fun and dynamic team. We are currently seeking a proven Nursery Manager with experience managing a large private nursery setting. Our loved and respected nursery is based in a lovely old listed building in the grounds of Dorking Hospital. We ve had a bright refurbishment completed in 2012 and we are conveniently located walking distance from the town centre with excellent rail and bus links. Parking is available. West Dorking Day Nursery is rated Good by Ofsted. Our opening hours are 7.00am 6.30pm. This is a full time position working 40 hours per week Monday to Friday. Tell me more about the responsibilities of a Nursery Manager within Asquith? As Nursery Manager you must effectively manage dayday running of the nursery including all financial operations Maintain accurate accounts for the nursery and produce management information when required Ensure the accuracy of staff Rosta and payroll administration Monitor and report Petty cash and be responsible for the collection and recording of fees Monitor staff costs with regards to budget projections Promote the nursery to current and potential customers Ensure accurate marketing, occupancy and quality and standards To recruit, support, train and appraise all staff to ensure high quality childcare practice and to develop staff teams and individual practitioners. Lead in the implementation of the relevant curriculum Develop staff to become leaders of the future within Asquith As Manager you will be responsible for recruitment of and induction plan for all staff Maintain accurate staff records Support development plans Work in consultation with HR in Disciplinary and Grievance investigations and meetings with regard to staff. You will provide high standards of quality within the Nursery including the environment, resources and experiences offered to children. Ensure that children are kept safe and that staff understand and when necessary follow safeguarding procedures. Implement Health and safety policies within the nursery and support from Risk Management team Work with area SENCOs, EYFS advisors, health professionals and local Sure Start programmes as appropriate. Adhere to all company policies and procedures What experience and qualifications must I have to apply? Minimum Level 3 qualification or equivalent A Minimum of 3 years post qualifying experience in a full day care setting A minimum of 2 years experience in a supervisory role in the delivery of services for young children Experience of supporting and leading teams to improve best practice Experience of Financial Management and Budget Planning A sound knowledge of child protection procedures Knowledge and understanding of key legislation related to childcare and education The ability to plan and organise work load Asquith Nurseries are committed to ensuring everyone in our organisation is responsible for Safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All successful candidates will be required to undertake an enhanced CRB disclosure. Due to a high level of applications, only successful candidates will be contacted