Title: KS2 Teacher (with ASD experience) ASAP start
Webindex: 71675954
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: Capita Education Resourcing is currently recruiting and interviewing for a Key Stage 2 Teacher for an SEN School in the Greenwich Borough of London to teach a small group of children on the Autistic Spectrum, for the spring term. The client is looking for a dedicated professional who has uptodate knowledge of PECS and experience teaching in the structured approach required in an ASD environment. The school is looking for someone who can commit their life to the school as a fulltime member of staff and must have QTS. The successful teacher will be  Keen to develop wellrounded students,  Able to coordinate the efforts of their support staff,  Bright and creative whilst looking to achieve excellence,  Able to differentiate their approach for pupils of all abilities,  Able to swim. These are great opportunities to join an 'outstanding' school environment and become part of an exceptional team. With 'on the jobtraining' as well as access to the Capita Education CPD portfolio and TeamTeach training, Capita Education ensures you are well supported and developed. Capita offer very competitive rates of pay as well as a unique pay system where you can take home more of your hard earned pounds. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding role within special educational needs, please contact Consultant Louise Grady at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** **** or email: louise.gradycapita.co.uk Capita Education Resourcing currently offers a refer a friend reward scheme. For details of how you could receive a cash reward for every teacher/support candidate we place, please contact Louise on the details above. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/KS2TeacherwithASDexperienceASAPstart_job****