Title: CALLING ALL MILTON KEYNES PRIMARY TEACHERS
Webindex: 56365948
Company: Teachin
Description: CALLING ALL MILTON KEYNES PRIMARY SCHOOL TEACHERS Teach In is currently looking to appoint Primary Teachers to start immediately at a school in Milton Keynes. A reception teacher is required to teach at a fantastic, supportive school with great facilities. The school is based within Milton Keynes and is easily accessible and well served by public transport links. The ideal candidates will be confident, professional teachers with the ability to engage Primary students and encourage them to appreciate and enjoy learning. Pupil behaviour and achievement is excellent. The staff at this school are incredibly supportive and welcoming. You will need to be qualified with a PGCE, GTP, Bachelor of Education, or equivalent if you are an overseas trained teacher. Along with this there is also a competitive salary available. The successful candidates will be able to demonstrate: o An ability to Deliver Effective Lessons to Primary students o Excellent Behaviour Management Skills o Passion and Enthusiasm for Teaching If you are interested in this role or any other role within the Milton Keynes area please contact me at  or call me on  **** As part of the UK's leading education supplier, Teach In is the obvious choice for teachers looking for the right role in the right school. Our career managers work hard and efficiently to give you the opportunity to move your teaching career in the right direction. We are looking for first rate teachers and in return we offer great rates of pay and a friendly, professional service We have strong relationships with all major schools in the area so if you have the talent to teach and are equipped with the requisite qualifications, apply today and we'll find the right role for you. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Due to the overwhelming response to online advertising, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. pgce qts gtp bed nqt primary ks****s**** bucks