Title: Year **** Primary NQT
Webindex: 66892873
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: My client school is a small North London Church of England Primary School led by an inspiring head teacher. The school has come on leaps and bounds with an already impressive reputation. The head teacher; who has been in post since ********1 has developed the school in all areas and instilled a new and positive culture over the last year. Are you a talented NQT, graded as Good and Outstanding in your PGCE or GTP placements? Are you ambitious and keen to secure your first permanent post under the guidance of a Deputy Head and AST as your mentor? Are you actively seeking a post within a high achieving Primary School in the North of London? Primary NQT required  Key Stage 2 Teacher ideally (possibly Year ****) Needs to be a confident and personable character North London Location Borough of Barnet Excellent transport links Applicants need to be graded Good  Excellent leadership team and support in place NQT s mentored by Outstanding practitioners Permanent post  September 2013 Start MPS 1 (****) The school can be accessed via the Piccadilly line and is based in the borough of Barnet. Described simply as fantastic ; this small London based Primary School requires a talented and ambitious Primary NQT to join the team this September on a permanent basis. The school has developed and improved on its already impressive record under the guidance of the new head teacher. Pupils attainment is high and progress is consistent, so applicants will need to be academically strong, driven and ambitious. As an NQT, this is an excellent opportunity for your career and professional development with a very supportive structure in place and proven by an NQT being placed there 2 years ago. You will be supported and mentored by 2 extremely talented teachers, graded as Outstanding themselves. Mentored by an AST and Deputy Head Teacher will give you an opportunity like no other NQT and hopefully contribute towards becoming an Outstanding teacher yourself  The head is keen to appoint an NQT with an interest and passion to teach Key Stage 2. You will be taking on a Year **** class in which pupils are well behaved, with SEN and EAL lower than average. The catchment is still diverse and a high proportion of pupils are of Greek/Greek Cypriot heritage. If you feel you fit the criteria and are looking to secure your first post within such a school to kick off your career, then please do get in touch today by emailing me your full CV and cover letter with interviews being held around February half term