Title: Marketing Officer – Education
Webindex: 69677715
Company: GREENHILL GROUP
Description: Leading education provider seeks a customer oriented Marketing Officer to join their busy marketing team Marketing Officer Education Cambridge up to ****  Bonus  Excellent Benefits ref: ****LW Our client is part of a successful global education provider and they are currently seeking a highly organised and motivated Marketing Officer for their Cambridge office. As Marketing Officer, you will provide marketing and general administrative support to the busy International Marketing Team. Within this Marketing Officer role, your main accountabilities will be: Managing customer enquiries; facetoface, via email and over the phone. Promoting all products and providing information. Assisting the Senior Marketing Manager with updating marketing literature. Updating the website and social media sites. Organising oversees visits for the senior management. Attending occasional UK events. The ideal candidate will be of graduate calibre and have some previous experience in marketing or in a customer facing/sales role. Experience working in an international environment, for an international company or with international customers would be beneficial. Experience working in the education sector or with student recruitment is also advantageous. The successful candidate will have solid time management, communication and interpersonal skills and have an excellent telephone manner. As Marketing Officer you will be rewarded with a salary package of ******** (depending on experience), and benefits including a bonus scheme and access to useful facilities. If you feel your skills meet the requirements of this Marketing Officer position and you d like to be considered for the role, apply today Why not refer a friend for ****? terms and conditions apply Greenhill Group is a Sales and Marketing consultancy who operate within East Anglia. Therefore we will only accept applications from candidates who have permanent residency in the UK. Candidates who do not meet this criteria need not apply. If we do not contact you within one week of your application, unfortunately we are not able to assist you in your search for employment at the present time.