Title: Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultants – Top 50 Fast Track **** Company  Manchester
Webindex: 69680782
Company: HARVARD BROWN LTD
Description: Trainee Recruitment Consultants Top 50 Fast Track 100 Company This Top 50 Fast Track 100 Company is looking for Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultants to join them as part of their ambitious organic growth plans to train, develop and reward Graduates with lucrative , fastpaced and rewarding careers including rapid career progression. My client is an ambitious and rapidly expanding recruitment company, with a strong reputation for excellence amongst their clients and candidates. They specialise in recruiting for a number of markets including IT, finance, engineering and media for a variety of leading SME s and FTSE 100 companies. They have placed in the top 50 of The Sunday Times Fast Track 100 list for two consecutive years and due to their consistent and exceptional success, are looking to grow their London, Manchester and Bristol offices. They are committed to organic growth, having only hired graduates without any experience and provide them with the opportunity to be rewarded with fasttrack career progression and positions of seniority as quickly as they deserve. Their commitment to developing graduates through an intense and quality training has led to many of their trainees becoming team leaders within 12 months of joining the business. During your training you will be mentored by a proven and experienced team leader who will work closely with you to ensure you reach your full potential. Your training will be fastpaced but structured, with internal and external training covering all aspects of the recruitment process; from client and candidate generation to closing deals. One aspect of the role itself involves proactively coldcalling businesses to generate new clients. You will use your personable communication style to engage with, convince and persuade decision makers within leading businesses to use you as a supplier. You will also be expected to source highly skilled individuals within your market through advertising, headhunting, referrals, lead generation, networking and coldcalling. You will have an ability to build rapport with people at all levels and initiate, build and maintain client and candidate relationships effectively. My client appreciates and understands that in a highly pressurised and competitive sales role, their employees should be remunerated sufficiently. Successful applicants can expect to be rewarded with one of the most competitive commission structures in the industry. You will have the chance to earn up to 35% commission from day one. In addition to a motivating and rewarding commission structure, extra incentives such as luxury 5 holidays, car bonuses, trips to Europe s top destinations (including Madrid, Barcelona, Prague, Paris and Marbella) as well as dinning out at Michelin starred restaurants for their monthly lunch clubs for exceptional performers. In order to be successful in your application, you will be a moneymotivated, competitive and target driven individual; with the ability to demonstrate a history of success throughout a number of areas in your life. You will be ambitious, with the tenacity, determination and killer instinct to become a success in a very competitive and fastpaced industry. Ideally, you will be educated to a 2:1 degree level or above. Sales experience will enhance your application; however, it is not essential due to the training on offer. With plans for expansion into Europe, an additional language will be an additional benefit. To be considered for this role, and other roles at leading recruitment businesses in London, Bristol and Manchester, please send your CV through to David at d.brownharvardbrown.co.uk Additionally, please refer to the PDF documents below and our Facebook, Twitter (HarvardBrownLtd) and YouTube pages for more information; including interview tips and advice. Specialising in placing graduates and sales professionals into the recruitment industry, we are a preferred supplier to an extensive and diverse range of carefully selected clients, from boutique executive search and selection firms to multinational and often multi awardwinning recruitment organisations. Apply today to work as a Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant for one of the UK's leading recruitment companies. Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant, Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant London, Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant Manchester, Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant Bristol