Title: GRADUATE MARKETING JUNIOR
Webindex: 72679893
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: GRADUATE MARKETING Do you thrive in a fast paced fun environment? Are you looking for variety career progression? Get experience in Sales, Promotions Marketing NOW. Our company is currently seeking the future leaders of our organisation to be developed from bottom up with graduate marketing sales opportunities in order to run a successful business. Our business development programme is designed to take **** draft picks and coach them all areas of our firm in order to develop a winning attitude for the future leaders of our organisation. Sports minded people work well with our company because they know what it is like to be part of a successful team and about how to attack the competition. OUR GRADUATE MARKETING OPPORTUNITIES OFFER:  No Seniority, Merit Based Advancement  Competitive Pay  Outstanding Growth Opportunities  Travel Opportunities We re looking for talented graduates with the right qualities and values. We want you if you ve got a strong background in marketing sales or if you re:  Motivated and ambitious  Looking for a challenge  Resilient  Persuasive  Competitive  Intelligent You will need to be a highly determined graduate who can demonstrate the ability to deliver in the above criteria, as your daily graduate marketing role will include:  Proactively source new customers and develop intelligent business relationships through face to face  Creating and managing marketing material to create interest in our services and candidates.  Carrying out selection of potential applicants through face to face meetings, and preparing candidates for interview. You as a graduate you may be in a state of limbo as to where you wish to direct your career. You may be thinking opportunities are scarce and earning potential poor. Think again If you are seeking IMMEDIATE GRADUATE MARKETING opportunities, contact our company with your CV, best contact number and covering letter. We are filling opportunities ASAP for our Birmingham location, so please respond promptly. All earnings are based entirely on completed sales applications only. ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE WILLING TO COMMUTE TO THE BIRMINGHAM CENTRE CITY ON A DAILY BASIS. With limited graduate marketing openings we are looking for people who are available immediately and over the age of **** To protect our clients and to help fill openings quickly all applicants who are a non resident will need to show proof that you are legible to legally work in the UK. All applicants not locally based will have their applications rejected. sales marketing customer service advertising promotions direct sales field sales graduate non graduate no experience business development birmingham