Title: SIMS Administrators Wanted
Webindex: 69504338
Company: Capita Education
Description: Capita are currently recruiting for SIMS Administrators to work long term and daily supply at a number of primary schools in Tower Hamlets & Newham. Successful applicants must have previous experience working with SIMS software in a school as the roles will cover all aspects of administration within a busy office. In order to be offered a post, the applicant must have a cleared enhanced CRB check. Responsibilities include: Providing general admin support such as photocopying, filing, invoicing, faxing, completing standard forms, and responding to routine correspondence Handling queries from parents, pupils and staff on the reception desk Dealing with queries from outside agencies on the phone General support with arranging breakfast clubs Successful candidate requirements: Previous admin experience in the education sector Indepth knowledge of SIMS (School Information Management System) Is a competent user of ICT packages, including Excel, Outlook and Word Have an understanding of school roles and responsibilities Able to manage tasks efficiently to a high standard Some knowledge of FMS would be advantageous First aid training would be advantageous Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We guarantee to increase your takehome pay compared to PA YE by offsetting legitimate business expenses against your income. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding teaching role please contact Chris Smith at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** **** or email chrisjohn.smithcapita.co.uk