Title: Packaging Analyst
Webindex: 69024820
Description: We are working with a logistics company in the West Cheshire area who are looking for a Packaging Analyst to join their team. The job is a permanent, fulltime role, which will be 37 hours per week. They want a candidate who will be able to produce packaging solutions appropriate to specific customer requirements in a fast moving supply chain environment that are compatible with an overall lean: cost down philosophy. This is to ensure that packaging best practice is adhered to and that all packaging suppliers engaged are managed to ensure service delivery is met. Our client is a big player in the worldwide logistics market, with many offices all over the globe. They providing logistics services to key sectors that include Aerospace, FMCG, Oil & Gas, Automotive, Healthcare and Retail. The role would consist of: Providing bespoke packaging solutions for high value components taking into account best practice in transportation optimization, line side delivery requirements and parts protection Providing generic packaging solutions including kit boxes, pallets and delivery cages Analysis and interpretation of customer data The conceptualisation and development of packaging solutions The development of packaging operations management solutions including tracing, pooling, repair and maintenance, sortation and storage Management of RFQ and benchmarking and knowledge of procurement to ensure the best packaging quality/cost/service mix Monitoring of varying tasks as defined by the project plan are completed or where issues arise that prevent completion these issues are identified and escalated where required Facilitate the definition of project scope, product requirements, business case, goals and deliverables Define packaging development tasks and resource requirements. Develop packaging project plans and associated communication documents. Plan and schedule packaging development timelines. Identify and manage packaging project dependencies and critical path. Track packaging project milestones and deliverables using appropriate tools. Quality assurance. Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation and presentations. Present reports defining solution progress, risks and issues and escalate where required. Implement and manage solution changes and interventions to achieve deliverables. Solution evaluations and assessment of results. Build, develop and grow any business relationships vital to the success of the solution or the business as a whole. The starting salary will be **** per annum, and the supplementary package includes a 10% bonus scheme, a pension, and private health insurance. In order to be considered for the role, you MUST have: Previous experience in similar role, in a fast moving Customer and Servicefocused logistics environment Proven experience in requirements management Project management experience within a similar complex logistic or supply chain environment Expertise in returnable and disposable packaging solutions design in a variety of materials but not limited to: metals, plastics, foam, composite, wood and cardboard Proven experience in risk/issue management Excellent IT skills including use of MS Office software. Excellent communication (written/verbal) and presentation skills. Detailed knowledge of the European Industrial packaging industry I am looking to set up interviews as soon as possible, so if you are interested and available for interview, please reply with your CV and daytime contact number as soon as possible and I'll get back to you. Please feel free to pass on my details if you know someone who might be interested