Title: Marketing/Sales Internship Ref:****
Webindex: 69677907
Company: STEP ENTERPRISE
Description: Communications Solutions UK Ltd is primarily a specialist headset reseller to the telecommunications market. They are developing both a unified communications offering and a niche market in acoustic safety devices based around the Soundshield. The role Communications Solutions UK Ltd are looking for a Graduate to play a key role in building a new market around acoustic safety devices focused on the Soundshield product range. The Soundshield ****G has just been launched, with a wireless version having recently become available. The initial target market will be **** Emergency control centres, particularly Fire and Police. Your role would be to assist with producing marketing materials, contacting potential users, carrying out demonstrations and becoming a product champion . By undertaking this internship within a small business, you will have involvement in all the business processes. You will be part of a team developing a marketing strategy, producing sales and presentation materials. In addition you will have customer contact at many levels including face to face presentations and demonstrations, with ultimately exposure to sales and pricing. This opportunity is offered over a period of 12 weeks. Skills required You will be a recent graduate, having completed a bachelor s degree in a science or technology subject, Business Studies or Media/Marketing. You will have strong communication skills, computer literacy and the ability to work as part of a team, and to think both independently and creatively. Ideally you will be able to think on your feet, be enthusiastic, hardworking and have a positive attitude. Ideally, if you have a science or technology background you will have some technical competency in either acoustics or electronics, though business focused graduates are encouraged to apply. You will receive a training allowance of **** per week, free from Tax and National Insurance deductions. In order for your application to considered, it is important that you fully complete the registration process including a strong personal statement along with details of your education, skills and your work experience. By completing a full registration this will allow us to consider you for other roles that might be of interest and allow us to be more proactive in helping you to find quality work experience and perhaps permanent employment.