Title: Early Years Group Leaders
Webindex: 69075688
Company: Super Camps Ltd
Description: Super Camps are recruiting for Early Years staff to work with the **** year olds, leading activities in a camp environment during the school holidays. We are looking for confident individuals to manage all the Early Years aspects on camp alongside the Camp Manager. Super Camps run at **** venues during the school holidays across England Recruiting now The Early Years Leader will manage the under 8s on camp. They will primarily run the activities for the **** year olds in accordance with the EYFS and Ofsted regulations. Duties will include Signing the children in and out. Timetabling activities for the week with the Camp Manager. Creating an inviting Early Years base area. Leading the activities for your group. Maintaining the safety and welfare of your group at all times. Guiding other members of the Early Years team. Carrying out observations and delivering feedback to the parents. Secondary duties like keeping your base area clean and tidy. The Early Years leader will work as part of a wider team, who will al have relevant experience in either sports or arts crafts, and will be supervised by the Camp Manager. It is necessary to have a minimum of a Level 3 in Early Years/Childcare or a Primary Degree specialising in Foundation years or KS1. Previous supervisory roles are ideal. If you have a Level 2 qualification or are currently studying towards a Level 3 or relevant degree then there is an alternative role within the Early Years as an Early Years Play Instructor. Super Camps will carry out clearance checks prior to starting work on camp, this process includes; Application Form Interview Suitable Persons Online Test Training Assessment Day Enhanced CRB Disclosure References Health Declaration The seasons in which we operate include; Part Seasons/Parttime positions available February Half Term (11th  22nd February) Easter (2nd  12th April) May Half Term (28th 31st May) Summer (15th July  30th Aug) October Half Term Christmas