Title: Health and Social Care Assessor  Stansted
Webindex: 72691243
Company: Specialist Recruitment Partners LTD
Description: Health and Social Care Assessor Stansted / M11 Corridor **** for experienced and qualified  Benefits  Travel Expenses. My client is a substantial provider for Health and Social care training and apprenticeships, with many prestigious and high calibre contracts in place with the Skills Funding Agency and the DWP. Due to engaging with new employers and bringing on a substantial increase in learners they are looking for an experienced Health and Social Care Assessor to join their ever growing team in the M11 Corridor. They have created a vibrant and progressive working environment for Health and Social Care Assessors with the ability to work off their own initiative and experience. Health and Social Care Assessor can excel personally within the field, and progress their own career within the organisation. The role will be a home based position working with a manageable caseload, travel will be limited to the immediate area and mileage is covered. Health and Social Care Assessors will need to possess their A1 award or D****/**** or TAQA, and have excellent occupational competency within the field of Health and Social care. Additional Teaching qualifications such as PTLLS, will also be a fantastic addition. Having experience in the delivery and assessing of Apprenticeships is vital as well as a strong background in a Health and Social Care background. The substantial rate of growth that this training provider is experiencing at the moment, especially in the Health and Social Care Assessor field, means this is a great opportunity for the right ambitious candidates to come on board and really have an influence on the success and direction of the organisation. If you feel that you are the right person for these roles, then do not hesitate in sending an up to date CV to Chris Reeves at Specialist Recruitment Partners and applying for the position. creevessrpartners.co.uk.