Title: Newly qualified teachers urgenty required
Webindex: 69006524
Company: Servoca Education Resources
Description: Job Title:Newly Qualified Teacher Positions Job Type:Temporary Start Date:ASAP Industry:Education and Training Location:Portsmouth, England Salary:GBP****  GBP**** per day Are you a Newly Qualified Teacher looking for work starting in September 2011 and would like the opportunity to start your NQT Induction year? We, Servoca, Portsmouth s only specialist supply teaching agency, are offering NQT s the opportunity to work on a long or short term or daily supply basis for local schools. Working with us provides you with great benefits:  Gaining valuable teaching experience  Earning cash whilst looking or even working in your ideal teaching post  Working in different schools letting you see which one would suit you on a fulltime basis  Many posts are for full terms which go towards your NQT Induction year  Great rates of pay  Local schools  Flexibility with when you would like to work  Full booking details and confirmations  Free resources, personal guidance and support  Supportive and experienced consultants  A 24 hour service, 7 days per week EACH TIME YOU WORK A DAYS SUPPLY YOU ARE ACTIVELY ADVERTISING YOURSELF FOR A FULL TIME POST Each time you work a supply day you are actively advertising yourself for a full time post. We help our registered NQT s successfully find posts by simply covering daily supply and getting requested back to schools for showing commitment and enthusiasm. NQT s are loved by the schools in this area and are well supported. Applicants must have Qualified teaching status and possess the following skills: o Enthusiastic and passionate about teaching o Have high expectations of learning and behaviour o Enjoy working with excellent and friendly teams of teachers o Be flexible and forward thinking Servoca Education (Formerly Day to Day Teachers) work very closely with the Local Education Authority and have been placed on Portsmouth s preferred suppliers list. Whatever your requirements are, we would like to help you succeed in finding suitable work, we have excellent relationships with a vast amount of Primary schools in the local area. Our moto is local teachers for local schools We work with all schools in the PO postal code area of Portsmouth and Hampshire. Let us assist you in making the right choice of joining a successful supply teaching agency. We don t find teachers for jobs, we find jobs which suit our teachers Applicants must hold Qualified Teacher Status and be registered with the General Teaching Council. An Enhanced CRB Disclosure check is essential for this role and will be carried out immediately on registration. Contact Billie on **** **** (Apply online only) or simply send your CV Servoca Education are acting as an employment agency