Title: Student Recruitment Assistant
Webindex: 68849361
Company: University of Bedfordshire
Description: Student Recruitment Assistant Ref: NAMA**** Salary: **** Full time, permanent, 37 hours per week Based: Luton (with Travel to other campuses) Reporting to the Head of Student Recruitment, you will be responsible for assisting at events which provide information and advice about courses at the University, taking part in recruitment and marketing activities and acting as an ambassador for the University of Bedfordshire at schools, colleges and other venues including higher education recruitment fairs within the UK as appropriate. You will assist in the provision of an efficient and highquality recruitment service within the University, linking educational establishments and potential students to the opportunities and benefits that are available via Higher Education study at the University of Bedfordshire. As such, this role requires a car user with a clean driving licence who is able to use their vehicle regularly to travel (mileage beyond base is reimbursed). We are looking for a flexible and proactive person who enjoys working with a wide variety of people of all ages and who is interested in supporting potential students to access high quality advice and guidance about relevant opportunities at the University. You would be expected to work some weekends and weekdays throughout the year. This post could suit a recent graduate wishing to gain experience in HE Marketing and recruitment with commitment to further professional development to enhance the reputation of the University. To apply please download an application form by clicking the 'Apply Now' button. Alternatively an application form and further details can be obtained from the Human Resources Department, University of Bedfordshire, Park Square, Luton LU**** 3JU. Please quote reference number and job title. Please note CVs will only be accepted in addition to a fully completed application form. Closing date: Wednesday 30th January 2013 Interview date: Wednesday 13th February 2013 The University is committed to equality of opportunity and values the diversity of all its workforce and student population.