Title: Psychology Graduates  Educational and Clinical Psychologist
Webindex: 69249057
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: Future Educational Psychologists and Clinical Psychologists Psychology Graduates aiming to become Educational or Clinical Psychologists. Are you available immediately and able to commit until July 2013 year? Primary School in North West London. Primary Learning Support Assistant  ASD immediate start  until July 2013 (potentially longer) ****/**** per day Fantastic Special Needs Department Excellent Location Close to Public Transport Links My client school based in North West London are currently looking to recruit a Special Needs Teaching Assistant immediately to work with a young girl boy who has recently been diagnosed with ASD. The school has an Excellent SEN team and is an integral part of the school. The Current SENCO has expressed a keen desire to appoint a recent Psychology graduate who is competent, patient and hardworking looking to gain experience prior to becoming an Educational or Clinical Psychologist. If you are interested in being considered for this position please email your CV to John at Career Teachers johnmccullaghcareerteachers.co.uk as soon as possible. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.