Title: Education and Training Manager
Webindex: 69229454
Company: ATOM Education Limited
Description: ATOM Education. Permanent Education Staffing Solutions and Contract Education Staffing Solutions for A Term Or More. Permanent Education Jobs, Teaching Jobs, Teaching Vacancies and Contract Education Jobs within the field of Education Staffing. Education and Training Manager. A Young Offenders Institute serving Kent and the surrounding areas is looking for an experienced and qualified Education and Training Manager. The successful Education and Training Manager will provide effective local management of the Teaching Staff and will implement the curriculum and timetable so that trainees learn and achieve effectively. You will be responsible for the young people in custody to ensure that the Educational Needs are identified, assessed and appropriate learning and support programmes are delivered. You will support the implementation of robust systems alongside appropriate record keeping across all education and training activities. You will be working with students to them rebuild their lives, in order to provide them with the second chance they deserve. The Successful Education and Training Manager would hold a relevant teaching qualification (FE or QTS) and have experience of the Education and Training needs for Young Offenders. You will have knowledge of the National Adult Core Curriculum and Ofsted. You would also have experience of teaching young people under **** in a mainstream learning environment  and ideally in a secure setting or with disaffected learners. The successful Education and Training Manager will have an excellent track record of accreditation success, inspiring learners and good behaviour management strategies. All appointments are subject to the safeguarding of the welfare of children. Applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Criminal Records Bureau. The Education and Training Manager will monitor contractual targets linked to trainee achievement, lead staff meetings and liase with appropriate prison personnel in providing guidance and support to trainees. Undertake personal and professional development activities to meet individual and department needs. You will assist and support staff, so that knowledge can be shared. Participate in prison procedures, e.g. health and safety, security and behaviour management. ATOM Education provides a referral system and if you know of an Education and Training Manager who would be interested in this role please contact us. For further details please send your CV.