Title: Long Term Primary Teaching Job in Greenwich
Webindex: 71295182
Company: Academics Ltd
Description: Long Term Primary Teaching Job in Greenwich Potential Permanent Job Small Friendly Environment Friendly Settled Staff Well Behaved Children Excellent Policies and Procedures Are you a Key Stage 2 teacher with experience teaching year ****? Would the opportunity of working in a school in the London Borough of Greenwich appeal to you? Do you have the confidence to take a 2 term contract in the knowledge that there is a permanent position available if you make an impression? My client is a small one form entry state primary school in the London Borough of Greenwich that has been praised for the significant progress made in the last 18 months in a recent interim OFSTED report. The class sizes are capped at **** and although the classrooms are not the biggest they are bright, pleasant and very well resourced. The school is situated near to a local park, shops, sports facilities and local amenities and has reasonable parking. It also has plenty of outdoor space and has recently had a nature garden constructed. In terms of staffing, the school is well resourced with support staff and there is a good mix of newer and experienced teachers. This contributes to a good team atmosphere where everyone?s opinions are welcome and all staff are encouraged to contribute their talents to extra curricular activities and other aspects of school life. The Head Teacher is seeking someone who will be committed to their career in education and show a commitment to the school by matching the work ethic of the existing staff. The successful applicant will be proficient using interactive whiteboards, have good general IT skills, be open to contributing to wider school life and be confident with behaviour management. The Head Teacher has indicted that they will not be considering applications from NQT?s but Overseas Trained Teachers with QTS will be considered for the post. For further details please forward your up to date CV