Title: Teacher of BTEC Engineering
Webindex: 69687545
Company: Class People
Description: Secondary Teacher of BTEC Engineering Level 2 Required for Immediate Start in Bristol. We are looking to recruit Secondary Teachers to work in an exciting school in the centre of Bristol where they can conduct Engineering BTEC course to its pupils and be heavily involved in the preparation of course material and direction. This is a truly fantastic opportunity for those seeking a challenge but applicant must be committed to the task in hand and be able to provide the commitment required to the school. In reward the teacher can reap the benefits of working with supportive team, an inspirational head teacher and senior management as well as taking ownership or the course and its progress. There is also an opportunity for a long term permanent post here for September. Plenty of job opportunities here for those looking to boost their CV or jump start their career into leadership and management positions. NQT s can apply. ClassPeople, a leading independent education consultancy, is looking to recruit secondary trained teachers to work within a great secondary school in the Bristol County. We are looking to recruit KS****/**** and 5 teachers for long and short term cover. To be applicable for the post you must: Hold QTS and be available for work in September Be a confident and friendly teacher keen to build positive relationships with schools  Be an inspirational individual looking to make a real contribution to the education of children At Class People we are teachers working for teachers . Many members of our team are qualified and experienced teachers and are on hand to provide advice, guidance and support to all our candidates. We aim to match the right teachers up with the right schools and provide the opportunity to work in a variety of school settings. As a member of the Class People Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated and experienced team  Great rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  Plenty of variety and the opportunity to work at some of the best schools in the county  The opportunity to benefit from our exciting referafried incentive scheme To apply for this position, please forward your CV and a covering letter to Naomi the Senior Consultant at Classpeople Bristol.