Title: Marketing Manager  Leading International Fashion Business
Webindex: 71878495
Company: TURNSTONE SALES
Description: Love Fashion? Want to combine you re love with a marketing role for one of the UK s fastest growing online businesses? If so we have probably the most amazing job registered by a client this year for you So, what is the Opportunity? Our client has already shaken up the online fashion market across Europe, they are now turning their attention to the UK. Working in partnership with the UK s leading independent boutiques, our client brings the consumer the most up to date fashions available. Working with the fashion expertise found in the UK s best boutiques they provide the ecommerce expertise required to provide their clients with a market leading online platform to reach the consumer twentyfour/seven. So Where Do You Come In? Based in London, you will be responsible for the development execution of profitable digital and offline marketing campaigns to maximise traffic and sales revenue for the site. You will also be responsible for increasing the Lifetime Value of our customers, as well as liaising with the Sales Director to create execute any B2B marketing requirements. There is lots of progression so depending on your experience you will also manage one direct report, whose primary focus is on content generation, social media and engagement. In addition, you will liaise with all functions across the UK business, as well as collaborate with the Marketing Managers in our other countries (Denmark, Norway, Sweden, USA, Holland and Ireland) and with the Group Digital Marketing team (based in Denmark). Responsibilities include: Develop and implement online marketing strategies with focus on high growth in traffic revenue and ROI in marketing costs. Manage key marketing channels including: affiliate marketing, email marketing, cooperative marketing, advertising, PR, social media B2B marketing. Liaison with Central Digital Marketing Team for development of SEO PPC campaigns. Liaison with other external agencies for management and reporting on relevant campaigns. Reporting, analysis and ongoing optimisation of all marketing channels. Research, identify and implement new traffic generating and customer acquisition opportunities. Ongoing planning and implementation of customer acquisition activities. Management development of the Marketing Assistant. Interested? Our client is very keen to speak to you if you tick the following boxes: Degree, or equivalent, with a minimum of **** year s experience in marketing. Demonstrated ability to create campaigns that generate customer acquisition, conversion and retention, and increase sales revenue. Experience with website analytics tools (Google Analytics). Strong data analysis skills and knowledge of Microsoft Excel. Results driven  focus on revenue and traffic growth. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Highly creative, energetic and selfmotivated with entrepreneurial spirit. Demonstrated ability to handle multiple tasks, to prioritize those tasks and meet deadlines. You must be structured and at the same time be able to work at a fast pace. This is an exceptional Opportunity that will undoubtedly generate huge interest, so don t wait, APPLY NOW.