Title: Primary Supply Teacher Assistant
Webindex: 71291008
Company: Aspire People
Description: Are you looking for an exciting opportunity in teaching? Are you a qualified teacher assistant? Aspire People are urgently seeking TA'S to work within our Primary Schools in the Sandwell area. If you are looking for local work and are available either on a day to day basis between **** to 5 days a week, or for long term positions, then we are eager to speak to you. We are looking to hold interviews in Sandwell during the June halfterm or Saturday 9th June. Please call to book you appointment. Skills and experience required:  You must have NVQ ****  You must have worked in KS ****/****  An enthusiastic, wellmotivated and talented classroom practitioner  An ability to inspire children, staff and parents alike  Excellent knowledge of the National Curriculum  A friendly caring nature  The capacity to identify and target specific, individual needs  Keen to learn and develop professionally  Can create an environment that nurtures and stimulates positive attitudes, independence and an innovative approach to facilitating learning and teaching Some of our primary schools require teachers to have excellent behavioural strategies and a strong, directive presence within the classroom environment. In return Aspire People can offer:  competitive rates of pay  teacher training  a dedicated consultant All candidates are subject to List **** checks, must provide a recent Criminal records Bureau check and also be able to provide two references from each of their last two teaching posts. Aspire People are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from Newly qualified teachers, teaching assistants and fully qualified teachers. As long as you have a real passion for teaching and for inspiring the youth of today, you can communicate well with your consultant and go that extra mile for all of our clients we could have the ideal solution for you Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Criminal Records Bureau.