Title: Wirral Supply Teaching Agency
Webindex: 71449090
Company: HAYS
Description: Wirral Supply Teaching Agency PUT YOUR TEACHING INTO PRACTICE NEWLY QUALIFIED TEACHERS  SUPPLY TEACHING JOBS IN WIRRAL We can give you the chance to use what you have learnt and show local schools what you have to offer. We currently have schools in the Wirral area who want regular and long term supply teachers to make a positive impact in their schools. We can offer supply teaching jobs ranging from day to day roles through to regular cover and even long term and permanent teaching jobs. Whether you have not yet found a job for the new academic year or want to experience a variety of schools, supply teacher jobs are a great way for NQT's and experienced teachers to develop their teaching skills and impact on education standards locally. Historically, supply work in Wirral is an excellent method of gaining a longterm or permanent positions in our schools, because they get to see your skills and expertise in action. We will ensure you get the most out of your time as a supply teacher. With posts yet to fill for September starts now is an excellent time to be registering with us to get exposure to as many schools on supply as possible. We are accepting applications from Early Years, Key Stage **** and Key Stage **** NQT's. In order to apply for these roles, you must have either already obtained QTS status or be on the way to completing your final teaching practice placement as we will need a student reference and two placement references to be able to work with you. In return we can offer competitive rates of pay and work across a vast number of schools in the Wirral area. We can also help with CV writing and interview tips should we get interviews for you  to try and boost your potential of obtaining a new teaching job. Not only will you receive all the support you needs from a recruitment expert, while working for Hays you'll also enjoy a range of employee benefits, including: **** reward every time you recommend a colleague Access to free Professional Development Training Option to join our Guarantee Teacher Scheme Holiday Pay Terms and conditions apply Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk