Title: Experienced Maths/ICT Teacher
Webindex: 69197750
Company: ITN Mark Education West London
Description: Our client is an excellent day school in North London. They deliver a holistic and comprehensive service to young people aged 718 years old with special educational needs, which will enable them to develop their full potential. The individual and special educational needs of the children and young people are at the heart of the service they provide, which underpin the school ensure that they successfully deliver a comprehensive programme of education and development. The schools needs are mainly aspergers, high functions autism and some speed & language difficulties. Our client is currently seeking a maths/ICT teacher to join their staff. You will be teaching between ****S**** and KS**** pupils from the mainstream curriculum. The successful candidate will be familiar with the secondary models of education but most importantly they will have a full appreciation and understanding of the unique and often demanding nature of an ASD school. Previous experience is therefore essential to any applicant wishing to put themselves forward for this role. The successful candidate will be expected to plan and deliver appropriate and engaging lessons throughout the year and deliver continuous and baseline assessments to monitor progress. As well the classroom aspect of the role, the successful candidate will be expected to play an important role in the interpersonal and social development of students. This is an outstanding opportunity for someone with the requisite determination and drive to bring their skills to the fore within a supportive and dynamic SEN provision. Requirements to work for ITN Mark Education are: Hold a current UK CRB (or be willing to apply for one) Have a valid UK work visa/permit Have two childbased references/care references Have an overseas police check (from country of origin or if lived outside UK for over 6 months) To apply, send your CV together with a covering letter explaining why you are the ideal candidate for this position to [contact details removed] ITN Mark Education has a strong child protection policy and ethos. As such, all appointments will be made subject to qualifications, enhanced CRB and reference checks.ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.