Title: Supply Teaching in EALING
Webindex: 71683679
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: Right now we are in urgent need to add to our pool of supply staff for the EALING area. Supply teachers and support staff are a vital part of schools running effectively as well as a great way for Headteachers to meet potential longterm or permanent members of staff. Supply Teaching with Career Teachers can offer excellent benefits: Gain experience in different schools Support with Continuing Professional Development with free training courses Interview this could be as early as 7am. You can be booked for day to day cover or long term In most cases you are provided with lessons plans and guidance You will be paid a competitive daily rate Important note In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients. If you have the right qualifications and experience, then please send your CV to christinamcloughlincareerteachers.co.uk Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.