Title: Head of Enrolment Management
Webindex: 70074992
Company: COVENTRY UNIVERSITY
Description: Enrol in a world of opportunity As one of the UK’s leading international student recruiters, Coventry University has nearly **** international students from over 130 countries. The International Office Team includes a dedicated Enrolment Team who will manage the student journey from enquiry to enrolment. This is a critical role leading the Enrolment Management Team within the sales support division of the International Sales Team. The post holder will be responsible for managing any operation both within the UK and overseas to engage with enquirers and applicants along their customer journey to encourage enrolment at Coventry University Campus or Coventry University London Campus. The Enrolment Management Team is responsible for all activity related to the conversion of leads and prospects with an expectation that there will be additional and ongoing Campus launches. The Recruitment and Enrolment team at Coventry University aims to be “best in sector” and, as such, an important part of the role is developing and introducing innovations so that leads and prospects are continually managed better and more efficiently. Success in this area will be measured by observation of ongoing year by year improvements in conversion rates and accuracy of admissions documentation. The Enrolment Management Team is the customer facing operation of the Admissions and enrolment service and the key requirement is to convert enquiries to applications and applications to enrolled students. In return for working for Coventry University you will have access to a comprehensive personal and career development package alongside a generous holiday allowance and final salary pension scheme. To find out more about the exciting developments happening at Coventry University, the positions available or to apply please visit www.coventry.ac.uk/vacancies. Alternatively, you can call the Human Resources Department on **** **** **** or email futures.hrcoventry.ac.uk