Title: English Teacher (EFL) for Saudi Arabia
Webindex: 69641851
Company: Job2teach Ltd
Description: Job****teach has another great opportunity for those who are interested in working abroad. We are acting as agents for a major firm of contractors in Saudi Arabia who regularly supply skilled personnel, including EFL teachers, to the Saudi petrochemical industry. They are now again recruiting EFL teachers to start in summer 201**** on oneyear renewable contracts. You would be teaching English to operational middle managers and newly recruited workers in the Saudi petrochemical industry. An attractive taxfree salary is on offer. It starts at 3K per month and a topend candidate will earn more than twice that. In addition the package includes 36 days paid vacation (plus travel time allowance), 3 tickets to the UK every 4 months, medical and End of Service Benefits, plus employment visa costs. In order to apply, you need to meet the following criteria: BA (or Master?s) degree ? preferably in a relevant subject area A recognised EFL teaching certificate at CELTA/DELTA standard Minimum of 4 years fulltime teaching English You should speak English at native or nearnative level Computer literacy is also desirable Please note that for visa reasons, candidates should be British, Irish or US citizens aged not more than **** If you are interested in these positions, or know someone who is, please let us know immediately with an uptodate CV sent to [contact details removed] and put Saudi English Roles in the subject line. Interviews will be held in London in the first week of February. Please remember, you MUST meet the stated criteria and you MUST be available to interview in person in London in the first week of February. (If you are interested in applying for the maths, science or ICT teaching posts, please ensure you have a similar level of qualification and experience, and then send your CV through to the same address, indicating Job Ref Saudi in the subject line). We look forward to hearing from you Send your CV now to [contact details removed]