Title: Secondary Trained Teachers Required in Richmond
Webindex: 56367362
Company: Synarbor Education
Description:  SECONDARY TRAINED TEACHERS REQUIRED FOR SUPPLY WORK IN RICHMOND Synarbor Education are currently looking for excellent Secondary trained teachers in various subjects who are looking for day to day supply as well as long term positions. You must be local to the area and be available for day to day supply work. You will need to be a fully qualified teacher who has experience teaching in UK schools. You will need to have excellent behaviour management skills and be able to set the ground rules in any school. You will have excellent curriculum knowledge in your chosen subject. This is a great opportunity and we will only select the best teachers, we are looking for bubbly, enthusiastic teachers with a passion for teaching. We offer competitive rates of pay and a fantastic support structure which includes professional development seminars. To apply candidates must have QTS and you will need to be qualified with a PGCE, Bachelor of Education, or equivalent if you are an overseas trained teacher. The right candidates will need to have experience of at least 6 months in the UK. Synarbor Education are recruiting for an immediate start. So to avoid disappointment apply today by sending your C.V to  or call  **** As part of the UK`s leading education supplier, Synarbor Education is the obvious choice for teachers looking for the right role in the right school. Our career managers work hard and efficiently to give you the opportunity to move your teaching career in the right direction. We are looking for first rate teachers and in return we offer great rates of pay and a friendly, professional service We have strong relationships with all major schools in the area so if you have the talent to teach and are equipped with the requisite qualifications, apply today and we`ll find the right role for you. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. qts pgce richmond english maths science pe