Title: Primary School Teaching Assistant, Wokingham
Webindex: 70255207
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: Primary School Teaching Assistant, Wokingham **** **** per day An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced Teaching Assistant to join a successful team at a lovely Primary School in Wokingham. You must have experience in education, outstanding classroom management and have excellent communication skills to be considered for this role. This is a popular Primary School which has a positive approach to Primary education. This school offers a wide range of extracurricular activities allowing pupils to develop as wellrounded individuals. You will have a sound understanding of the National Curriculum and be able to support pupils with different needs. You will be working with small groups and on a onetoone basis with pupils who need extra support. This is a popular school with a strong management team. The school sets its teaching staff high targets to in order to be able to achieve the very best for the pupils. This is a great opportunity to join this School and become part of its exceptional team initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a Long Term opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet out total commitment to our schools and the children they support To become part of the Capita daily supply team at this wonderful Primary School you will be:  Have outstanding classroom management  Have an approachable nature  Flexible to suit the schools needs  Have a passion for education  You will need excellent communication skills At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:  A dedicated Primary Consultant  The support of the other members of the teaching team  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay and ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  Wonderful facilities at school level This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrimarySchoolTeachingAssistantWokingham_job****