Title: PhD Neural Engineering (ERD/ERS in motorimagery)
Webindex: 72539629
Company: University of Warwick
Description: Fully Funded (Home/EU fees and stipend) studentship to work at the Neural Engineering Lab, IDH, WMG Brainstem stroke, brain or spinal cord injury and numerous other muscle wasting diseases result in the degeneration of motor neurons, which causes muscles to stop receiving movement commands. People suffering from these disorders will ultimately lose the ability to control their muscles and to communicate whilst their ability to think, their intelligence and memory remain intact. We aim to realise a unique, noninvasive and simple to use BrainComputer Interfacing (BCI) system that is able to offer these patients the partial restoration of communication and control capabilities to significantly enhance their quality of life. The electroencephalogram (EEG) is a recording of the brain s activity as measured from scalp electrodes; through analysis of the EEG we can understand brain function and dysfunction. BCI systems are in constant development through new algorithms that interpret EEG and interface with the users surroundings. Whilst research is being undertaken worldwide in the development of better performing algorithms, at the Neural Engineering (NE) lab of the IDH we are interested in the development of a realworld fewchannel system that can be deployed outside of a laboratory setting. This PhD studentship seeks a strongly motivated, well qualified student to work on the development of novel algorithms for this system. i) ERD/ERS in motorimagery: Event related synchronisation (ERS) and desynchronisation (ERD) of brain activity naturally occurs over the motor cortex in socalled motorimagery (MI) based BCI. This studentship will fund research that investigates the use ERD/ERS for the realtime analysis of MI based BCI. Sophisticated feature extraction and classification algorithms will be developed along with the realtime implementation and testing. This studentship is suited to strong engineering/ bioengineering/ physics or mathematics (or other physical sciences) graduate with at least a **** or equivalent. Applicants with a suitable MSc are greatly encouraged to apply. Applicants should have strong Mathematical skills and any skills in Digital Signal Processing will be a strong bonus. Applicants should have a strong desire to work in area of biomedical engineering/ neural engineering and whilst some experience in the field will be an asset it is not a requirement. Further information can be obtained through contacting Prof Christopher James at: C.Jameswarwick.ac.uk Awards available : **** awards available Funding Details : Fees and maintenance paid at the RCUK level Length of Award: 3 years (PhD) Eligibility: Available to Home (UK EU) students Application Details : Please contact J.Kirkwoodwarwick.ac.uk before submitting a formal application. Apply directly through PG Admissions, making a note of the reference number. Deadline: **** th February 2013