Title: nursery manager, sparkhill birmingham ( jobs, vacancies, teaching, careers, looking for work)
Webindex: 71470826
Company: Al Madina Nursery
Description: Position: Nursery Manager Birmingham Hours: full time Pay: **** to **** Contact Yassar alhaq [blocked telephone] or Mariam Khalil on [blocked telephone] Organisation Description Our setting is a passionate and divine Nursery that has been providing childcare since January 2012. We provide and follow the early years foundation stage, implementing it to the best of standards. We ensure that our children are getting the best start for the future. We ensure all records of development and learning are fully and accurately maintained by the appropriate staff. Our nursery caters for children of the ages **** Job Description: Ideal applicants will be highly experienced, with a proven track record of excellent management skills and leadership and the ability to provide professional leadership whilst delivering the highest standards of care and education. Successful applicants will also be able to demonstrate an outstanding working knowledge of the standards required by Ofsted as well as being able to role model best practice. Key Responsibilities: Childcare and Education:  Promote high standards of quality within the nursery in respect of the environment, resources and experiences offered to children.  Provide professional and relevant feedback to parents/carers about their child.  Ensure all records of development and learning are fully and accurately maintained by the appropriate staff.  Ensure that planning meetings take place regularly.  Provide leadership and support to all staff members to enable them to establish and maintain positive working relationships.  Ensure that practice and provision in the nursery meets the requirements of the Early Years Foundation Stage.  Ensure the effective implementation of the nursery keyworkers procedures and allocate children to keyworkers appropriately.  Ensure that children are kept safe and that staff understand and, when necessary, follow Safeguarding Procedures.  Support the development of good practice with regards to special needs and inclusion.  Implement and support others in delivering the EYFS in line with current practice and guidelines.  Develop and maintain highly professional working relationships with relevant Local Authority Departments, regulatory bodies and other agencies and create a multidisciplinary setting.  Create and maintain a culture of selfevaluation and reflective practice throughout the nursery. Person Specification The successful candidate will have Degree in childcare to ensure high academic standards, Preferably EYFS accredited Be very familiar with the EYFS Considerable amount of experience as a Nursery Manager Skills to manage, communicate and motivate the team Able to prioritise work, and delegate Financial skills to manage and maintain children's accounts Demonstrable PC skills using emails, Word, Excel, etc. Contact Yassar alhaq on [blocked telephone] or Mariam Khalil on [blocked telephone]