Title: Primary Teacher required Part Time
Webindex: 72539792
Company: TeacherActive
Description: KS**** needed 3 days a week in Ratby Area Qualified Year **** teacher is needed to work in a large primary school based in the Leicester Area. This is a challenging but rewarding role. You will initially be required on a day to day basis as a trail and if successful will be needed until the end of the academic year. This is a great opportunity for someone with the drive to succeed and an ability to adapt and fit in with the school. This is a vibrant and exciting school, looking for the right person who will fit in with the existing staff and become one of the team. Experience of helping children through their year 2 SAT s is essential as that will play an integral part of your position. There is fantastic support available from the experienced and well trained teachers and support staff within the school. This is an extremely rewarding position for the right candidate. Ideally you will be/have: Full qualifications and references A can do approach to teaching. Ability to build good relationships and rapport with both staff and pupils. Drive and determination to succeed The ability to deliver creative lessons in line with the curriculum. An enthusiastic attitude. Own transport is a bonus To apply for this position directly, send your CV to or call (Apply online only) All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service  and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services