Title: Application Support Officer
Webindex: 69676061
Company: LONDON BOROUGH OF HACKNEY
Description: Learn and develop within a dynamic environment At Hackney, we go that extra mile for our people. Our pledge to the accredited Skills Charter means that if you work for us we will develop and equip you with the right skills to progress in our organisation. We offer a wide selection of worklife benefits including final salary pension, financial support for professional qualifications, 27 days annual leave ( 5 days after 5 years), flexi leave and flexible working hours. The Council continues to develop and evolve, leading to many opportunities for the development and enhancement of its systems and processes. Come and join our eBusiness team and contribute to the Council s improved performance and increased productivity and efficiency. The Role The Council works in an ITIL environment, and we are looking for ASOs with various levels of experience. This is an excellent opportunity for trainees and for those with more experience to learn and develop within a fastpaced, dynamic environment providing exposure to a range of IT systems and technologies. The Requirements Hackney Council has a highly integrated systems environment which calls for lateral thinking and good technical problemsolving and diagnostic skills. The role has career progression grades, dependent upon experience (see job description). At the Trainee level you will have some experience of application support and with more experience you will be able to provide advice and support to colleagues. With extensive experience, you will require little supervision and be confident and competent in all areas of the job. Responsibilities The Council is dependent on the delivery and support of high quality corporate and business specific systems and applications. To help ensure this high standard, you will provide systems administrator expertise, support and training to specific corporate business applications (e.g. OpenText eDocs (CDM), Microsoft Dynamics CRM, OpenText RedDot) and directorate business applications (e.g. Iken, Strand, Elf, Propman, modern.gov, Kofax, Capita One, Civica APP, Comino, Carefirst, SiDem, Universal Housing, M3 Planning, M3 Public Protection). You will maintain existing client business applications and various web based applications, as well as working on the implementation and upgrade of systems. Using the corporate incident management system, you will resolve problems and incidents reported by users and where necessary liaise with third parties vendors or internal application support teams to resolve faults and minimise downtime. Please submit a CV, and a Supporting Statement if you wish, showing how your skills, knowledge and experience meet the person specification of the post.