Title: School ICT Technician  Central London
Webindex: 68027696
Company: Capita Education
Description: If you have experience working as a technician, are currently looking for work in London and enjoy flexible working hours, then this could be the ideal opportunity for you Capita Education Resourcing are winning more business and have established excellent relationships with schools all over London. We are currently looking to deploy exceptional IT technicians in several secondary schools located in the North London area on a short term placement basis. Successful IT Technicians will have previous experience in schools and may be expected to coordinate with other departments. In order to be offered a post, the applicant must have a cleared enhanced CRB check. Responsibilities include: Supporting pupils learning on technical applications Assisting with the management of systems Checking hardware is wellmaintained and in good working order Installing software and upgrades to ensure systems are up to date Providing general assistance over the phone and via email Supporting the specialist repair team Maintaining records of equipment and systems Successful candidate requirements: A cleared CRB check Previous experience working as a technician Assisted in the maintenance of school's networks and systems Capita Education Resourcing offers: Regular opportunities to work in a variety of schools Competitive salary/pay Ongoing training/CPD Support from a dedicated consultant Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We guarantee to increase your takehome pay compared to PA YE by offsetting legitimate business expenses against your income. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone.