Title: Outstanding Teaching Assistant for ASD School
Webindex: 69211004
Company: ITN Mark Education West London
Description: Our client is an excellent ASDspecialist school in North London. They deliver a holistic and comprehensive service to young people aged ****  **** with special educational needs, which will enable them to develop their full potential. The individual and special educational needs of the children and young people are at the heart of the service they provide and the bespoke ASD teaching principles which underpin the school ensure that they successfully deliver a comprehensive programme of education and development. Our client is currently seeking a teaching assistant to work as part of a team. The successful candidate will be professional, exceptionally patient, have lots of empathy and have the physical presence to recognise triggers and deal with them accordingly. Previous experience is therefore a definite advantage to any applicant wishing to put themselves forward for this role. This is an outstanding opportunity for someone with the requisite determination and drive to bring their skills to the fore within a supportive and dynamic SEN provision. Requirements to work for ITN Mark Education are: Hold a current UK CRB (or be willing to apply for one) Have a valid UK work visa/permit Have two childbased references/care references Have an overseas police check (from country of origin or if lived outside UK for over 6 months) By working for ITN Mark Education as a Special Needs Support Assistant, you will: Get individual attention from your own friendly consultant Earn highly competitive rates of pay Be able to attend FREE professional development courses Work for a well established company on the London preferred supply list Work in some of the most highly respected schools in London Meet great people at our social events To apply, send your CV together with a covering letter explaining why you are the ideal candidate for this position to [contact details removed] ITN Mark Education has a strong child protection policy and ethos. As such, all appointments will be made subject to qualifications, enhanced CRB and reference checks.ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.