Title: Inhouse/Internal Recruiter, London  entrepreneurial, fast growing business
Webindex: 70679379
Company: FRESHMINDS
Description: Internal Recruiter, London A rare and exciting opportunity for a junior recruiter to move inhouse and join a vibrant, entrepreneurial business as their internal recruiter. This role is all about getting amazing people into FreshMinds as soon as we need them, or often even before we do You ll sit within the HR team and get exposure to all of the MD s and Senior Managers across the Group. Desired Skills Experience You must have a minimum of one year s recruitment experience working in either an agency or fast paced inhouse role. Experience of managing the complete recruitment lifecycle; talent attraction, search, screening, assessment and offer negotiations. Adept at building relationships with highcalibre individuals at all levels and be a persuasive and empathetic speaker. Effective workload management  at times you ll be juggling a high volume of different roles so prioritisation and organisation skills are essential. Proven stakeholder and/or client management experience you ll quickly be able to build rapport and trust with key hiring managers and manage expectations throughout the recruitment process. Excellent verbal and written communication skills go without saying. As a brand ambassador for FreshMinds you ll be confident and outgoing, with an excellent phone manner and professional, enthusiastic approach. An impressive academic record a minimum of a **** University degree will be required. Person Specification In terms of character, sometimes it ll be a case of coping with a fair bit of pressure to deliver quickly and other times, you ll need to selfstart and be proactive with your networking and sourcing skills. The following traits will also be important for you to be happy and successful in this role: Astute judge of character An enthusiastic, flexible, and collaborative attitude and approach Natural networker Persistent, target hitter A strong work ethic and a passion for delivering work at a consistently high standard Solution not problemfocused Optimistic and innovative under pressure A commitment to continuous professional development and improvement In this role you will be given significant autonomy, so you must be extremely motivated, diligent, wellorganised and be able to keep tight deadlines whilst juggling the conflicting demands that come with the variety of roles. This is an ideal opportunity for a highachiever to thrive in an entrepreneurial, small team environment. To find out more about the FreshMinds Group visit www.freshminds.co.uk