Title: Trainee Recruitment Consultant – Education Sector
Webindex: 69869309
Company: Athona Recruitment
Description: Talented people stand out from the crowd Do you? Athona Ltd is a leading Recruitment Agency specialising in recruiting hospital doctors, allied health professionals and education personnel into the UK public and private sector. We are actively looking for an exceptional trainee recruitment consultant to join our sales team as part of a major growth plan for 2012. We pride ourselves on maintaining high standards of recruitment practice and are an REC accredited organisation as well as achieving 100% Quality Mark status. The Quality Mark award demonstrates that Athona has met a national standard by operating a robust recruitment, selection and vetting process when engaging teachers in line with Dfes guidance and current legislative requirements. The Role: The successful candidate will be joining our specialist education recruitment team as a trainee recruitment consultant. This well established team are dedicated to recruiting teachers into education establishments in and around Essex. &nbsp As a trainee, you will benefit from an indepth internal training programme to work towards becoming a fully proficient Recruitment Consultant. &nbsp This position would suit someone with a background in sales looking for the next step in their career. If you have drive, want to earn high commission, have excellent interpersonal skills and a proven track record in sales or customer services, we want to hear from you. &nbsp Key Responsibilities: Develop new client relationships through client visits and cold calling. Achieve monthly sales targets and daily KPI&rsquos. Work as part of a team to achieve team targets. Source candidates by posting job adverts and call applicants for registration interviews. &nbsp The Ideal Candidate: We are looking for an experienced professional from a background of sales who can demonstrate a successful proven track record within a target driven environment. &nbsp The ideal candidate: Must have sales experience (strong customer service experience will also be considered) Must have a proven track record in working to and achieving targets. Must be articulate with strong interpersonal skills, excellent written and spoken English. Positive attitude and proactive approach to work. &nbsp The package: Excellent base salary. Industry leading commission structure. Professional Internal and external training courses. Regular company events. Monthly/Quarterly sales incentives. Increasing holiday scheme. Significant career progression opportunities. Childcare voucher scheme. APPLY NOW &nbsp