Title: Lead Practitioner for Nursery  London
Webindex: 71747832
Company: EDUSTAFF
Description: EYFS Lead Practitioner for Nursery Are you a fully qualified teacher with a specialism in the Early Years Foundation Stage? Could you be responsible for the successful running of a school nursery? Have you been consistently graded as good or outstanding in observations? Inner London Borough of Barking Dagenham Lead Teacher in the Nursery MPS/ UPS  Good School Ofsted 2011 Excellent transport links from Central London Supportive Leadership Team My client primary school in the Inner London Borough of Barking Dagenham is looking for an enthusiastic, highly motivated, proactive and committed practitioner to join the Leadership Team. It will be part of your role to help them embed high quality teaching and learning within the school. This will be a full time Nursery based post and the successful applicant must have: Thorough understanding of the EYFS in both the indoor and outdoor classroom. The ability to motivate, support and lead a team. To be able to provide long/medium and short term planning that meets the needs of the children through observations, monitoring and assessment. Good communication, time management and organisation skills. A commitment to makings sessions exciting and creative to stimulate and extend children s learning and development. The expertise to share outstanding teaching skills with the Nursery team through modelling, supporting and sharing highly effective teaching strategies. A commitment to promote equal opportunities for all. This is a well resourced primary school with an attractive outdoor environment, serving a diverse and welcoming community. It is a high performing school and require staff who are committed to joining them and providing high quality education for their pupils and moving their learning forward. At this school, they recognise and develop children's personal strengths and talents. The children are well behaved, enthusiastic learners and staff are welcoming, hard working and supportive. You will be offered a caring and friendly environment; embodying a supportive and collaborative approach to teaching and learning. The ideal candidate will be someone who is able to lead and raise standards within a curriculum area. You must be an inspiring and motivated teacher with leadership potential. To apply for this Lead Nursery Teacher role, please send your full CV to Alison at Edustaff as soon as you can.