Title: Education Administrative Support Worker
Webindex: 66892872
Company: R21 Media
Description: Education & Administrative Support Worker Salary Range ****  **** pro rata per annum 31 hours per week x 38 weeks per annum The role of the Education & Administrative Support Worker is to provide an education and administrative support service to learners and staff of the Essential Skills School. There are **** vacancies, 1 based at our Kettering campus and the other based at Corby, please state your prefered location on your application. You will further the education and learning process of our client group and aid the development of the curriculum offer, appropriately recording learner progression and development. You will be working with learners who have learning difficulties from Mild, through Moderate to Severe and Profound, and Multiple learning difficulties. About the College Tresham is a highly successful Further Education College in Northamptonshire with an ambitious vision to diversify and seize potential opportunities within the wider education sector. With their brand new campus in Corby which opened in September 2011, along with their key sites in Kettering, Wellingborough and Silverstone, the future looks bright. Overview of the post: The successful candidates will have a good, all round level of education to include Maths and English to GCSE (Grade AC) or equivalent level. You will have experience of working with young people with a range of learning difficulties and/or disabilities. Experience in supporting people with their Personal Hygiene needs is desirable. With excellent customer care and communication skills, you will have basic IT skills and experience of Windows based applications. You should be a flexible, reliable and collaborative team player, capable of working on your own initiative. Self motivated with the ability to work independently, you must be capable of manging your own time and setting priorities. Further details can be found in the job description An Enhanced CRB disclosure will be required and applicants must divulge any previous criminal records. Closing date for applications: **** noon Wednesday 23rd January 2013. Interviews will be held week beginning 4th February 2013. Reference: **** To obtain an application form and further details please visit our website (url removed), email or contact the HR Department on (Apply online only) (24 hour recruitment line) NO AGENCIES