Title: SCIENCE TEACHER JOB
Webindex: 65751076
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description:  Grade **** Ofsted mixed comprehensive  Fantastic science department led by inspirational Head of Faculty  2 term vacancy cover, clear temp  perm opportunities  Scope to support NQTs  Option to teach all three Key Stages  Great rates of pay  Will suit any science specialism This fantastic secondary school based in just outside North London (2o mins From Kings Cross) are looking for an inspirational and committed Science specialist to join a flourishing department in January. Due to a member of staff relocating they have an imminent need to appoint a suitably qualified teacher that can continue the already superb work in the faculty. The School has scope in the timetable to accommodate a science specialist in any of the three specialisms as there will be the appropriate subject at Key Stage **** in the teaching cohort. The school has an outstanding reputation in the borough and is continually oversubscribed for September. Behaviour management is not a huge component of this job, however the school desire a practitioner that has an appreciation of how to control adverse behaviour on the occasion it may arise. The primary function of this position is to continue to strive to push the students academically and facilitate the best possible academic success at Key Stage **** **** and **** (KS5 Optional). Good planning, an ability to differentiate and develop interactive and inclusive lessons is a requirement. The department has brand new laboratories and has 5 teachers that have varying experience, one NQT who can verify that the levels of support and teamwork are fantastic and conducive to successful completion of the induction year. The School have also confirmed that they have capacity to take on another NQT and can offer the induction program. The mentor, one of the Senior Leaders, is very approachable and has been at the school for seven years. This position is initially for two terms, however the successful teacher will be offered a permanent contract at the end of the summer term following a successful cover between January and July. They will be looking to interview over the coming two weeks, if you are interested then please email a copy of your CV to brettcareerteachers.co.uk As with all education appointments you will need to have an up to date CRB and two references and a recognised teaching qualification. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main pay scale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.