Title: Project Manager  VOD
Webindex: 71877758
Company: BETTY RECRUITMENT
Description: Our client, a well known broadcaster, is looking for an experienced Project Manager to join their team to build a subscription based VOD website to support their channels. The project manager will oversee the integration of paywall, apps etc and must have experience of development builds. The successful candidate will be highly analytical; work in a global cross functional team environment and be an expert at project management. Must be a selfstarter, highly organized, be driven to create quality product, and have a keen attention to detail. RESPONSIBILITIES Lead product development for project from start to finish. Manage scope, work with vendors to deliver on milestones, and ensure all teams have the information needed to make informed decisions Lead product development including, social media integration, new feature development and API/RSS extensions Develop request for proposals, project plans, product specifications, technical documentation Manage and direct third party vendors and developers to successful product completion Route deliverables to internal and external stakeholders Serve as key point of contact for product development, ensuring all stakeholders are kept informed and up to date Manage budgets, insure vendor payment and identify financial efficiencies CMS entry and editing Manage the global deployment process Oversee QA and ensure quality product is produced Monitor the marketplace and content trends, analyze and provide recommendations to inform product strategy. Skills Excellent customer service skills Solid understanding of website building technology and infrastructure, Proven ability to multitask and manage multiple complex initiatives simultaneously Strong written and verbal communication skills including the ability to communicate technical issues and report project status to a diverse nontechnical audience Working knowledge with web design for usability principles and best practices Ability to perform simple edits to XML and HTML code and create basic web pages. Keen interest in digital pop culture and emerging technologies. (Web 2.0, Mobile Products, Social Media, and Entertainment Sites.) Experience integrating web analytics into product An enthusiastic user of new technologies Self starter who is able to work independently and communicate back to the team. Managing up is a must. Must be interested in TV Must be a team player and cover different areas of responsibility as necessary in order to reach goals Technical knowledge involving project development tools such as Drupal, JIRA, CSS Brightcove. Must have a keen attention to detail and drive to create a quality product Ability to troubleshoot and keep a project on track a must Must be detail oriented, quality driven, straightforward, self motivated and proactive. Required Experience Experience Guidelines 4 years of college level education or equivalent work experience required, At minimum 3 years of experience leading interactive, webbased development projects Experience managing internal and external clients Excellent customer service skills Experience managing remote teams Experience in Drupal ****x or managing content using a similar CMS Experience in the television industry a bonus