Title: Maths Teacher  Newly Qualified
Webindex: 69007273
Company: Edustaff  Ltd
Description: Newly Qualified Maths Teacher Nuneaton Secondary School Are you due to qualify as a Newly Qualified Maths teacher this summer from a PGCE or Schools Direct programme? Are you a high achieving graduate with a strong academic record from university and school? Are you looking for your first permanent position as a newly qualified teacher, based within a secondary school Maths department in Warwickshire? Are you keen to put all you have learnt as a Maths NQT in to practice? Newly Qualified Maths Teacher Maths  Key Stage ****, **** Outstanding My client s school is a large secondary school that has been built on traditional values combined with modern and innovative teaching methods. They are currently looking to take on a Newly Qualified Maths teacher to join the department from September 2013, on a full time, permanent basis. This well equipped school also boasts significant grounds where pupils are encouraged to participate in a wide range of sports and extra curricular activities. The Mathematics department of my client school has achieved great success in recent years at both GCSE and A Level. The challenge of Mathematics remains fairly static, as ever the school takes great pride in fostering pupils enjoyment and enthusiasm for this subject. The department consists of four large teaching rooms with access to the school s ITC and technology suites. As with the majority of schools the ability of pupils and their desire to study Mathematics do vary greatly, however the school pride themselves on achieving the very best results for every pupil. This subject is certainly challenging for many but they try very hard to ensure that it is enjoyable for all. The successful NQT Maths candidate will join the head of department and **** further teaching staff. Given the expertise and breadth of experience within the Maths department you will be well supported in terms of both how you manage a classroom and the way you deliver your lessons. Over time you will be expected to teach up to ALevel standard within the school but the bulk of your work will be at Key Stag 3 re soon to qualify as an NQT and are looking for your first permanent position in September then please send your CV to Patrick at Edustaff today