Title: Publishing Assistant
Webindex: 71883217
Company: PFJ
Description: Publishing Assistant The Client My client is a whollyowned subsidiary of a leading financial publishers. They focus on the wholesale telecommunications market and are the leading source of information for the industry. They publish a monthly magazine, global directories, global events and a leading online resource for the industry. They are looking for a Publishing Assistant to work on the research and compilation of their porfolio of global and regional directories. Publishing Assistant The Role The main purpose of the role is to assist the Content & Production Manager with the research and compilation of the magazines's portfolio of global and regional wholesale telecommunications directories. Key duties include: Identifying the companies to be included through market research. Chasing the required information for each listing. Assisting with the correct and accurate layout of the publication. Acting as key point of contact for advertisers and sponsors. Acquiring advertisement and advertorial copy, graphics and logo to deadline. Using CMS to upload magazine content to the website. Assisting the Content & Production Manager with the coordination of all production schedules. Ensuring print deadlines are met. Publishing Assistant The ideal candidate: The ideal candidate for this role will be looking for a fantastic opportunity to progress their career in publishing. You will have attention to detail that is second to none, will be extremely organised and always hit deadlines. Key skills, qualifications and experience include: Educated to A level standard, or higher. Strong organisational skills and attention to detail are essential. Ability to learn how to use new systems quickly. Good English oral and written communication skills. Ability to work under pressure and in a team environment is essential. Ability to prioritise own workload to meet deadlines. Proficiency with key applications including Microsoft Word and Excel is required, and knowledge of design packages including Adobe InDesign CS5, Photoshop and Acrobat would be beneficial but is not essential. Publishing Assistant How to apply If you have the required skills/experience listed above, please apply with your CV and cover letter through this page. To keep up to date with all of our Editorial and Content jobs please follow us on twitter: www.twitter.com/benhewis and www.twitter.com/pfjeditorialjob