Title: Interim Curriculum Manager  Sports and Public Services
Webindex: 71794355
Company: MORGAN HUNT
Description: Interim Curriculum Manager  Sports and Public Services Morgan Hunt is looking for a Interim Curriculum Manager  Sports and Public Services with a leading Further Education College based in North London. This is an exciting opportunity for someone who is looking to progress and take on more responsibility. Reporting to the Head of Division, you will have responsibility for the development of the curriculum and lead a team of staff in delivering high quality teaching and learning. Key responsibilities include:  Under the leadership of the Head of Division you will have responsibility for the day to day overview of the deployment and delivery of teaching and learning within the Sports and Public Services area  Responsible for identifying staff development needs in compliance with the College strategic priorities and appraisal.  Assist the Head of Division in the compilation of annual development plans.  Ensure effective induction programmes are included in all learning programmes.  Teach on various courses in line with the College timetabling booklet.  Monitor, evaluate and act upon attendance, retention, and achievement rates so as to ensure compliance with operating targets.  Ensure that course documentation and course quality systems conform to college requirements.  Ensure that quality control and assurance systems meet the requirements of the validating bodies including leading on IVing and preparation for EV/ Standards Moderation, and to be a member of the Observation team. Within this role, you will manage both sports and public services but is critical that you have experience of teaching on sports programmes. This is an excellent opportunity for someone who is seeking a larger organisation to build on their current experience. The successful candidate will be immediately available and have a proven track record of Managing the Hair & Beauty provision. Morgan Hunt is a multi award winning Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment and acts as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. Morgan Hunt is an equal opportunities employer.