Title: Maths Teacher for Top School
Webindex: 71877871
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: Teacher of Maths for Excellent West London School  Teacher of Maths  Key Stages **** an enthusiastic professional Maths Teacher to join the Maths Department for a minimum of one term. You will be working at this oversubscribed, high achieving and 'Outstanding' school within West London. The post is to start from the start of the summer term and this will be full time until the end of the school year at least. You will be teaching Maths across the age and ability range. The school is a Catholic comprehensive school for pupils aged **** It achieves a good balance of ensuring that all pupils make good progress and high expectations are met with high standards and excellent teaching. There is good atmosphere in the school and creativity in performing arts is encouraged with the use of new technology which enhance teaching and learning. The school has a strong Catholic ethos and sense of community, but it is not exclusive. The school successfully contributes to and works within the wider community as well. You will show a commitment to high standards, have a keen interest in teaching and learning styles and be able to demonstrate enthusiasm to match your subject knowledge. Applicants must be fully qualified teachers and hold suitably recognised teaching qualifications as well as recent and relevant teaching experience. All candidates must also hold the right to work within the UK in a full time post. For further details please contact Wayne at Career Teachers: **** **** **** or email waynecareerteachers.co.uk Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.