Title: Director of Specialist Provision
Webindex: 65868675
Description: Director of Specialist Provision Leadership Scale: **** **** To start from September 2013 or sooner Hadley Learning Community is an inclusive school with a capacity of **** learners including our nursery provision. The school serves a relatively disadvantaged community with high levels of ethnic minority groups and low income families, many who require additional support. Therefore, the school has a high percentage of students DSEN, EAL and students in receipt of Pupil Premium. Learners access both phases of the school significantly below National average in literacy and numeracy, however, the secondary phase was recognised in the top 100 most improved schools in the country. This, combined with both phases being graded as good by Ofsted, leads to a positive learning environment where students make accelerated progress. The role of Specialist Provision Director is a new and exciting post within HLC. The role is a senior post that will enhance practice in both phases to ensure that progress of all students with additional needs is accelerated. The post holder must demonstrate a determination to ensure good progress through the creation of personalised programmes for individuals and groups of learners that will support personal development. The appointment is a cross phase position but will primarily be set in the secondary phase where embedding of strategies across all subjects and teachers to drive progression is a key priority. The key to the success of this post is the ability to design and oversee the implementation of personalised programmes for learners in both phases, assessing the impact and making required interventions. This will involve working at a strategic level but will also require in classroom support alongside teachers and teaching assistants to model exemplar practice and offer practical guidance. The post holder will impact on a significant number of staff and be expected to lead and manage a large workforce of over **** teaching assistants that work at onetoone and department levels. As part of this team there will be dedicated, specialist DSEN administrative support. Hadley Learning Community rightly has high aspirations for the future. If you possess these qualities and share the vision and excitement for the new opportunities this school offers, then we will be delighted to hear from you. For an informal and confidential discussion, please contact Chris Gartner at Hays Leadership Appointments on **** or at chris.gartnerhays.com Closing date: Monday 4th of February at ****:00 am Interviews: Thursday 14th and Friday 15th of February Hadley Learning Community is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. All appointments are made subject to receipt of a completed application form, satisfactory references and Enhanced CRB Disclosure.