Title: French Teacher
Webindex: 68682087
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: An opportunity has arisen for a French Teacher to join this Secondary School. This school are looking for a teacher who can successfully engage the students in lively and interesting lessons. The successful candidate will seek to develop the students and will have a positive attitude towards attainment levels. This school has a strong community feel and students have good relationships with the staff. Attendance rates are above average and the behaviour of the students around the school is good. This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its exceptional team initially on a day to day basis to with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. The successful candidate will have the following:   Must have QTS, can be an NQT or have the equivalent overseas qualifications.  Must be able to plan lively and engaging lessons  Must have strong communication skills  Must have good classroom management.  Be able to work effectively with students of different abilities  Be competent in assessing students work and identifying areas for improvement.  Be willing to work as part of a committed team At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even if it is just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated Secondary consultant  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  The opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable If you are driven, motivated and aim to enhance the educational experience of the children that you work with, please contact Tariq Kanani on **** **** **** or send your CV to tariq.kananicapita.co.uk. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrenchTeacher_job****