Title: Newly Qualified Teachers Leicester
Webindex: 72238905
Company: Celsian Education
Description: Newly Qualified Teachers Leicester/Leicestershire Celsian Education are currently working alongside numerous Primary Schools in both the Leicester City and Leicestershire areas. We are recruiting for Newly Qualified Teachers for longterm and shortterm placements in all Key Stages. There are many advantages to working for our agency, whether you are looking to gain more experience within the classroom prior to applying for a permanent position or want to work with different types of schools before deciding which type of school suits you best. We would encourage you to register prior to the end of your studies/practical exams so that we can complete your references and security checks on schedule. These placements are to commence asap therefore it is imperative that you apply straight away. To qualify you must;  Be a Newly Qualified Teacher offering ideally a PGCE, B.Ed, SCITT or BA with QTS  Be eligible to work in the UK  Be resident in the UK Non qualified candidates will not be considered at this point Key Features for working with Celsian Education are:  Competitive pay  Unrivalled commitment to quality and safeguarding  Daily and longterm vacancies to suit your needs  Round the clock support from experienced Consultants  All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register Locations catered for: Loughborough, Melton Mowbray, Oakham, Market Harborough, Lutterworth, Hinckley, Atherstone, Measham, Coalville, Ashbydelazouch, Oadby, Wigston, Birstall, Anstey. Celsian Education has been placing teachers and teaching assistants into jobs in schools since **** and operates throughout a network of offices across the UK enabling us to respond to your needs quickly and effectively. Celsian was one of the first agencies to be awarded the DfE Quality Mark, an essential guide to Quality and Professionalism. Applicants will be expected to undergo a facetoface interview, reference checks and an enhanced CRB disclosure. Celsian Education is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education. Celsian Education is a trading name of Carlisle Staffing plc. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewlyQualifiedTeachersLeicester_job****