Title: Literacy Specialist Needed
Webindex: 70761694
Company: Prospero Teaching
Description: We are seeking an Enthusiastic Literacy / English teacher NQT or Experienced. You will be joining a young, dynamic, wellresourced and successful faculty which is looking to grow organically. The right candidate will be interviewed immediately and if successful, start immediately. The ideal candidate will have experience or be able to teach English to KS**** The school is based in North West London. The School is looking for a committed colleague with ambition, academic team player the will to succeed and a real interest in the provision of quality teaching for all their students in this mixed, popular and successful multi cultural school. You will be energetic, innovative, and committed, with the ability to relate to the school s culture and ethos. The appointee will be an excellent teacher with a desire to make a difference. Full support for professional development is provided. To apply you will: Be a qualified teacher (ideally PGCE, GTP, B ed, Cert Ed, BA with QTS) Have UK teaching experience. Be eligible to work in the UK. Be resident in the UK now. Hold a current CRB disclosure. Have a funworking attitude. Be creative and innovative. Have drive and tenacity. Encourage students to reach their full potential. PLEASE NOTE: Only successful candidates will be contacted for this role, although there will be other opportunities available. Prospero Teaching recruits teachers for supply, long term teaching or permanent teaching jobs, for schools across the UK. If you are interested in working as a nursery nurse, classroom assistant, primary teacher, secondary teacher, teaching assistant, SENCO, school support staff, SEN Teacher, NQT S, contact Prospero Teaching today to register. Prospero Teaching, have teaching positions across, North London, West London, East London, South East London, South West London, West midlands and all Home Counties including, Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Surrey and Kent