Title: SENCO  Inner London Secondary School
Webindex: 69932655
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: SENCO Inner London Secondary School Are you an experienced SENCO looking for a new challenge from September? Or have just completed the SENCO course and are looking to secure your first permanent role as a fully qualified SENCO? Secondary SENCO Inner London Borough of Barking best ever GCSE results 2012 My client is looking to appoint a dynamic, ambitious, enthusiastic and committed SENCO, able to lead a team of teachers and Teaching Assistants. The SEN Department is at an exciting stage of development and we are looking for someone who is committed to inclusive education to ensure that all of the students have access to the whole curriculum and have their individual needs met. The school additionally resourced for **** students with moderate learning difficulties. The successful applicant will have responsibility for the strategic direction and development of the Faculty including: Teaching and Learning  ASDAN and Intervention programmes Leading and Managing Staff Efficient and effective deployment of staff and resources Improving rates of progress for all students My client school are looking for a dynamic, skillful and ambitious qualified SENCO from September. The ideal candidate will have the following: a proven experience within the areas related to Special Educational Needs and of leading intervention strategies to support students in making good progress both academically and socially experience of setting up systems to measure and track progress of students with SEND excellent interpersonal skills the ability to work with and motivate a wide range of people committed to ensuring that all students make good progress through planned support in lessons If successful, you will join a friendly and supportive team who strive to ensure that their students enjoy their learning and achieve their targets. The current SENCO has been at the school for over 10 years. She has been a valued member of the Senior Leadership Team and has made the SEN department very successful. This is an excellent opportunity for someone looking to make a difference to the lives of young people. There has recently been a major refurbishment through the BSF programme and they have wellequipped facilities. The closest station is served by over ground trains, the school is located a mere **** minutes away from Liverpool Street. Parking is an issue however, and all staff are encouraged to use public transport. If you would like to apply for the role of SENCO, please send your full CV and covering letter to Alison at Edustaff