Title: Handyperson / Caretaker
Webindex: 68849550
Company: Herts County Council
Description: Handyperson/Caretaker Pay spine: H2 **** pro rata **** per hour Start date: February 2013 Handyperson/Caretaker required for a morning and evening shift pattern at this busy school, 37 hours per week, 52 weeks per year, with 23 days annual leave plus bank holidays. You will be skilled and experienced in all areas of DIY, friendly, hardworking and able to use your initiative. Duties will include assisting with school lettings, managing problems as they occur, undertaking a range of cleaning duties, unlocking or securing the school and acting as first aider. You will be expected to greet persons entering the school in a professional manner and direct them to the correct destination, responding to events, alarms and incidents. We are a popular, oversubscribed school aiming for the very best in teaching and learning. We are sited in pleasant grounds in the village of Boxmoor, close to national rail and road links to London. Of STED in March 2011 described us as 'a good school where students' achievement is outstanding'. Further details are available on our website at URL removed Please apply in writing or by email via letter of application and Hertfordshire Support Staff Appointment and Person Specification forms (available on our website) which can be accessed by clicking the 'Apply Now' button. If you have any queries about the post please contact Mr Stephen Robinson, School Business Manager on the above telephone number. Please note, if you have not been contacted by Friday 8th February you have not been shortlisted for interview. Closing date: Thursday, 31st January 2013. Interviews: week commencing Monday 11th February 2013. The Hemel Hempstead School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. All postholders are subject to an enhanced Criminal Records Bureau disclosure. Hertfordshire is committed to the protection and safety of children and young people