Title: Preschool Assistant Level 2 or **** QNA
Webindex: 69769326
Company: North Holmwood Preschool
Description: Two posts available: One working 8.30am1pm two mornings per week and one working 8.30am1pm three mornings per week. Job purpose: Develops and nurtures by supporting the planning and implementation of the educational programme; providing day care. Duties:  Stimulates emotional, intellectual, and social growth of students by implementing educational programmes and activities tailored to an assigned class or year group.  Provides safe environment by maintaining orderly, clean, and appealing facilities; following standards and procedures; complying with legal recommendations.  Encourages development of student selfcontrol by utilising classroom management and modelling techniques.  Keeps parents informed by sharing records of progress.  Encourages students' participation by providing interactive activities.  Ensures continuous care by assuming teaching responsibilities when teacher is absent.  Maintains quality results by following and enforcing standards.  Keeps equipment operating by following operating instructions; troubleshooting breakdowns; maintaining supplies; performing preventive maintenance; calling for repairs.  Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications.  Enhances school reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. Skills/Qualifications: Connecting with People, Deals with Uncertainty, Safety Management, Judgment, Objectivity, Confidentiality, Dependability, Emotional Control, Handles Pressure, Listening, Verbal Communication We are an equal opportunities employer which is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. We fully expect all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Any successful applicant will be subject to an enhanced CRB disclosure and a suitable reference check.