Title: Assessor  Business Admin  West Yorkshire
Webindex: 70167638
Company: METSA Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Assessor  West Yorkshire  Business and Administration, Customer Service, Team Leader and Management. Our client is an expanding well established independent workbased training provider located in West Yorkshire The company consist of a closeknit team of highly qualified, supportive and good humoured professionals. To be considered for this excellent opportunity, you must have a proven track record in the delivery of Apprenticeships L****/3 in Business and Administration, Customer Service, Team Leading and Management including Functional Skills and have a talent for ICT. The company use the eportfolio system. You must have A****/A**** or equivalent and a good record of CPD. A level 4 teaching qualification and Internal Verifier experience would be most welcome. You will need to run your own car, business mileage is paid at ****p/mile. You should have superb communication skills, have a strong team ethic, be able to exchange and act upon ideas, handle and support change and be willing to go the extra mile for your learners, client companies they deliver for and your colleagues. You should be a wellbalanced individual  they don t do corporate You will be required to deliver to a substantial caseload and this would involve you in every stage of the learner journey. They place heavy emphasis on timely starts and achievements and have an 90% timeliness and success rates as a result. You will be expected to seek out opportunities for new delivery. In return you will remunerated generously with above average basic salary, expenses, phone, laptop, hospital plan and a generous holiday entitlement. To be considered for this excellent opportunity forward your CV to METSA Recruitment Solutions using apply now or contact METSA Recruitment on (Apply online only) If we have not contacted you within 3 days of your application unfortunately on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful