Title: Employability Tutor / Assessor
Webindex: 69005228
Company: Equal Approach Limited
Description: Are you an experienced Tutor/Trainer with bags of experience supporting small and large groups of learners on government funded training programmes? Do you hold a level 3 teaching qualification? If so, then you could be perfect for this role. As part of the Employability team you ll support clients by delivering a combination of skills and job focused training programs, workshops and job search guidance to large groups. But that s only half of it. You re outgoing, approachable nature and ability to listen will enable you to provide clients, with impartial information, advice and guidance to help then make informed decisions about how they can achieve their goals. A typical day could include assessing client s skills levels and job readiness, assisting in the preparation and updating of clients CVs and selfmarketing material, maintaining client records and matching clients to suitable employment and progression opportunities. You ll need to be able to motivate and work positively with a variety of clients, often facing challenging circumstances, day in day out  even when under pressure. This Group is passionate about improving skills, raising aspirations and developing opportunities for our staff and clients. Every day the teams at their **** Centres across the UK offer a wide range of workbased and jobseeker training for adults and young people. So if you re passionate, professional and proactive, you could go a long way with us. You ll also enjoy great benefits here  childcare vouchers, an employee assistance programme for you and your family and 25 days holiday. The company is committed to safeguarding and if successful, you may be required to undertake a criminal records check and must be able to provide references for the past 3 years. We welcome applications from all sectors of the community and are committed to diversity and recruiting to reflect the communities we serve. If you have not heard within 14 days of the closing date, your application has been unsuccessful. Due to the large number of applications we are unable to give individual feedback. If you need to receive this information in an alternative format, please contact Equal Approach and we will take reasonable steps to arrange this for you. Our client is an Equal Opportunities employer and we actively encourage candidate applications from all sections of the community. The successful candidate may be required to undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau Check