Title: Chemistry Teacher  A level
Webindex: 69007117
Company: Trust Education
Description: Trust Education is looking for a Chemistry teacher for an exceptional school. This position is to commence as soon as possible and is ongoing. This flourishing and highly successful school is looking for a Chemistry teacher to join their amazing Science department. Candidates must be capable of teach all areas of Science from Key stage **** up to A level. This school ensures that every student achieves their best. Students are encouraged to enjoy their education and are well prepared for the next stage in their life through the provision of a rich, varied and broad curriculum. Ideal candidates would have experience working within the UK Curriculum. Australian and New Zealand trained teachers are highly sought after NQTS are also welcome to apply. In order to register with Trust Education, it is essential you fulfil the following requirements:  UK Qualified teachers with QTS and Overseas Qualified teachers are welcome to apply.  It is essential that you can provide 2 teaching references from the past two years. Referees must be Head Teachers or Heads of Department who can be contacted at work and in their professional capacities. Private addresses or contact numbers for referees are not acceptable.  Must hold a current work visa for the UK and be currently (or soon to be) residing in the UK.  Ideally you should hold a British CRB (police check) issued within the past **** months or are willing to get one. If you have spent more than a year outside of the UK during the past 5 years then you must also have a Police check from that country. Trust Education offers competitive rates of pay, additional bonuses, a chance to works in top London schools, and continuous professional development. We pride ourselves on our personal service and support. We have an abundance of work and are always looking for new teachers across all age groups and subject areas. Due to the number of responses we receive to our advertisements we are unable to respond individually to each applicant. If you do no hear from us within 7 days you may assume you have not been selected this time  but please apply for anything you feel you are suitable for and thank you for your interest in Trust Education