Title: Head of Planning System Development
Webindex: 71749685
Company: R21 Media
Description: Head of Planning s stakeholders including the Higher Education Funding Council England, Teaching Agency and the Higher Education Statistics Agency in accordance with their individual requirements. To communicate the implications of the data pictures thus returned to senior management. To identify the student system and service requirements of the University and its students and to manage the development and maintenance of the main databases and web interfaces in accordance with those needs. To ensure that student data required is collected and input/maintained within the main databases in accordance with the principles of Data Protection Act and the University s Record Management Policy. To manage a project to identify the University College s electronic document storage needs and to develop and manage a storage system using the University s Sharepoint system. To review whether the University College s SITS system meets the current needs of a new university and, if necessary, to lead a project to reengineer the system as necessary. To attend appropriate national conferences for networking and liaison activities and to report back on good practice in the planning and systems development arena. Responsibility for identifying the main analytical and management information needs of the University, for the development and production of reports to meet those needs and for the development of appropriate credibility and validation checks on those reports to ensure accuracy. Responsibility for communication with the Student Loan Company and for ensuring that the University College makes timely returns to the SLC. Identifying the student system training needs of the University staff and ensuring that the staff are trained in the use of the system to the optimum level. Responsibility for supporting the Planning Cycle by the construction of predictive models, developing key performance indicators providing regular reports and analyses for the University Council, Senior Management Team and the Newman Management Group. Other duties as required from time to time by the University Secretary and Registrar For a comprehensive list of duties, please refer to the University College job description. Essential criteria: Educated to at least degree standard (or equivalent Significant experience in working with student records systems Previous experience within the HE environment, together with a good understanding of the current challenges facing Higher EducationExcellent managerial, organisational and leadership skills Ability to interpret complex requirements and identify strategies to meet those requirements Excellent project management skills Ability to identify ways in which the University College s information systems can be taken forward and the capacity to proactively manage projects to do so Excellent statistical and analytical skills, and the ability to appreciate the value and use of statistics within context Excellent IT and data manipulation skills, including the use of Microsoft Office Ability to solve complex problems and find solutions Excellent skills in both written and oral communicationAbility to become the leading authority in the University College for the student systems Ability to work with minimum supervision, to prioritise and meet deadlines Ability to lead projects and motivate a team Ability to network in the national arena, keeping up to date with developments and good practice Desirable criteria: Masters degree in relevant subject Experience with the SITS Student Records system Hours: **** per week Closing date for applications: 15th February 2013 To apply, please follow the job board application instructions. You will then be sent a web link to an online application form. Please note that this University College does NOT accept CV s alone