Title: Trainee Recruitment Consultants  Global Energy Recruiter
Webindex: 71878499
Company: TURNSTONE SALES
Description: Overview: We are working with the leading Energy Recruiter who are keen to recruit several graduates to take up positions as Trainee Recruitment Consultants within their business. The Company Role: Our client is a dynamic market leader in the field of energy recruitment with offices in the UK, Europe and the Americas. They work with clients across the Oil Gas, Renewables, Nuclear and Power sectors providing a full recruitment solution. They possess huge knowledge across all sectors they operate in allowing them to develop highly successful relationships. If successful you will join our client in the role of a trainee recruitment consultant, meaning you will be speaking to clients and candidates from the work go. Regardless of what division you join you will report into a manager who will be your mentor during your first 12 months. You will be undertaking a full **** role, so carrying out business development, managing existing clients, sourcing candidates, head hunting, arranging interviews and negotiating terms and closing deals will be day to day for you. Recruitment does not get more relevant to the world at large than this and our client have created a unique environment and platform from which you can excel in your role. What our Client are Looking For? Strong Academic Background. Target Money Motivated. Confident Mature. Commercially Aware. Possess Strong Influencing Persuasion Skills. Tenacious Determined. Have Good Planning Organisational Skills. What Are The Rewards? If successful you will be highly rewarded for your hard work and dedication: Excellent Training Development Programme. Great Working Environment. ****K Basic Salary. Uncapped Commission Scheme. Ability to Progress Based on Results. Ability to Fasttrack your Earnings and Career Progression. Overseas Working Opportunities. If you believe that you have the desire, drive and determination to succeed in a career with our client, we want to hear from you now. Apply to this job and we will get in touch within **** hrs.