Title: P/T Guidance Officer  Employment and Enterprise [DBS/CRB required]
Webindex: 68608583
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: P/T Guidance Officer  Employment and Enterprise[DBS/CRB required] Reference no: Lambeth **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: SW**** 2 What s involved with this role: To work as part of a team responsible for development, delivery and management of educational / vocational, information, advice and guidance and support to clients, from council facilities, via learning providers and in community settings, and other locations as required, to contribute to the achievement of the council s worklessness / employment objectives. To provide a professional service, including work with providers and at offsite centres, ensuring the effective and efficient provision of careers advice, guidance, and employability support that meets all relevant internal and external standards, with particular reference to Lambeth Adult Learners. To provide in depth, professional and clientcentred career, education and employment advice and guidance, utilising a range of counselling and pastoral support measures, to adult learners and Lambeth residents, with a particular focus on key target groups. To provide a service from council facilities (including the Green Man Skills Zone), via learning providers and in community settings, liaising with local organisations, education and training establishments and other agencies (including Job Centre Plus), and delivering an outreach service at a variety of locations and settings according to social and educational need and funding opportunities. To provide referral information relating to employment, training and education opportunities. To liaise with and support learning provider organisations by providing professional, dispassionate and high quality guidance and support to learners. To implement jobsearch training programmes and provide support with CV preparation, completing application forms, interview techniques, searching for vacancies, both manually and using appropriate ICT resources. To deliver these sessions on, either, a **** basis or within a group workshop setting. To be responsible for developing and maintaining the careers resource information for clients, including online careers guidance programs. To develop and maintain schedules for guidance interviews and outreach activities, and meet the needs of dropin clients. To support the needs of the service through research into the borough's guidance and employment needs and opportunities to address these, preparing information and correspondence, keeping statistics and supporting clients, as required. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice A relevant qualification, preferably at NVQ Level 4 or equivalent DBS/CRB check in place [ Disclosure no. Issue date required ] Substantial recent experience of counselling, advising and guiding clients, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation An understanding of the role of the Local Education Authority in Lifelong Learning and the provision of adult learning A demonstrable commitment to and understanding of the learning and employment needs, including those groups furthest removed from learning Experience of working with a range of partners and agencies Experience of providing a customer facing service and dealing with a demanding client group Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Planning, Regeneration and Enterprise/Employment/Guidance, Training Support Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 12 months. Hours per week: 21 Monday Wednesday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited