Title: Room Leader (Under **** s) Mat cover  Teddington
Webindex: 67301487
Company: Asquith Nurseries
Description: Asquith is the UK s leading provider of premium childcare with a portfolio of 81 Nurseries. With our team of expert trainers we take pride in the continuous development we offer to our staff, ensuring they become leaders of the future within Asquith. This is a great chance to become part of a fun and dynamic team. We are currently seeking a proven Room Leader (Under **** s) to join the team at our Teddington Day Nursery. Teddington Day Nursery is a **** place nursery setting rated Good by Oftsed. This is full time position covering maternity leave working Monday to Friday. Five minutes from Teddington rail station and just off the High Street, our location means commuting is simple by train or bus. Tell me more about the responsibilities of a Room Leader within Asquith? Act as Room Leader and to implement the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) curriculum. Lead planning for the EYFS curriculum and maintain accurate and effective children s records. Mentor to Nursery Nurse s within room. You will provide high standards of quality within the Nursery including the environment, resources and experiences offered to children. Ensure that children are kept safe and that staff understand and when necessary follow safeguarding procedures. Ensure that the nutritional needs of the children are met and the Food Safety Regulations are complied with. Work with area SENCOs, EYFS advisors, health professionals and local Sure Start programmes as appropriate. Undertake a shared responsibility for health, safety and cleanliness throughout the nursery. Promote and facilitate partnership with parents/carers and other family members. What experience and qualifications must I have to apply? Minimum Level 3 qualification or equivalent A sound understanding of the EYFS A sound knowledge of child protection procedures Previous childcare experience Possess leadership qualities Excellent communication skills both written and verbal Asquith Nurseries are committed to ensuring everyone in our organisation is responsible for Safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All successful candidates will be required to undertake an enhanced CRB disclosure Due to the high level of applicants we receive on a daily basis only successful candidates will be contacted at this stage