Title: Autism Specialist Teaching Assistant
Webindex: 69642047
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment Ltd
Description: Autism Specialist Teaching Assistant in Haringey, North London Hays education are recruiting for a Autism Specialist Teaching Assistant on behalf of a Primary School, based in Haringey, North London, to work in their SEN department supporting two pupils on Autism Spectrum Disorder. This is longterm temporary job with possibilities of becoming permanent. This Autism Specialist Teaching Assistant job is to start ASAP. This is a good school, which is on an upward trend. It serves the needs of its diverse and constantly changing community of pupils very well and excels in its approach to community cohesion. Pupils start their learning journey with confidence because of the very supportive climate for learning and highquality pastoral care. This job role is to support a year **** and a year **** pupils. Both pupils are on Autism Spectrum Disorder. You will be working onetoone with the pupil to increase their learning and social development. The ideal candidate will be working under Inclusion Manager?s instruction and will be able to follow the development plan for these two pupils. Your typical day can vary greatly depending on the individual needs of the pupils. It could include: Helping with their school work Differentiating work that the teacher has set and contributing to the monitoring and assessment of progress Helping to increase the pupils' confidence,selfesteem and independence Supporting the pupil with Social, Emotional or Behavioural difficulties Targeted intervention work based on IEP targets Assisting with the pupils' physical needs, including hygiene and feeding, as well as assisting with therapy sessions If you are interested to apply for this Autism Specialist Teaching Assistant job in Haringey, North London please contact Tabish Ashraf at your earliest convenience as the school are looking for a candidate to start ASAP. Hays EA is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk