Title: Teacher of Spanish
Webindex: 69144035
Company: Edustaff   Manchester
Description: Spanish Teacher Modern Foreign Language Teacher – Spanish – January My Client school located in the Manchester is searching for a modern Foreign Language teacher specialising in Spanish. Are you an inspiration modern languages teacher able to deliver outstanding Spanish lessons? Are you looking for a long term role starting January 2013? If you answered yes to both these questions this could be the post for you Teacher of Spanish – Spanish – Maternity Cover Assessed as a Good School – Ofsted **** GCSE Spanish Located in Manchester My client school located in Manchester is a good and improving school. Good teaching, an outstanding curriculum, and excellent academic and pastoral care, enable students to achieve well and thoroughly enjoy their education. Students' good personal development is seen in their positive attitudes to learning and good behaviour. Many of the students, speaking over many languages amongst them, have experienced challenging circumstances in their lives and see the school as an oasis of calm where the supportive environment enables them to flourish. The school’s curriculum is outstanding with an excellent emphasis on preparing students for their working lives. The specialist arts nature of the school has a major positive impact on the curriculum and student confidence and also on the other schools with which the school is associated. The headteacher is dynamic and challenging, leading by example. She is committed to raising standards and providing all students from whatever background with a high quality education. The positive school ethos and excellent use of a wide range of agencies helps to keep students in school. Senior staff are extremely selfcritical, evaluating the work of the school in great detail, and striving to make improvements. The languages department is well staffed and has excellent facilities including state of the art language labs, modern classrooms and supportive technicians. The school is looking to appoint a teacher that has a genuine passion for language and is able to inject culture into the lesson as well as the basics. If this sounds like the role for you please email your CV to Mark at Edustaff today