Title: Hospitality and Catering Trainer Assessor
Webindex: 68702398
Company: Taylor Herrick Recruitment
Description: A leading training provider for the Hotel and Catering industries seek to appoint a TrainerAssessor, to cover the Derbyshire region. This specialist vocational provider delivers awardwinning Hospitality and Catering Apprenticeship NVQ training to learners in their workplace. The provider aims to help employers increase the effectiveness and profitability of their staff, to develop learners' personal, economic and social status and to enhance the level of service given to their customers and clients. This is reflected in the success of their learners and the quantifiable improvements and benefits for their employers. THE ROLE; Reporting to the Area Manager, the TrainerAssessor is accountable for coaching learners to achieve full qualifications and assess their vocational competence against national standards. Your office base with be Ilkeston, however, you will be field based managing a caseload of approx. **** learners across Derbyshire. As a part of the role, you will be expected to work proactively and undertake a range of learner and employer engagement activities that support the recruitment of learners and develop new employer/business contacts; this is a multifaceted role. ABOUT YOU; •You must be able to demonstrate the skills to train people to complete a range of knowledge tests required for apprenticeship frameworks •You will have the skills and knowledge to deliver Functional Skills up to level 2 in ICT, Maths and English •Full driving license is required to cover the field base of Derbyshire QUALIFICATIONS EXPERIENCE it is essential that you demonstrate and possess: •Practical vocational work as well as assessing experience in Hospitality and Catering disciplines. •Appropriate training and assessment qualifications, preferably the TAQA or A**** Award. PROSPECTS OFFERED; This is a fantastic opportunity to join a leading specialist training provider. After successful completion of a **** month probation period, additional optional benefits are available including a company vehicle and a contributory pension scheme with generous company contributions. Starting salary will be in the range indicated, depending upon experience and qualifications. The provider also pays ****p per mile, from your base office, Ilkeston. If you have practical vocational work and assessing experience in the Hospitality and Catering industry and seeking a new challenge as a TrainerAssessor then this is a perfect opportunity for you To apply, please submit your CV to amandathrecruit.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HospitalityandCateringTrainerAssessor_job****