Title: BOYS PE TEACHER  QTS  FULL TIME  ALEVEL EXPERIENCE ESSENTIAL  ****
Webindex: 69006426
Company: TeacherActive
Description: An established Secondary school located **** minutes drive from the A**** are looking for a qualified teacher of BOYS PE. Ideally the candidate will have experience deliaveing Anatomy and Physiology at ALevel or be comfortable to undertake this subject. This Science specialist school enjoys the support of a fantastic head and Senior Leadership Team with unrivalled prospects for career progression and an organic approach to promotion and development. This modern and forward thinking secondary school has outperformed local school in recent years. You will be:  A qualified BOYS PE Teacher  An team player  Inspirational  Reliable Benefits include:  A competitive rate of pay which is hassle free.  A motivational working environment.  Great prospects for long term work.  A dedicated team of consultant with an indepth knowledge of our industry.  High level of support from both us and the school.  The opportunity to make a genuine difference. All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive. Please call Alex on **** or email your CV to All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service  and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services