Title: SENCO Needed in North London
Webindex: 68685222
Company: Remedy Education
Description: Remedy education wishes to appoint a SENCO who will take up post from the start ASAP This is an outstanding and unusual opportunity for an ambitious, innovative and enthusiastic individual to make their mark by contributing to the development of this school. The Primary school is based in Camden and they will be interviewing successful candidates immediately Where appropriate, the successful candidate is likely to have a track record of success with children and a proven commitment to the highest standards of teaching and learning; and the ability to think strategically and creatively. The school had an Ofsted inspection in November **** and was judged to be “….an outstanding school……and has outstanding capacity to improve further as it expands.” Are you prepared to join with the Headteacher and the staff in an exciting role in this school and assist in contributing to its development? Have you:  The experience and subject skills to help continue the development of the school’s department?  The skills to enthuse students and staff to cooperate in an educational venture that will promote high standards of teaching and learning?  The wider community vision that will promote the school to parents and primaries and foster beneficial partnerships?  The ability to stimulate others and inspire others to succeed? In return we offer: The opportunity to help shape and influence this school. If you believe that you can meet the needs and would relish the real demands and rewards of playing a major part in establishing the new School we would like to hear from you. If you are interested in this position then please send your updated CV to Lara at Remedy Education Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd is a REC Standard agency and is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the vulnerable. Successful applicants will be required to undertake an Enhanced Disclosure via the CRB. Our objective is to be an equal opportunities employer and we welcome applications from everyone with suitable skills and ability regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, gender, disability, sexual orientation, age, religion or belief. All applications will be accepted and reviewed solely on merit. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SENCONeededinNorthLondon_job****