Title: Newly Qualified English Teacher  Outstanding North London School  September 2013
Webindex: 69668831
Company: EDUSTAFF
Description: Attention all newly qualified English Teachers seeking a permanent post in London this September  Are you a passionate English NQT with high expectations and wanting to teach enthusiastic and high achieving pupils? Would you like to secure a permanent post within one of the very best secondary comprehensives in the country that will offer and provide fantastic NQT support? Are you open to working within a faith school; more specifically an Outstanding Secondary School that supports the Orthodox Jewish community in North London? Newly Qualified English Teacher Applicants will ideally require an English specific degree  High achieving school and department exceptional GCSE results Recently graded Outstanding Ofsted ****012 Secondary School catering for the Orthodox Jewish community Jewish Non Jewish applicants more than welcome to apply  North London Borough of Barnet (Northern Line Over ground access) Excellent NQT support and induction Very supportive SLT, Head of Department Staff Salary: NQT s offered MPS 2 (Outer London) **** Graded as Outstanding across the board, this is an excellent opportunity to kick off your teaching career within this nationally recognised secondary school. Applicants will need to show real potential and talent within the classroom; coupled with the enthusiasm for your subject and personality that will see relationships develop quickly between you, pupils and staff. The school is split across two sites and caters for the orthodox Jewish community. The school curriculum is well balanced and is very accessible to non Jewish and Jewish teachers; with the current staff team reflecting a broad cross section of society. Located in North London, the school is less than **** minutes walk from the nearest station or a short bus ride away. Sitting in zone ****; there are good Northern Line and Over Ground links that will get you to the school with minimal fuss as well as ample parking for those that live in North London and prefer your own transport. The school are looking to replace a long standing member of staff within the department who is moving on this September. The HOD and head teacher are seeking a promising English NQT; with a strong academic record, English based degree and a clear passion for the subject. A high achieving school, this is a wonderful learning environment for you to develop your teaching skills and abilities. The English department works with the core curriculum up to Alevel and has worked hard to raise and consistently achieve top grades. Pupils enjoy learning and strive to succeed. The school benefits from state of the art resources and provides a great learning environment for both staff and pupils. This is a fantastic opportunity for a talented English NQT; full of promise, enthusiasm and confident teaching across the key stages KS****  **** Located in North London; this Outstanding secondary school caters for the orthodox Jewish community and has been recognised as one of the best schools in the country. As an NQT; you will be assigned a mentor of the highest quality and will be thoroughly supported throughout your NQT induction. You will be working with some outstanding teachers within the school; which will hopefully contribute towards your own professional development and journey to becoming an Outstanding teacher. The department has a range of experienced and newly qualified teachers who offer a range of skills and personalities that work very well together. If you are an English NQT and feel that this could be the perfect school for you; please do get in touch as soon as possible with your CV and cover letter; with the head teacher and HOD keen to interview potential candidates around February half term. I look forward to hearing from you.