Title: First Response Team Manager
Webindex: 71879378
Company: LONDON BOROUGH OF TOWER HAMLETS
Description: Role Purpose The First Response Service provides a customerfacing first point of contact for concerns, queries and enquiries relating to Adult Social Care. First Response will deliver advice, information, contact screening, equipment and service provision, urgent response and adult safeguarding functions. The First Response Service will provide support for people who are ordinarily resident in Tower Hamlets. In the case of carers, support will be provided if the caredfor person or people are ordinarily resident in Tower Hamlets. The First Response Service has a commitment to offering equity of access to information, advice, assessment and support. First Response will take account of the specific requirements of users and has access to specialist communication support to deliver this. This includes staff who speak key community languages, the ability to translate key written information and advice into alternative languages if needed and requested, and the ability to send out information and advice in alternative formats such as large print and Braille if needed and requested. Key Responsibilities Develop and implement strategies that lead and direct the change required to meet the requirements of the First Response service. This will include the delivery of proportionate assessments, provision of safeguarding and/or urgent response, fast track equipment and support provision, signposting and the provision of information and advice. Take a lead role in the development and delivery of the Directorate s strategies, including those between the Directorate and partner agencies, to ensure the service takes account of future changes and policy developments. Provide responsive strategic leadership to the team to ensure delivery of programmes of change in line with local and Directorate developments To undertake staff supervision, development and training as per the Team Plan and in line with the AHWB staff development framework. To be responsible for the development and delivery of training packages and presentations to ensure that existing staff and newly recruited staff, fully understand AHWB Policies, Procedures and Processes. Promote and develop partnership working with all stakeholders to advance new models of service delivery, improve standards and develop flexibility and innovation in service delivery. Manage and report on the services staffing and commissioning budget allocation in line with LBTH financial regulations ensuring that service meets key targets, achieves value for money and that expenditure is optimised. Requirements A detailed working knowledge of relevant national policies and the legislation. Detailed knowledge of directorate and corporate procedures and practice relating to Adults Health Wellbeing. Familiarity with recent research and Government and corporate initiatives Knowledge of LBTH Financial Regulations CQSW, DipSW or other HCPC recognised social work qualification, and a current GSCC registration certificate. or Qualification in Occupational Therapy and current Health Professions Council (UK) registration. Experience of managing, developing and supervising a Team in a social care or health setting. Achieving Results A CRB enhanced disclosure that is satisfactory to us will be a condition of your appointment. Willing to travel to various sites and locations PREVIOUS APPLICANTS NEED NOT APPLY AGAIN