Title: Intervention teacher for Early Years and KS****
Webindex: 69552902
Company: Career Teachers
Description: Career Teachers are urgently looking for a intervention teacher to work with groups of reception and KS1 children. This is a great opportunity for a teacher with previous experience as a intervention teacher. The main part of the role will be to teach Maths and Phonics. Its essential that you have a great understanding of the two areas. The school are looking to develop these areas further. Therefore, its essential that you are able to plan lessons around these subjects. This is a good school located in the heart of Peckham. You will be working closely with the Assistant Head. If you have the relevant experience then please send your CV asap to Career Teachers. The school are looking to meet with candidates next week. For this role you must hold a recognised UK qualification, NQTs and overseas trained teachers are welcome to apply. You will need to provide references covering the last 5 years and hold a valid CRB or be willing to complete one. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.