Title: Policy & Strategy Officer
Webindex: 71884687
Company: WORKING FOR ESSEX
Description: Salary **** **** Full time  37 Hours Per Week 12 Month Fixed Term Contract/Secondment (Starting 1st February 2013) Policy and Strategy Officers are dedicated to working across the range of services Essex County Council commission and deliver to make a difference to the lives of Essex residents. The post holder will be responsible for bringing an outwardlooking, realistic perspective to ECC s work, wellinformed by quantitative analysis and research. This is a demanding role and the successful applicant will undertake research into areas of policy to deliver the Council's priorities. They will be instrumental in the creation and development of policy which ultimately results in improved services for our customers. An important aspect of the remit will be to work effectively with partners and across the organisation to further develop our needs based and intelligence led practice. You will need: Expertise in policy and strategy. The ability to deliver work within strict timeframes with minimal supervision. A strong analytical and research background. Degree in a related field, equivalent academic qualification or equivalent relevant experience. Excellent networking and communication skills. Ability to work with members and senior officers. Project management experience. These roles require the ability to work flexibly across a full range of policy disciplines according to demand coupled with excellent presentation and research skills. Any successful applicant to this post would be appointed on a fixed term contract. If you require further clarification please contact the Working for Essex Team on **** **** **** Essex County Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable adults, and expects all employees and volunteers to share this commitment. Our aim is to be an equal opportunities employer. We welcome applications, regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, age or religion or belief. All applications will be considered solely on merit.