Title: Year ****
Webindex: 62124569
Company: Career Teachers
Description: Teacher with Year **** experience? Seeking a new challenge for January in a great school? I am working closely with a two form entry school school in north London who are seeking an enthusiastic and generally brilliant teacher for January This is a great school Newly refurbished this is a fantastic environment in which to teach. To be considered for this role, you must have Year **** experience and although the school are seeking an experienced teacher, NQT's who have taught Y**** as their final practice(and who have assisted with SATS) are welcome to apply. However, the school are unable to offer assistance with induction year as they already have two NQTs on board. The class are very pleasant and behaviour is generally good although the class respond well to clear guidelines. The school operates a creative curriculum and they are seeking a teacher who is creative, enthusiastic and who has ideally taught within a similar system. You must support the school's commitment to raising standards and to helping all children to realise their potential. You should be inspiring and keen to guide the class through their SATS. An applicant with a keen interest in PE would be ideal and there may be the opportunity to attend school journey towards the end of the academic year. Sounds of interest? If you are a qualified teacher and have the experience and drive needed for this brilliant school, please contact me as soon as possible. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.