Title: Teacher of Maths required in Hampshire
Webindex: 70577328
Company: TimePlan Education
Description: TimePlan are looking for a dynamic and enthusiastic Maths Teacher to cover a full time maternity cover from April onwards. This full time Maths vacancy starts at the beginning of April and runs until at least the end of July and possibly up until Christmas. If you are a reliable Maths teaching specialist then this role is for you. This school in Hampshire and close to The New Forest is looking for the right candidate to teach Mathematics for at least one term until the end of July 2013 The right person for this Maths role will be trained to UK Qualified Teacher Status and must also hold a clear and current CRB. Experience in teaching Maths to a GCSE level is essential for this role. This is a popular **** comprehensive school with a fantastic range of facilities across all areas of the curriculum. The school strives to offer the chance for every child to fulfil their potential and achieve success through a friendly and caring atmosphere and a dedicated team of wellqualified teachers. The the school enjoys a fantastic link to the nearby M27 and the local A roads. The school works closely with the local community and very closely with parents, encouraging them to get as involved as they can with their children s work. The school also benefits from having a new purpose built VLE system installed which is accessible by both staff and pupils. With approximately **** pupils on the register, the school works closely with the local primary schools to ensure the transition is as easy as possible on all local students.  Be UK qualified or hold a recognised teaching qualification;  Have previous experience of teaching English to KS**** within a secondary setting;  Hold a current and clear CRB;  Be available for face to face interview;  Be able to commit to the full duration of the contract In return we offer:  Competitive rates of pay;  A designated Key Coordinator;  Associated pay benefits, including a longer working day allowance, meal allowance and travel expenses;  Opportunities to aid your professional development. If this Maths teaching job in Hampshire sounds like a great opportunity, apply immediately