Title: Primary Teacher  Darlington
Webindex: 68683117
Company: Hays
Description: Are you a Primary Teacher that is currently looking for general supply work within the Durham and Darlington area? Hays Education are currently looking for Primary Teachers to provide general supply to schools for both day to day supply and long term posts in the Durham and Darlington area. Hays Education is currently looking for specialist supply teachers who can teach from EYFS to KS**** Hays Education works in partnership with a number of schools across Durham and Darlington to provide a high calibre of supply staff for sickness and course absences as well as longer term positions. As a qualified or newly qualified primary teacher you will be an excellent classroom practitioner who creates a stimulating and inspiring environment. You will understand different learning styles and have the ability to adapt planning to meet the need of all pupils. To successfully work as a primary teacher you must be able to demonstrate the following:  Hold a recognised primary teaching qualification  Has creative ideas to engage and challenge pupils  Has high expectations of pupil achievement and behaviour  Understands the importance of and promotes the principles of inclusion  The ability to work well as part of a team  A willingness to contribute to the ethos of the school  Is prepared to take a full, active part in all aspects of school life There are several benefits to working through Hays Education as a primary supply teacher, not only will you be rewarded with excellent daily rates  you will be paid to scale for longterm positions  you will benefit from having work in your local area and one point of contact. All schools working with Hays Education are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare and safety of children and young people and expects all staff to share this commitment. Hays Education will need to obtain suitable working references in relation to your reliability, professionalism and ability to perform this job. All applicants will be subject to full vetting in line with DfE guidelines to confirm suitability to work with children. If you are interested in working for a dedicated and professional agency with high standards of service to both teachers and schools please call Louise Tyldsley on **** **** or email your CV Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrimaryTeacherDarlington_job****