Title: Teacher of Religious Education
Webindex: 70761834
Company: TimePlan Education
Description: TimePlan Surrey has a unique opportunity for a Religious Education Teacher looking to extend and challenge themselves with a new R.E Teaching role for a temporary period with an immediate start. TimePlan are seeking an enthusiastic and dedicated R.E Teacher, looking for work in a highly regarded Redhill High School. Are you looking for an engaging and varied role in R.E Teaching in Surrey? If you are a passionate Teacher looking for a new R.E Teaching role in a highly successfully and friendly Secondary School in Surrey then we have the ideal opportunity for you The R.E Teaching role in Surrey is a great opportunity for a Religious Education Teacher looking to further refine and develop their skills in R.E teaching. If you are looking for an R.E Teaching position in Redhill then TimePlan has the perfect role for you To apply online for this R.E Teaching post visit (url removed) for the exciting new R.E Teacher position. Looking for a Religious Education Teaching opportunity in Redhill for the New Year? Then we have a job perfect for you This vibrant school in Surrey is seeking a Religious Education Teacher to start as soon as possible to provide cover for a maternity leave for up to a month. After this month the school will consider the applicant for a year long contract. Applicants must have recent experience working with secondary school aged students in R.E and ideally some experience teaching this up to ALevels though this is not necessary. If you are a caring and concise R.E Teacher looking to move into a new role in a great school, then what are you waiting for? Contact TimePlan for the R.E Teaching Vacancy in Redhill today TimePlan has a great teaching experience just waiting for the right R.E Teacher looking for some fantastic experience in a Redhill High School. The Religious Education Teaching vacancy in Surrey requires applicants willing to work with students undertaking their Religious Education studies from KS**** to ALevels. This school in Redhill has considerate class sizes and responsive pupils. The successful candidate for the R.E Teaching post will be required to apply a working knowledge and understanding of the principles of the R.E curriculum. The school in Surrey is accessible from all major transport links in Reigate, Guilford, Reading, Clapham Junction and East Croydon. The successful applicant needs to be a qualified R.E Teacher from the UK or abroad looking for the perfect R.E Teaching opportunity with an abundance of potential. Candidates must be available for an immediate start.  You must have recent experience providing quality Religious Education teaching and learning in the High School setting, ideally up to ALevels.  You must be a qualified R.E Teacher and competent in teaching and managing Secondary Schools aged pupils.  You will hold a current and clear CRB.  You will be available for a face to face registration interview at the TimePlan Surrey Office immediately and looking for a Teacher of R.E vacancy in Redhill. In return we can offer:  Competitive rates of pay;  A designated Key Coordinator;  Associated pay benefits, including a longer working day allowance, meal allowance and travel expenses;  Opportunities to enhance your professional development. If you are interested in applying for the R.E Teaching Position in Redhill please apply online at with the reference R.E Teaching role in Redhill or call Anna for the Surrey R.E Teacher Role with TimePlan on (Apply online only)