Title: NQT/QTS General Cover Teacher Gloucester
Webindex: 68705741
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: General Cover Teacher QTS / NQT Gloucester ****  **** Per day Supply/ Temporary A large good school in Gloucester requires an NQT/QTS General Cover Teacher to join them initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. The school is an exciting and rewarding place in which to learn and teach. Leadership and management are good and quickly address issues as they arise. Students are enthusiastic and behave with maturity. Constructive relationships are evident at all levels and students appreciate the teaching they receive. Teaching is supportive which actively encourages students to be confident in voicing their thoughts and to be interactive in the classroom. You will be required to teach a range of subjects up to Alevel to cater for the school's large Sixth Form. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this Secondary School you will be:  Prepared to commit to this fabulous supply opportunity initially on a day to day basis with a view to more longterm opportunities  A NQT or QTS Secondary Teacher  An enthusiastic and motivated individual able to make a real contribution at school level  Able to provide support to children with varying challenges in a creative and innovative way  Able to work as part of a team or on your own initiative At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated 'Secondary Consultant'  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  Wonderful facilities at school level  Opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. For further details about this role please contact Alex Champion or send your CV to alex.championcapita.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NQTQTSGeneralCoverTeacherGloucester_job****