Title: Employability Tutor  Welfare to Work
Webindex: 68704246
Company: Spirit Resourcing
Description: A large Training and Welfare to Work Services Provider seeks an Employability Tutor for their local office based in the centre of Bishop Auckland. You will work within a team delivering a contract that supplies employment support to unemployed people who are either being readied for work experience opportunities or for salaried employment. As the Employability Tutor you will play a key role in the Centre`s service delivery by working with colleagues, including Employment Advisors and Employer Liaison Consultants. You will be responsible for provision of group and onetoone employability training to customers who have been identified by your colleagues as requiring final training. Therefore, your role will be to work with customers who are wellprogressed in their employability training and are almost ready to begin attending interviews or work experience. In delivering Employability training you will cover areas such as CV writing and its use as a marketing tool, applying for vacancies, application forms, interview techniques, presentation tips and how to sell themselves effectively to prospective employers. You will also provide advice to customers individually and use your experience to help them identify and overcome any particular difficulties they may have. Additionally, you will give customers an idea of what to expect when on their work experience and how to maximise their experiences when doing so. The nature of your customers being almost ready will require you to select which areas of training are most suited to them in either onetoone or small group sessions, so the ability to engage with your learners is essential. To interview for this role you must have experience in the delivery of employability training and coaching services to groups of people as a Tutor or as an Employment Advisor and possess a teaching qualification with PTTLS as a minimum. Please note, this is an employability skills coach role and therefore you must have experience in the delivery of training to job seekers. This is a permanent post with an organisation offering 25 days annual leave rising to **** after 5 years` service, pension up to 7.5% employer contribution, life assurance, full expenses and further benefits. Please apply for more details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmployabilityTutorWelfaretoWork_job****