Title: English Teacher Required Urgently
Webindex: 71341039
Company: Vision Teaching
Description: A school based in Southgate, North London are currently recruiting for a English Teacher to start a full time contract with them soon as possible. As the school year is already in full swing the Headteacher is particularly looking for teachers with a big personality who will come in and ‘hit the ground running’. Teachers should therefore feel comfortable to pick up the curriculum and build an instant rapport with the students. All teacher candidates MUST hold a UK recognised teaching qualification and be able to commit to a full time position. The school has a car park available for staff, and is located within walking distance of the nearest tube station. If you would be interested in applying for this position please send your CV and contact details through ASAP. You will be initially invited to a registration at Vision Teaching’s office in Holborn, to provide references, CRB and registration documents. Your CV and details will them be sent to the school and hopefully an interview will be arranged. Applicants should hold a UK recognised teaching qualification such as a Bachelor of Education or a PGCE. UK trained candidates must hold Qualified Teacher Status, although NQT’s are welcome to apply. We have a variety of opportunities which are open to Overseas Trained Teachers, even without UK experience. Vision Teaching is a well recognised agency working with a large number of Primary & Secondary schools in around the London area. Candidates will be well looked after and will experience great customer service. If you are interested in this position, or would like to hear of other positions Vision Teaching has to offer please apply today by sending your CV and contact details through. A member of our resource team will contact you straight away to organise your file. Vision Teaching is committed to the safeguarding and welfare of children, candidates will be subject to a string of suitability and competency checks including an enhanced CRB disclosure issued within the last year and two satisfactory references.