Title: PE Teachers Required  Kent
Webindex: 72341969
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment Ltd
Description: Excellent PE Teaching Jobs in Meopham. Are you a specialist PE Teacher looking for 5 days a week supply in Meopham? Hays Education are currently looking for PE Teachers who are available 5 days a week to provide cover for both day to day supply and long term posts in the Meopham area. Hays Education is currently looking for specialist PE teachers who can teach PE within Secondary Schools 5 days a week. PE teaching jobs in Meopham could either be on a daily basis or as part of a longterm contract with flexible and competitive pay scales. In order to apply for this position, you must be available to teach Maths within Secondary Schools 5 days a week. Hays Education currently work with a number of Secondary Schools in Meopham. These schools provide a number of PE teaching jobs. Hays offers a bespoke supply teaching service so whether it is daily work, long term assignments, short contracts or permanent work we are confident we will be able to support you. To be considered for PE Teaching jobs in Meopham you must have: Recent experience of teaching PE within a Secondary School QTS A dedication to innovative and stimulating teaching methods A proven track record of classroom management Ability to work 5 days a week Not only will you receive all the support you need from a Department of Education accredited recruitment expert, while working for Hays you'll also enjoy a range of employee benefits, including: **** reward every time you recommend a colleague Access to free Professional Development Training Option to join our Guarantee Teacher Scheme Terms and conditions apply To find out more about this and other PE Teaching jobs in Meopham please contact Tamar Bannister on [contact details removed] or please apply and attach your C.V.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk