Title: English/SEN Teacher
Webindex: 71281666
Company: ITN Mark Education Cardiff
Description: ENGLISH/SEN TEACHER REQUIRED FOR A SECONDARY SCHOOL IN CAERPHILLY ITN Mark Education is working with a large Caerphilly school and URGENTLY require an English or SEN Teacher able to teach English to start immediately. The successful teacher will be able to demonstrate strong classroom management skills and have recent experience teaching either English or SEN pupils. The role works on a 2 week timetable, one week working 3 days the following 4 days, general cover is available to fill up the week.In return we offer a good rate of pay and the school offerS a supportive structure for their staff. The school does have a need for general cover too so there would be a real opportunity for you to become their first choice of supply when this term long plecement finishes. If you are an English or SEN Teacher able to teach English and looking for work in Caerphilly or happy to travel to Caerphilly please contact Blair urgently on [contact details removed] The successful candidate will offer: A UK recognised teaching qualification  Experience of Teaching English or SEN  Knowledge of the National Curriculum  Excellent organisational and time management skills  The ability to enjoy working as part of a team  The ability to interact effectively with colleagues, students and parents  The ability to recognise and exercise the use of good behaviour management NQT's are very welcome to apply and help with their Induction year will be provided. ITNMark Education offers highly competitive rates and experienced education consultants offering career guidance and support. ITNMark Education specialise in placing qualified teachers, nursery nurses and classroom assistants into day to day, short term, long term and permanent placements. We have a UKwide network of branches and our network also expands to our overseas offices which are located in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand and South Africa. To apply for this position in strict confidence, please apply online using the appropriate link below. Please send an uptodate copy of your CV to [contact details removed] or contact Blair on [contact details removed] . It would also be useful if you could send a cover letter outlining your specific job requirements. Only successful candidates will be contacted.ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.