Title: PPA Cover Teacher Required in Wolverhampton
Webindex: 70075224
Company: TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT
Description: Are you a committed and talented teacher, Do you have the ability to lead others and are looking to develop your teaching career? A very prestigious primary school situated in Wolverhampton is seeking to appoint an enthusiastic, talented and committed PPA cover teacher to cover a maternity leave from April 2013 until July 2013. You will have the opportunity of working in a friendly, supportive and vibrant environment. The school can offer a fully supportive working environment, where individual staffs are valued and their CPD is a priority. The children are delightful, parent's supportive, governors proactive, senior leadership team approachable and staff are eager to work together for the benefit of the children. The successful candidate will be an excellent, highly skilled classroom teacher with a proven track record and a passion for teaching and learning in all primary areas. Demonstrate the commitment and ability to achieve high standards of attainment for all pupils. Be innovative, creative and forward thinking. Have high expectations and the ability to inspire children. Be driven by a strong moral purpose to make a real difference on pupils. If you are interested in this role or any roles in Wolverhampton please apply today APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: You must have the legal right to work in the UK You must hold QTS or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualification This position is subject to an Enhanced CRB Disclosure, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) and professional reference checks Your CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and any employment breaks must be explained DISCLAIMER 'No terminology in the above advertisement is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Tradewind Recruitment is proud to be an Equal Opportunities Employer and accepts applications from all sections of the community.'