Title: B**** Fire Safety Engineer
Webindex: 70578346
Company: Health & Safety Laboratory
Description: Salary: **** **** Background: The Major Hazards Unit (MHU) provides experimental and technical expertise across the areas of explosive atmospheres, explosives, fire engineering, thermofluids, hazardous substances, consequence modelling, electrical and control instrumentation and process engineering. The Unit delivers cutting edge and challenging research for HSE, other government departments (OGDs), and multinational companies in e.g. the aerospace, oil/gas and nuclear sectors. Areas of research include: Emerging energy technologies Nuclear technologies and decommissioning. Carbon capture and sequestration. Composite materials. Security. Our large site and facilities enables us to uniquely undertake large scale experimental work, so we can take on new, challenging and interesting research work in these areas. In addition, we have provided the scientific expertise in almost all major incidents over the last twenty years such as Buncefield, Festival Fireworks, ICL Plastics and the Paddington train crash. Our staff form a key part of the investigative team, collecting evidence and undertaking research as required. Many staff in MHU have become internationally recognised experts in their areas, representing the UK at international levels, and have made, and will continue to make a real difference to the lives of millions of people around the world. About The Role: Responsibilities Contribute to the Unit's scientific strategy Ensure that HSL's fire research and testing capabilities remain at the cutting edge into the future Win, lead and deliver fire research and testing, specifically conducting large and smallscale experiments, data processing, data analysis and drafting customer reports, carrying out incident investigations and experimental work for HSE and a range of commercial clients, Responsibility for the development of technical expertise to advance the skills of the fire testing team Contribute to the effective, flexible and safe working of a dynamic, busy team environment To build a network of relevant contacts and relationships with a variety of customers, including HSE and other key organisations Person Requirements Relevant Experience required: Essential Good honours degree in chemistry/physics/engineering and/or higher degree in fire engineering or related subject. Desirable Membership of an appropriate professional institution, or the ability to apply; PhD in fire engineering You must be able to demonstrate: A strong technical background, with a sound knowledge of major accident fire hazards and the ability to provide immediate input to delivery of a large range of work and demanding external projects An understanding of physical and chemical processes relevant to industrial fires and fire testing and practical experience of designing and delivering firerelated research. The ability to analyse and solve practical problems individually Good oral and written communication and leadership skills to respond with the team, internal and external customers. Desirable Experience: Undertaking fire incident investigation and standard fire testing, especially in the aerospace sector. You must also be able to: Deliver quality and timely results, Analyses information effectively Leads and motivates by providing clear purpose and direction Builds and maintains a useful network of contacts To Apply Click 'Apply Online' below. Closing date is **** th February 2013.