Title: PMLD Teacher  Hounslow  January 2013
Webindex: 65033220
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: Are you a UK qualified teacher with PMLD experience? Experienced PMLD Teacher required  Hounslow Longterm or permanent contract  Immediate start Excellent SEN school Top rates of pay depending on experience Do you want to work in one of London's most prestigious SEN schools where you will teach motivated, studious and polite pupils from all corners of life? Due to promotion a position has arisen for an experienced PMLD teacher on a one year contract with the potential of a permanent contract. This is a mixed special school with student from the age of ****  **** Although the majority of the school is on the Autistic Spectrum disorder you will be required to teach a class of **** students who have Profound Multiple Learning Difficulties. The school is extremely well funded and you will have 2 experienced teaching assistants in the class who will be working ****:**** and in groups. The school has some of the best resources and facilities available at any SEN school. Couple this with a friendly, family atmosphere backed up with superb staff support and you really have an opportunity not to be missed. This could be a career changing experience and the school will only interview the best candidates. To be considered for this position please forward your CV to John at Career Teachers johnmccullaghcareerteachers.co.uk as soon as possible. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.