Title: Course Coordinator
Webindex: 71470397
Company: Enjoy Recruitment Group
Description: Course Coordinator required for our client based near Cheltenham. Salary: up to circa **** per annum (depending on experience) Hours: ****7 hours per week; Monday  Friday Minimum qualifications or skills: educated to Alevel standard or equivalent; NVQ 3 in Business Administration desirable but not essential; strong written and verbal communication skills; good Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, and Access skills; access to own transport due to the location of our client Work experience required: strong administration/project coordination skills through demonstrable officebased experience; strong attention to detail and the ability to manipulate data; experience in the education sector highly advantageous Out client is seeking an accurate, dedicated, and selfmotivated individual to undertake this new Course Coordinator opportunity. The role will involve providing reliable administration support and efficient customer service support for the office. Duties will include: responding to a large volume of queries via email; assisting with the organisation and marketing of training programmes and conferences, including the coordination of course material; liaising with various external education partners and exam boards; updating the access database and producing reports as required; filing, collating and organising mailshots; stationary/stockchecking and ordering; and answering all telephone calls that come into the office. Ideal candidates will have strong administration experience in the education sector, strong Microsoft Office skills, be accustomed to providing a quality customer service via email and telephone, and be happy to stepup as required to assist the smoothrunning of the office on a daytoday basis. Interested? Please email your CV now for consideration. We experience very high response rates to our vacancy advertisements. We do not however feel this is any excuse for not acknowledging your application and as part of our total candidate care initiative we will always endeavour to do so. If you have not heard from us **** working days from the date of your application please contact us for an explanation. Enjoy Recruitment Group acts as an employment agency and as an employment business as defined by the Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations **** Enjoy Recruitment Group is an equal opportunities employer and offers a free and confidential service to candidates.Enjoy Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.