Title: Electrical Instructor
Webindex: 69006123
Company: JJ FOX
Description: My Client is a Private Training Centre who has recently expanded their Training facilities. They have been awarded by GE Energy for 10 years of Service and Outstanding support. My Client is looking for an excellent Electrical Installation Instructor to deliver high quality training courses. You will join a team of specialists and experienced trainers with a strong industry background. You will help develop and provide tailored programmes that incorporate your own working practices. The candidate must be approachable, able to engage positively with all types of people and have a flexible approach. This person must be able to adapt well to change according to business needs and be positive with a can do attitude Qualifications and experience: Teaching certificate (Cert.ed /DTLLS / PGCE or equivalent) 17th Edition Relevant industry experience City City PAT Testing A1 Assessors Award City and Guilds **** Electrical Design and Verification Experience with oil, gas and Hazardous Areas (or be willing to learn) My Client offers a competitive salary which is negotiable depending on experience. There are permanent part time and full time hours available. Closing date for applications is Friday 1st February 2013. Please contact Alisha at jjFOX if you would like any further details. jjFOX is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff, applicants and clients to share this commitment. This role will involve work with under **** s or vulnerable adults. Any appointment will be made subject to strict vetting and screening checks and receipt of a satisfactory enhanced CRB check. jjFOX Limited acts as an Employment Agency (perm) and an Employment Business (temp/contract). Skills Electrical Installation, Trainer, , College, Further Education or Assessor or verifier or Part P or electrician or maintenance electrician or industrial electrician Mechanical Trainer or Mechanical Engineer