Title: Skills For Life Tutor (**** Hours)
Webindex: 66893534
Company: R3
Description: Skills for Life Tutor (Literacy and Numeracy) Swindon 25 hours per week  Permanent  Part Time ****k  ****k prorata Interviewing Now for a January/February start This is a part time vacancy  25 hours a week over 5 days  working hours are flexible and in line with your preferences. In this role you will be responsible for the successful delivery of both literacy and numeracy accredited qualifications that form part of the Further Education programme offer. Your role as Skills for Life Tutor you will carry out the initial assessment process with all potential learners. Using the Diagnostic Assessment material, assess levels of competency within literacy and numeracy. To obtain and record detailed information regarding the learners skills level, short, medium and longterm aims and use this to design and implement an Individual Learning Plan with each learner. You will regularly assess, monitor, review, evaluate and adjust the Individual Learning Plan when necessary, taking into account the new Basic Skills Infrastructure. Prepare and adapt teaching materials including handouts, assignments, booklists and assessment papers, to enable all learners to progress. Other responsibilities include, Create new learning material to meet the needs of the learner. Prepare Schemes of Work and Schemes of Assessment. Provide teaching and assessment opportunities in line with the relevant awarding body requirements to promote access to achievement. Produce and deliver appropriate individual and group exercises in order to achieve the Individual Training Plan. Assist learner to produce work, in accordance with City and Guilds Standards. Provide a supportive role and motivate learners to successfully overcome the barriers to gaining employment. Assist learners to realise life and employability goals. Build up communications with learners, take a helpful and positive approach with a caring and considerate manner. Participate in training sessions and meetings internal and external when required to do so. You will be a qualified and experienced Skills for Life Tutor working towards a level 4 subject specialist teaching qualification in literacy or numeracy. You will already have Literacy/Numeracy skills at level 2. Have experience of conducting initial and diagnostic assessments, analysing results and producing individual learning plans, specific to the learners needs Experience of working within and understanding of the Awarding Body requirements for the delivery of adult national qualifications at entry level 1, **** and level 1, 2 Experience of managing and teaching numeracy and or literacy in group and one to one settings Ability to review and give open and constructive feedback to learners on their Performance Ability to converse with people of ranging abilities/backgrounds Experience of accreditation, moderation, understanding of overcoming barriers and assisting learners to achieve Computer literate Excellent communication skills particularly writing and presentation skills. We are committed to giving for full free preinterview advice and guidance right throughout the interview process. To apply for this role please email your cv to Tina Lacey / Liz Chadwick at R**** Welfare and Skills