Title: Recruitment/Employer Engagement Consultant
Webindex: 69869206
Description: A leading public training provider is looking for a Recruitment / Employer Engagement Consultant for a job in their Leeds office. This organisation is a successful provider of welfare to work and employment support, training education and advice. A key focus for this client is effective delivery of the Work Programme, which is concerned with helping people into sustainable employment. We are now looking to recruit a target driven individual to generate a wide range of placement and vacancy opportunities for the **** customer groups accessing the Work Programme. This is a full time permanent role. You will be reporting into the Regional Manager. The main focus of the employer engagement consultant is to attract business from client companies (employers) using sales, business development, marketing techniques and networking skills and to develop a good understanding of client (employer) companies, their industry, what they do as well their work culture, values, Social Corporate Responsibilities and environment. For this Employer Engagement job in Leeds you will need to have a proven sales, business development or recruitment track record, excellent knowledge of the recruitment process, excellent knowledge of local labour market needs, excellent knowledge of the Welfare to Work Agenda, excellent communication skills at all levels, strong influencing and negotiation skills, significant experience of customer service within Welfare to Work / Recruitment is desirable . For your commitment to the role you will receive a salary of between ******** , childcare vouchers, 25 days holiday, in addition you can access a Flexible Holiday Scheme which gives you the option to buy or sell 5 days additional holiday per year to suit you, ongoing training, cycle to work scheme, holiday club with discounted holidays, discounted gym membership, pension scheme contributory with an employer match and a lift share scheme. Apply now, or contact us for further information on this role or similar positions.