Title: Senior Science Teacher
Webindex: 68542079
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: Lead Science Teacher  East London  April 2013 (or sooner)  Permanent  Lead Science Teacher  Open to Biology, Physics and Chemistry specialism's at Alevel  Permanent role at an 'Outstanding' Ofsted school  Hackney, East London  7****% AC at GCSE (2012)  Excellent support and happy staff/students Required for 2013; Are you an experienced science teacher who is able to lead in their speciality and is looking to join a well run, progressive school from in 2013? Would you like to work in a school where the opportunity exists to develop your career following a path that best suits you? In **** this large failing school became one of Hackneys first Academy schools. Its remit was clear and simple: to provide each student with an excellent standard of education. By 2010 it was awarded its first ever 'Outstanding' in recognition of the excellent results at KS**** & 5 plus the fantastic level of teaching. From January 2013 they are looking to continue their development by employing a lead science teacher to help support the head of department and second in charge. The science department consist of **** full time teachers and last year was responsible for 69% AC grades at GCSE in which was one of the weakest subjects at the school. The head of department is dynamic and has been in place for 3 years. Supported by his excellent second in charge there is a clear plan for further improvement within the department. The school are looking to appoint a teacher who can consistently produce good or better lessons that engage their pupils and inspire independent learning. They are also looking for someone who has excellent presence within the classroom, as although the students are generally well behaved they come from challenging backgrounds and require management. The school is offering the post during 2013 but they can wait for the right candidate. Applicants must be fully qualified teachers and hold suitably recognised teaching qualifications as well as recent and relevant teaching experience. All candidates must also hold the right to work within the UK in a full time post. For further details please contact Wayne at Career Teachers: **** **** **** or email waynecareerteachers.co.uk Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.