Title: Nursery Team Leader
Webindex: 66645648
Company: Class Recruitment
Description: Are you looking for a new challenge? We have a Nursery Team Leaders Job in Bath. Are you a passionate, talented childcare professional with strong leadership qualities; vision and the desire to make a difference then come and join this award winning, employee owned childcare company We are currently recruiting for a fixed term Team Leader to join a Day Nursery in Bath. As a fixed term Team Leader you will be expected to motivate and lead your teams to achieve Outstanding practice, whilst working very closely with the Nursery Manager and Deputy to ensure that effective daily management of the nursery. The role of a Team Leader can be challenging as the nursery strive for outstanding care and education of our children, however you will be rewarded well through all of the incentives and benefits that we offer all of our people. You should have a NVQ Level 3 in Childcare or equivalent, Early Years Professionals (EYPS) would also be considered, for this role and previous experience with under ****'s is desirable. This position will primarily be room based and you will be expected to: Role model Outstanding Practice within your base rooms, mentoring and guiding your teams to deliver outstanding care and practice at all times. Ensure that all members of your team are treating every child as an individual and their personal development needs are being met, in line with the EYFS and the nurseries approach. Oversee your teams planning and ensuring that the children's development records are up to date and fully reflect their individual progress. Develop excellent Parent Partnerships, to ensure a high level of customer care at all times, through contributing to events such as steering groups, charity fundraising, stay and play events, parents evenings, settling in sessions and much more. Oversee settling in sessions and transitions through the nursery and externally and ensure that each child is carefully considered and they are all communicated well with all parties involved. Be involved in recruitment campaigns at the Nursery, which may include interviewing, inductions and mentoring new staff. Support the Management Team in dealing with any investigations, disciplinaries and absence management concerns, in line with Company Policy. Assist with the daily management of the Nursery in accordance with Company Policy, with a particular focus on Health and Safety and in line with Ofsted's requirements ensuring that all required standards, ratios and conditions of registration are maintained at all times. Work with the Nursery Manager and Deputy to ensure sound financial sustainability of the nursery, including marketing, parent show rounds, waiting list management and monitoring staffing levels. Embrace and promote the nursery as an employee owned company to all employees and visitors and to ensure that employee ownership is considered and embedded in all tasks. In return you will receive Salary **** to **** depending on previous experience 28 days holiday Ongoing training For more information about this position please email your cv and covering letter alternatively please contact Karen on **** **** ****