Title: Experienced Teaching Assistant, Sheldon
Webindex: 71288433
Company: Aspire People
Description: Experienced Teaching Assistant NVQ/ CACHE Level 3 **** Per Day Sheldon, South Birmingham Do you have recent experience working as a Teaching Assistant? Are you an NVQ Level 3 Qualified? Are you looking for work with local primary schools in the Sheldon Area? Aspire People are currently looking for experienced KS**** and KS**** teaching assistants to work within local primary schools in Sheldon. If you are currently looking for a position as a Teaching Assistant in your local area and would you like the flexibility to work on a day to day basis between **** to 5 days a week, or for a long term position, then we are eager to speak to you. If so, we can help.  You must have an NVQ Level 3  You must have at least 6 months experience working in schools  An enthusiastic, wellmotivated and talented classroom practitioner  Ideally situated in the South Birmingham Area.  An ability to inspire children, staff and parents alike  Excellent knowledge of the National Curriculum  A friendly caring nature  The capacity to identify and target specific, individual needs  Keen to learn and develop professionally  Can create an environment that nurtures and stimulates positive attitudes, independence and an innovative approach to facilitating learning and teaching At Aspire People Ltd we believe that our candidates' needs are of paramount importance. We offer you the choice to work at a variety of schools within your area on the days that you want to work. We offer competitive rates of pay and the support of your own experienced, trained and dedicated consultant. We pride ourselves in listening to you and understanding your strengths and requirements so as we can work with them in order to secure the most suitable position. So, if you are an experienced Teaching Assistant and would like to take advantage of the exciting opportunities which we can offer, please contact us as soon as possible so we can discuss the opportunities open to you. All candidates are subject to List **** checks, must provide a recent Criminal records Bureau check and also be able to provide two references from each of their last two teaching posts. Aspire People are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from NQT's , TA's and fully qualified teachers. As long as you have a real passion for teaching and for inspiring the youth of today, you can communicate well with your consultant and go that extra mile for all of our clients we could have the ideal solution for you Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Criminal Records Bureau.