Title: Key Stage **** Teaching Job in Southwark
Webindex: 70761289
Company: Academics Ltd
Description: Year **** Teaching Job Southwark Location Two Term Supply Cover Rapidly Improving School NQTs Welcome to Apply Immediate Start Are you an experienced Key Stage 2 teacher with QTS who can get the best out of children from challenging backgrounds? Could you hit the ground running with a new class and fit in well into an established but friendly team at a successful two form entry primary school? My client is a heavily oversubscribed two form entry primary school the London borough of Southwark which has been recognized as one of the most improved schools in South London. The school catchment area covers an area that is quite deprived and has a large percentage of ethnic minorities. As a result the school has a highly multicultural mix and a large proportion of pupils are EAL, the provision for EAL in the school is very good and the successful applicant would have plenty of support both inside and outside the classroom. Classroom management is an issue as some pupils can be disruptive and as a result my client is seeking someone with a range of strategies to keep pupils behavior on track and the class on task. SEN provision in the school is good but the senior management team have earmarked it as an area for improvement. Throughout the coming year there will be significant investment in this aspect of the schools educational provision. Pupils do enjoy being at the school and parents on the whole are responsive and supportive of the school. Morale amongst the staff is high as recent OFSTED results have quantified the improvements that have been made at the school in recent years. Employees also commented on the schools long term vision with respect to their staff as the senior management team seek to encourage staff to take their CPD seriously and support them to improve as teachers. As a result staff turnover is lower than the average for the borough. The Head Teacher has indicated to me that this role would not be suitable for NQT?s but that OTT applicants who have gained their QTS would be considered. Interviews will be conducted straight after half term so applicants must apply NOW. To apply, please email your CV to Academics today