Title: EAL Teacher required in Forest Gate
Webindex: 66507598
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: One of my top schools in Forest gate are urgently looking for an experienced EAL (English as additional language) teacher to start ASAP. The post would be to work with multiple year groups and would continue until July 2013. The school was built in the early ****s and provides a pleasant learning environment. Much work has been done over the past few years to improve the school building. As well as establishing the Foundation suite, we have a new computer room and school library, and the playground has been renovated; the school office and main entrance have been resited to provide greater security; and they have new windows, boundary fence, roofs and electrical wiring. In line with Newham policy, we are an inclusive school, which means that we admit children of a wide range of abilities, including those with learning difficulties. Also, our school population represents a wide range of ethnicities, cultures and religions: this supports children to become knowledgeable about and tolerant of each other. Please let me know asap if you're interested as I will have to get you registered and in for an interview as soon as possible. Thank you. YOU MUST HAVE QTS. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.