Title: SPECIALIST SPEECH AND LANGUAGE THERAPIST
Webindex: 69770829
Company: SCJ Consulting ltd.
Description: PART TIME SPECIALIST SPEECH AND LANGUAGE THERAPIST (Band 5 or ****)  TO COVER MATERNITY COVER FOR ONE YEAR (**** days per week) Start date: February 2013 Are you looking for an opportunity to join a wellestablished and highly successful department working with secondary aged students with specific language impairment? “For those in the specialist speech and language unit, achievement is outstanding because of the quality and effectiveness of the support that they receive as well as the rigour with which their progress is monitored.” – Ofsted June 20****. This could not be a more exciting time to consider joining Greenshaw High School. The school is a highly over subscribed comprehensive school in Sutton and has won a variety of national awards for its success over the last few years. We never stand still and are always looking for outstanding people and ways to improve and develop the opportunities for our young people. We are looking for a therapist who has experience of working with young people, interested in working in a strong specialist team to assess and support pupils both in the Speech & Language Department and mainstream school. Greenshaw offers a supportive environment for trialling and developing new and innovative ways of working. Therapists are involved in a range of activities and are integral members of the school community. It is not essential that you have had school experience. You will be joining a very supportive and friendly team who take pride in knowing their students and setting the right individual therapy plans for each of them. We currently have 23 students I the Speech and Language department and 12 mainstream students receiving therapy. We have a strong commitment to personal and professional development for all staff and we would provide opportunities for an enthusiastic person to develop into this role. We have close links with ICAN and Meath School who provide professional supervision and support to ensure the continued success and development of the provision. We encourage and welcome discussions or visits with interested candidates. If you are interested then please contact Sian James on [contact details removed] or on [contact details removed] The Closing date for applications is 4thFebruary 2013.