Title: Guaranteed Primary Teacher Work  Kingston
Webindex: 68027691
Company: Capita Education
Description: Guaranteed Primary Teacher Work  Kingston Ca pita Education are seeking applications from fantastic teachers for Primary teaching work at school in Kingston. Ca pita Education is currently working with a number of 'Outstanding' and 'Good' schools with vibrant, forward looking internal communities in this area. If you have the skills to engage young minds, we can set you up with both daily supply and long term roles. There is a huge demand in this area at the moment, so we can guarantee you very regular work. If you're a NQT these placements are fantastic to help you choose the type of school you want to work in or possibly help you secure a permanent role within the school. The ideal candidates need to be experienced in teaching across the Key Stage Two framework, as well as being flexible and inclusive educators with expert behaviour management skills. Candidates should also possess strong communication skills as some pupils have English as a second language. In return, Ca pita can offer the following:  Fantastic pay rates  Guaranteed more takehome pay with our Payroll provider  Social evenings and events  great networking potential  Dedicated, personalised support from an experienced consultant who has in depth knowledge from personal experience working in education (Also in supply work)  Continuous Professional Development (Including areas such as behavioural management)  Huge school network, owing to the size of Ca pita Education Resourcing If you are interested, please send me a copy of your CV as soon as possible. tristan.bayliscapita.co.uk Ca pita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Ca pita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on a basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone.