Title: Graduate Primary Teaching Assistant
Webindex: 64214343
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: Are you a Graduate looking to start your PGCE in September 20****3? Do you need school based experience to support and boost your application? Are you looking to move into the field of Primary School Teaching? Would you like to work as a Teaching Assistant at an ?Outstanding? Ofsted 20****1 Primary School? This Teaching Assistant Role within a Birmingham Primary School could be for you? Teaching Assistant ? Fantastic Graduate opportunity ?Outstanding? Ofsted 2011 Primary School Immediate Start Full Time Contract till August 2013 **** per day Erdington, Birmingham Ideal post for those wanting to move into teaching, who need experience in schools. This large, recently modernised Primary School are looking for a Graduate to take on full time, long term Teaching Assistant position, starting as soon as possible for the remainder of the academic year, finishing in August 2013. The school has previously utilised Graduates keen to gain Primary School experience prior to commencing their PGCE with great effect, benefiting both the school and ultimately the Graduates career development. This is a fantastic opportunity to work as a Teaching Assistant and learn from the best As the successful Teaching Assistant, you will find yourself working across the Key Stages during the course of the week, providing support to class teachers, predominantly working with low ability pupils in the fields of numeracy and literacy, both in small groups and on a 1:1 basis. As the school have previously had Graduates as part of their team, a development programme has been put into place, which will provide you with support and guidance and help you flourish in your role as a Teaching Assistant. As a member of staff at the school, you will be provided with a personal development plan and the school take a keen interest in supporting and helping all of their members of staff develop and achieve their goals. My client provides a warm and friendly atmosphere within which their pupils thrive, and staff are given excellent support by the Senior Management Team. The schools most recent Ofsted inspection in 2011 deemed them as ?Outstanding, and the Headteacher and Governors plan to recruit a Teaching Assistant, who will match their standards. The school can be found in the heart of Erdington and is a short **** minuet walk from the train station, but there are also many bus stops surrounding the school in which they buses go in several directions, making it extremely easy to commute to. The school will also the successful Teaching Assistant an onsite car parking space, should you drive. So you do not miss out on this excellent opportunity, please send your CV and covering letter to Alfie  Edustaff today to avoid disappointment. Please note, only successful Graduates will be contacted.