Title: Looking for supply teaching work? We can help
Webindex: 71448838
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: Are you an NQT about who has just completed your training(PGCE, B.Ed, GTP etc)? Maybe you are an experienced teacher seeking the flexibility of supply teaching? We can help you with supply work in some GREAT schools in North London. This is an opportunity to teach in different schools in north London. NQTs in the past tell us that they have found the time useful to have a look at schools and to draw up a list that they would like to consider for long term roles. It is also a good opportunity for Head Teachers to see you at work and in the past, this has often led to offers for long term opportunities. You should also be able to meet the following criteria:  A qualified teacher  Hold a valid UK enhanced CRB.  Be able to provide up to date references  Be adaptable and flexible in your approach and outlook. If you can answer yes to all of the above, please get in touch Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.