Title: Relief Assistant Community Learning Facilitators
Webindex: 57273043
Company: MacIntyre
Description: Could you inspire a young person to learn? Do you believe that education is not limited to a class or school room setting? If so, we would like to hear from you. No Limits is an exciting educational project, which provides support and learning services to young people with a range of needs including learning disabilities and emotional or behavioural, where education within a traditional school or college environment is not the best option for the individual young person. As a Relief Assistant Community Learning Facilitator you will work as part of our Relief team meaning you will be offered shifts and opportunities to work on an ad hoc basis (i.e. to cover holiday or sickness). You will work in a small team, as and when required, to deliver a tailored and integrated learning and support programmes, personalised to the needs of each individual. The people we support will be working towards set objectives based on communication, community engagement and social skills. The young people we support enjoy a variety of things including physical activity, exploring the outdoors and being part of the local community; you will need to be enthusiastic and prepared to get involved in a full range of busy and diverse learning activities. Experience of working with people with Autistic Spectrum Conditions is beneficial but not essential as we provide full training. However, it is essential that you understand and demonstrate a proactive, confident and flexible approach to work, which will involve some evenings and weekends. A full UK driving licence is also essential as you will be expected to drive to meet learners in a variety of locations. This opportunity would provide valuable experiences in the area of Psychology, Learning Disability Nursing, and other Health and Social Care field based degrees and courses or be a good option for existing professionals looking for a new challenge or to supplement an existing income. For an application form please contact the recruitment team MacIntyre offer a range of benefits including 33 days annual leave rising with service and a generous contributory pension plan. Closing date: 6th February 2013