Title: Motivated Boys PE NQT/QTS required for Immediate Start in Warwickshire
Webindex: 69005424
Company: TeacherActive
Description: TeacherActive is looking to recruit an NQT/QTS Boys PE to cover a temporary teaching job in a school in Warwickshire starting immediately. My client is a wellestablished, forward thinking school, which maintains high educational standards and high standards of discipline. With outstanding facilities and an excellent reputation, this Warwickshire school consistently achieves good GCSE exam results and is committed to helping its pupils develop confidence and selfesteem. The ideal candidate for this teaching post in Warwickshire will have/be;  Qualified Teacher of Boys PE to KS**** (UK QTS) with at least 6 months UK experience  Excellent lesson planning and preparation  Excellent classroom management  A genuine passion for teaching PE As a member of the TeacherActive supply team you should expect to enjoy the following benefits:  Market leading daily rates of pay.  Ability to claim back expenses incurred through working.  Enhanced CRB Disclosure at discounted rates, refundable after 10 days.  Years of experience and knowledge of the education industry.  Unrivalled service from a dedicated team of consultants.  An amazing referral scheme, with the opportunity. To apply, contact us now on (Apply online only); or email your CV to All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service  and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services