Title: DL Kids Assistant/Coach
Webindex: 69960977
Company: David Lloyd
Description: Our DL Kids Assistant/Coaches support the Children's Activity programme delivery at the club including; core club programme, holiday active programmes and children's parties and events. They play a major part in delivering the David Lloyd Kids programme in line with Product Briefs, Lesson Plans and Templates. Compliance with the Children's Safety Guide and Brand Standards are a priority. What do I need to be aware of? (Job Specifics/Context/Job Purpose): To support the Children’s Activity Coordinator specifically in the delivery of the children’s activity programme at the club including: core club programme, holiday active programmes and children’s parties and events. To deliver the David Lloyd Kids programme in line with Product Briefs, Lesson Plans and Templates including Club Play, Club Active, Holiday Active and Children’s Parties and events. At all times ensure the children’s activities comply with brand standards. Ensure that all requirements of the Children’s Safety Guide are adhered to and ensure the needs of the children are a priority in line with the Guide. As part of the club team ensure that you support the clubs work in member satisfaction and member count growth by ensuring the children’s programme matches the needs of your family members in terms of activities on offer, coach expertise and session delivery consistency. I need to: Contribute to the achievement of the club’s profit loss performance. Proactively contribute to the club ‘Annual Operating Plan’, making recommendations that will ultimately deliver the club’s targets. Ensure that I maximise value for money for members, grow sales, drive retention and reduce attrition through the key tasks of member engagement, enhancing brand standards and member participation. Ensure that I contribute to the open and close duties required for the club to operate. Ensure that I deliver the David Lloyd Leisure Brand Standards. With my people/team I need to: Recruit and develop team members to the DLL standard (expertise, skills and values driven behaviour). Be a role model for and lead and inspire my team to successfully perform and exceed against the business goals. Let them know how they are performing by carrying out regular one to ones and formal Performance and Development Reviews. Ensure that my team are really clear on our performance standards and I know how to get the best out of each of them. Always listen, understand, reflect and then act. Ensure that my team have the knowledge, experience and understanding of the products and services and know how to deliver our member experience. Demonstrate growth in our people by developing their competence and capabilities and capture within their Personal Development Plans. Value and recognise my team appropriately. Proactively develop the strengths and talent, towards future succession. Ensure that you look after the children with absolute diligence and compliance to our Health Safety requirements and standards of care. You are responsible and accountable for your actions. With my members I need to: Support the Children’s Activity Coordinator interacting and communicating with members and actively promoting ways to add value to the David Lloyd Kids service offering. Ensuring that complaints are responded to effectively in the club – channels of communication include (but are not exclusive to) comment cards, members survey, mystery members, member forums and sales membership team. Ensure that I deliver a great service to all our members and that you strive to improve member engagement. Work with the reception team to ensure that the reception team book David Lloyds products, courses and classes compliant to the bookings policy. Ensure that the areas used by children are maintained to the highest standards. How will I know I’ve been successful? Growth and retention of members that are families with children Member Focus. Achievement of targets for Children’s Parties and Events Member Focus/Excellence. Achievement of targets for Holiday active Excellence. Participation of David Lloyd Kids Programme Member Focus. Family ‘Maximise Your Membership’ attendance Member Focus.