Title: SEN Teacher needed in North London
Webindex: 69004589
Company: Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: This EBD special school located in the heart of St Albans (Hertfordshire) requires a strong minded teacher who has a passion for inspiring and motivating disaffected and vulnerable young people. You must be an experienced teacher that has previously worked within a Pupil Referral Unit or EBD setting with Key Stage 2 pupils. working ****:**** and in small groups with very challenging EBD students. This is an EBD Teaching role that will start ASAP for a long term basis. The school would like to like someone who specialises in English and Maths KS2 and KS**** The school supports both high and low functioning children. For this position you must have the following, Literacy & Numeracy specialist Teacher EBD Teacher to work with Challenging Students Long Term to Permanent Vacancy Specialist EBD (Emotional & Behavioural Difficulties) School Ideal for an experienced Teacher with PRU experience QTS Primary qualified This highly successful EBD (Emotional & Behavioural Difficulties) is an ideal role and opportunity to work in an SEN EBD environment which has an enviable reputation for excellence in this area. You will relish working with an excellent team of specialist teachers (including behaviour support) and LSAs who are committed to raising achievement. This role is ideal for an experienced KS2 Teacher who has the experience of working within a special or mainstream school. As you will be working with very challenging students you will possess outstanding interpersonal skills, be sensitive towards the students needs with a determination to nurture enjoyment and success for the students whilst expanding their education horizons. The school has tailor made learning programmes for the individual students. You will assist with the delivery of these individualised programmes enabling students to access the National Curriculum and promote the schools commitment to inclusive education. You will be an effective communicator liaising with staff, parents and external agencies. This is a challenging yet rewarding role and will suit the right person with the right temperament and skill in handling EBD students. Must have UK experience. If interested in this position then send CVs to Lara at Remedy Education