Title: EYFS Leader
Webindex: 69219995
Company: Edustaff
Description: Early Years Phase Leader ? Enfield, North London ? April or September 20****3 ? MPS/UPS plus TLR Are you a current EYFS leader looking for a new role? Or maybe you are experienced EYFS practitioner who is looking for the next step in your career? Would you like to work in an Early Years setting that Ofsted recently described as ?outstanding with the potential for further development?? Either way you will be looking for a new challenge in one of the boroughs most transformed schools that is going from strength to strength so please read on?? EYFS Coordinator for a ?Good? two form entry Primary School Located in the Outer London Borough of Enfield (easily reached via public transport) Permanent role with TLR ? April or September 2013 School in the top 20 of London?s most improved schools Two form entry in size, this Enfield based Primary school has over the past five years been on a mission of improvement which has seen the school rated as ?Good? under the new Ofsted framework. The school has been rated outstanding in its Early Years and due to an internal promotion will be requiring a new EYFS coordinator from either April or September 2013. The school has been through a lot of change. The focus has been on the improvement of teaching & learning throughout the school to raise attainment at all key stages. Pupils at the school come in at a lower than average starting point and the school works hard to readdress the balance. More improvement needs to take place in KS2 but both EYFS and KS1 have been rated as outstanding during an Ofsted visit that took place in 2012. The school has strong leadership with a clear path of improvement mapped out that should ensure the school continues to improve. Teachers at the school are committed and hard working. They have an excellent balance of being able to create creative lessons that hold on to structure and ensure progression. The school is committed to CPD and career progression (hence the current EYFS being promoted to an Assistant Head) and rewards all its staff based on performance. If this sounds like the sort of school you would like to be a part of please email your CV and contact details to Adrian at Edustaff today