Title: Head of Early Years Practice
Webindex: 67366698
Company: Seymour House Day Nursery Schools
Description: The successful candidate will work as part of a dual leadership management structure within one of our nurseries in South East Essex. Dual leadership is an innovative approach to nursery management and this role will work in partnership with the Nursery Manager. This enables us to place exceptional focus on the educational aspects as well as the day to day running of our nurseries. We offer excellent training and development opportunities to all of our staff. Requirements of role Educated to Degree level in Early Years/QTS, or hold a level 3 qualification in Early Years alongside degree level in another subject Passionate about providing the best standard of care and education Duties Include: The role is to provide professional leadership to the nursery, as part of a dual leadership structure. The successful candidate will make sure the setting complies with regulatory requirements and to ensure the highest standard of care and education is delivered. Maintain positive links and effectively promote the facility within the local community. Lead the planning, monitoring and evaluation for the nursery. Ensure the nursery meets the requirements of the Early Years Foundation Stage and OFSTED registration and inspection criteria. Maintain close liaison with other Seymour House locations and engage actively with local schools and Early Years Settings. Promote and facilitate multiagency working with the area SENCO, health professionals and advisory bodies. Promote equality of opportunity and positive behaviour management strategies. Set a visible leadership example to staff, children and their families, and the wider community. Motivate and lead a team of early year s practitioners in the delivery of best possible practice to meet the needs of parents, children and families. Work in partnership with the Nursery Manager in the recruitment and selection of staff Complete annual performance and development reviews in partnership with the Nursery Manager. Provide initial induction, support and assessments for new employees. To provide induction and ongoing training by way of mentoring, presentations and team meetings. To identify training needs within the team and then plan and facilitate their professional development in order to further develop service. Provide support to students completing training placements within the setting. Manage the purchase of resources and equipment within a given budget. Support the Nursery Manager in deploying people and resources efficiently and effectively. Ensure efficient and effective purchase and use of available resources reflecting diversity. To ensure the premises, garden and equipment are well maintained and meet Health and Safety/Early Year s Foundation Stage requirements. Ensure the catering facilities meet the children s individual dietary needs and comply with food safety standards. Seymour House is committed to safeguarding children and expects all staff to share this commitment. We follow safer recruitment practices to protect children. The successful applicant will be subject to an enhanced DBS check. For further information and to apply online please click on the Apply Now button