Title: Primary School Need Teachers With SEN Experience In London
Webindex: 72117474
Company: Sugarman Medical
Description: Great Primary School requires enthusiastic teachers with SEN experience. The pupils at the school in London are Primary age. They have a range of special needs including Autism/severe learning needs, PMLD and EBD. You must be interested in SEN, if not relevant experienced and the ability to remain calm and focused in very challenging but rewarding settings. Knowledge of PECS, TEACCH, MAKATON, TEAM TEACH, Positive Handling or other SEN programmes would be an advantage but not essential. The post is until the end of the academic year and will be to start ASAP. Applicants must have previous experience of Special needs care/support You must have at least 6 weeks experience within an SEN department and have a current CRB. Please Send CV Asap. Sugarman Education Provide A Dedicated And Committed Service To Candidates. Our Objective Is To Be An Equal Opportunities Employer And We Welcome Applications From Everyone With Suitable Skills And Ability Regardless Of Race, Colour, Nationality, Ethnic Or National Origin, Gender, Disability, Sexual Orientation, Age, Religion Or Belief. All Applications Will Be Accepted And Reviewed Solely On Merit. Sugarman Education Is Committed To Safeguarding And Promoting The Welfare Of Children And Young People. All Posts Are Subject To An Enhanced CRB Check And Referencing. A successful, well run Primary School in West London is urgently looking for an exceptional Learning Support Assistant. The position is to support students with various needs such asADHA, Moderate Learning Difficulties, Autism and EBD. I have worked closely with this School over the last few years and I know they are very supportive of new staff, and have a great work ethic at the school. This role is full time, to start immediately and run straight through to July with a view to carrying on the position into September. Experienced Teaching Assistants Required For A Central London Borough LEA To Work In A Number Of Provisions For All Aged SEN Pupils. The Needs Of Pupils Range Across The Spectrum From Very Moderate Learning Difficulties To Severe And Complex, Profound And Multiple Difficulties, Sensory Impairments, Challenging Behaviours And Children On The Autistic Spectrum