Title: P/T SEN Assessment Review Officer  Assessment Review Team
Webindex: 67231750
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: P/T SEN Assessment Review Officer  Assessment Review Team Reference no: Barnsley **** [Whereas not specified, please bear in mind that you may need to have a DBS/CRB disclosure in place due to the nature of this role] [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: S**** 2 What s involved with this role: To implement the statutory assessment process for Special Educational Needs on behalf of the Local Authority for those pupils for whom it is deemed appropriate. This will require using advanced theoretical, practical and procedural knowledge across the specialist area of SEN and Disability along with detailed knowledge of associated organisational policies, practices and procedures for that and other related specialist areas. To implement National SEN legislation and guidance within the local context. To implement the appropriate statutory procedures regarding Special Educational Needs. To represent the LA on any case in which an appeal is lodged and is appearing at SEN and Disability Tribunal. Specific to this order: This placement is to assist the SEN Assessment Review Service to carry out its statutory responsibilities in relation to statutory assessments of SEN and maintenance of Statements of SEN through the annual review process. This temporary additional work is scheduled until the end of March (when it will be reviewed) and is for 2 days per week (negotiable)and for a period of **** hours **** mins per day. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of 12 months recent SEN Assessment and Review experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Enhanced DBS/CRB check in place [ Disclosure no. Issue date required ] [but see above] Proven qualified teacher with an extensive knowledge in the field of special educational needs and the SEN Code of Practice Demonstrable experience of working within the LA's Capita recording system Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Safeguarding, Health Social Care/SEN Assessment Review Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 23 months. Hours per week: 15 days and working hours tbc Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited