Title: Nursery Practitioner L****  OOC****
Webindex: 68239749
Company: www.essex eyjobs.co.uk
Description: To apply for this position please visit www.essexeyjobs.co.uk We are looking for a part time/full time qualified member of staff (Level 3 or above) to join our current team. The hours of work range between part time hours and full time hours and we are open between 8.00am and 6.00pm. We are also looking for a Nursery Practitioner for our Rayleigh branch. Responsibilities: Support all staff and engage in a good staff team. To provide a high standard of physical, emotional, social and intellectual care for children placed in the nursery. To give support to other personnel within the nursery. To be involved in out of working hours activities eg room and whole staff meetings, christmas party and parents evening To be flexible within working practices of the nursery. Be prepared to help where needed, including to undertake domestic jobs within the nursery, eg, preparation of snack, meals, cleansing of equipment, changing mats, toilets etc. Work alongside the manager and staff team to ensure best practice at all times Following procedures, for example, reporting safeguarding issues immediatley or recording accidents in the accident book and informing the office. To respect the confidentiality of the nursery at all times. To attend regular inhouse and external training and implement change as a result of new knowledge. To ensure the provision of a high quality environment to meet the needs of all individual children, respecting different cultures and religious backgrounds and stages of development. To be aware of the high profile of the nursery and to uphold its standards at all times. Qualifications Skills: Level 3 in Early Years and Childcare (or equivalent) is essential. Demonstrate knowledge, understanding and implement the principles and requirements of the EYFS 2012, including the learning and development and safeguarding and welfare requirements so that children receive a high standard of care and early education. Experience in a similar role is essential. Additional Information: All candidates will be subject to an enhanced DBS check (former CRB check) and at least two references.