Title: Secondary School Cover Supervisor  for Schools in Lewisham
Webindex: 71867317
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description:  Cover Supervisor  Experienced professional with some teaching experience  Opportunities in secondary schools in Lewisham, London  Flexible working, daily supply  Local work We are seeking professionals who have some knowledge of or experience of working in a school. Career Teachers currently provide staff to schools in London and Kent. We are currently recruiting for Cover Supervisors to work in Secondary school in Lewisham.The role available is that of cover supervisor, so will be required to supervise students in a classroom setting. The work is set and will be provided, your responsibility is to ensure that students are focused and remain on task, you are not required to teach the students. You will have the opportunity to work on a day to day basis in a range of secondary schools in your local area. You will need to demonstrate experience of either working in a school as a Cover Supervisor or provide evidence of work that you have done with students/teenagers in a community setting. You will need to demonstrate how you would hold a presence in the classroom in order to manage the students behaviour and you will be responsible for ensuring that all students are learning in a safe and positive classroom environment. You must also be able to follow instruction and to also follow the schools policies and remain consistent with them. This role would suit someone who is thinking of pursuing a career in teaching or someone who is currently a higher level teaching assistant and is looking to progress to the next stage. You will demonstrate a resilient nature and have a genuine passion to support pupils' learning and development, you will have a firm but fair approach and be someone who is looking for a challenge Apply today with your CV application and I will contact you regarding full registration. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.