Title: L&D Team Leader
Webindex: 72241170
Company: Interaction   Maidstone
Description: Our client based in Kings Hill are looking to take on a L D Team Leader to start in the New Year. Role Summary: To plan, design, implement and deliver first class learning development, coaching on and off the job in accordance with agreed business plans. Key Responsibilities: Training Focus Plan, design and deliver career development, management development and leadership development activities that focus on individual and business needs Plan, design and deliver embedding programmes and adhoc business process, compliance, quality and systems training within the business ensuring all training reflects best practice in ensuring learning has taken place. Plan, develop, and implement employees coaching and development on and off the job Work closely with line managers to build quality and consistency in individuals and teams Liaise with line managers so as to understand all necessary aspects and needs of employees learning and development, and to ensure they are fully informed of objectives, expectations and achievements To provide ‘just in time’ learning by facilitating the exchange of information concerning employees development and provide relevancy and legitimacy Establish and maintain appropriate systems for accurately measuring all aspects of employees learning and development Monitor, measure and report on employees learning and development plans and achievements within agreed formats and timescales Develop self, and maintain knowledge, skills, and attitude in L D and relevant collection activities To carry out any adhoc duties as requested by the L D Manager. Business Focus Strong commercial focus and business acumen and the ability to demonstrate this through leadership style. Responsible for mentoring and coaching employees to ensure skills are developed to the appropriate level. Motivate teams through specific feedback in order to enhance skill development and future performance. Provide assistance to line managers and trainers in order to solve specific training problems either on a onetoone basis or in groups in order to achieve business excellence. Ensure that strong and considered leadership is delivered in line with the organisations values. Provide mentor support for high potential employees where appropriate. Essential Skills Experience: Possession of a recognised training qualification required or a minimum of 3 years relevant experience and a desire to work towards a further recognised training qualification Strong, proven background in developing sessions in an Accelerated Learning format with particular focus on enhancing the learning experience and the way in which knowledge and skills are developed within the business. Knowledge of elearning systems and the ability to create engaging and creative elearning modules Accelerated Learning Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to build effective working relationships at all levels and respond to a variety of management styles Selfmotivated and enthusiastic with proven ability to prioritise and organise workflow Able to work independently and within a team environment This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LDTeamLeader_job****