Title: Chemistry Teacher (Sept 2013)
Webindex: 71798331
Company: Edustaff
Description: Are you a talented and ambitious Chemistry Teacher seeking a new post and school next September? Are you seeking a post which will offer you additional responsibility and exciting CPD opportunities? How would you like to work within one of the ‘very best secondary comprehensives in the country’? Science Teacher – Chemistry specialist required… September 2013 position – Permanent contract Experienced candidates ONLY – responsibility with the current Science Teacher and Chemistry specialist taking a step back for more of a pastoral role within the school. The post comes with additional responsibility and a TLR depending on your experience. The Head Teacher is focused on the quality of teaching and passion for the subject. This is a wonderful opportunity to become part of a great science department, who have teachers with varied experience including SLT members. The Science department works with the core curriculum up to Alevel and has worked hard to raise and consistently achieve top grades. Pupils are receptive, enjoy learning and really strive to succeed. The school benefits from state of the art resources and provides a great learning environment for both staff and pupils. This is an excellent opportunity for a future senior leader and hopefully the next step on your career ladder… As a chemistry specialist; you will have the task of not only engaging younger pupils with the wonders of science and guiding pupils through their GCSE exams, but also to provide the highest quality of teaching and learning for those taking the subject through to KS**** and beyond. Someone with a genuine interest and passion for Chemistry and Science as a whole would be ideal… Science and particularly Chemistry is becoming increasingly more popular within the school and especially across GCSE and A level. The school boasts exceptionally high GCSE results (****4% A  C including Maths & English) and has won numerous awards over the last couple of years with A level results are improving yet still well above average. The school itself is located in North London and easily accessible by car with parking available. The nearest station is an 8 minute bus ride away, with excellent and multiple transport links from central London. This is a school and opportunity worth the commute and travel, but please do consider this when applying. Please email your full CV and cover letter to Danny, here at Edustaff ASAP The Head Teacher is starting her search early as she would be keen to secure an outstanding candidate. Apply today…