Title: LSA
Webindex: 71798060
Company: Edustaff
Description: Are you a Graduate looking for a Learning Support Assistant position up until July ****013? Do you feel you would benefit from a long term placement supporting Primary pupils of mixed abilities in a Bexley Secondary School? Can you add value to a Learning Support Department with your determination to succeed and become a future Secondary Teacher? Graduate Learning Support Assistant Good Secondary School in Bexley Ideal Position for Future Secondary Teacher **** per day  offset expenses A Good Secondary School in Greenwich are looking to appoint a Learning Support Assistant to support several pupils across Years **** up until July 2013. This position is ideal for a graduate looking for fantastic and relevant experience in a school before prior to starting their PGCE or teacher training. The school in 2011 was deemed Good by OFSTED and they specifically pointed out massive improvements in attainment levels across the year groups. The support in the school is excellent and the Head has for the past 6 years has strived to ingrain support across all departments in order to give all pupils more than the basic academic tools to succeed in life. The successful applicant will have the privilege of working as an LSA in an environment where all success is rewarded, and where all pupils feel they can achieve their potential. All support members of staff are treated with the same respect that any teacher in the school would and they are offered all and any training that might be available. The school has the highest expectations of academic, artistic and personal achievement and offer a broad, challenging and exciting curriculum. The pupils have high aspirations for their futures; they possess enthusiasm both for learning and selfdevelopment which are essential life skills for the 21st century. Pupils are thoroughly prepared for their future lives due to the impressive work of the Headteacher, senior leaders, governors and all staff. They ensure that pupils benefit from a very rounded and enjoyable education. The school are looking to make this appointment run until the end of the academic year and would provide the ideal applicant with just under 2 terms of experience before September 2013. If you would like to apply for this position situated in the heart of Bexley then please contact Andrew at Edustaff today.