Title: Teacher of Chemistry and Maths
Webindex: 68089019
Company: Hays
Description: Teacher of Chemistry and Mathematics Permanent Required from September 2013 'The behaviour of the pupils is outstanding' Quality of provision for pupils' spiritual, moral, social and cultural development is outstanding (Ofsted, September 2012) Wakefield Independent School is a nonselective, Church of England co educational day school providing education for boys and girls aged three to sixteen years. The school is located within the Nostell Priory Estate and is housed in three separate buildings. The location has a lovely rural feel with most classrooms looking out over woodland. An exciting opportunity has arisen for a suitably qualified Teacher of Chemistry to head up the department who also has the ability to teach Mathematics. This post would be suitable for someone who is looking to work in a small independent school (**** students in total). We have an excellent track record of consistently good quality examination results with most pupils regularly achieving up to **** GCSE passes at Grade C or above. The school has a very friendly and supportive atmosphere and caters for children of all abilities. The successful candidate will: Be an excellent Class Teacher who is able to teach GCSE Chemistry and Mathematics Be a confident user of ICT Have the ability to establish good relationships with pupils, parents and other staff Have a commitment to supporting the development of after school activities Be a well qualified, experienced teacher who can teach to KS**** Applications are welcome from Newly Qualified Teachers In return we can offer: The opportunity to work in a truly unique school A hard working team of staff alongside supportive Governors A rural setting An excellent work / life balance (this post is currently 4 days per week although full time could be offered). Discounted school fees available for your own children For an application pack and to apply or arrange a visit, please contact Paula Read at Hays Education, our recruitment partner. The closing date for applications: 25th January 2013 at 9am Interviews to be held week commencing 28th January 2013 At WIS we are committed to the safeguarding and welfare of our children and therefore this post would be subject to an Enhanced CRB check. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TeacherofChemistryandMaths_job****