Title: JUNIO IT TRAINER
Webindex: 71530265
Company: MECS Communications
Description: JUNIOR IT TRAINER required by leading FTSE 100 organisation to be trained and evolved into a subject matter expert within the fields of software test analysis and development. Supporting the senior trainers creating, developing and delivering a programme of courses intended to develop graduates and young professionals into introductory level technical software testing and development. Experience of software testing and some development knowledge is desirable. Although based in London, some travel around UK will be expected. JUNIOR IT TRAINER  DUTIES RESPONSIBILITIES: The trainer should be capable of compiling and delivering training. They will need to be able to create, manage and maintain technical training environments. An awareness software testing and development methods Capable of training IT and business graduates with support Designing training programmes appropriate to the skills needed with support Ensuring the learning environment and resources support learner need Designing course materials and other documents such as handouts, manuals and exercises Preparing the learning environment and resources, including setting up IT equipment where appropriate Delivering low level training programmes in both a formal (e.g. a classroom) or informal (e.g. floorwalking) setting Supporting and coaching learners using learning technologies to deliver skills Experience OR aptitude for delivering training Able to assist the Training and Implementation General training administration duties JUNIOR IT TRAINER THE ESSENTIALS ****:1 or First class degree in Computer Science or Joint Maths Computing from good university Strong Alevels including A in Maths and either Physics, Further Maths or Computing Ideally ISTQB Foundation to Software Testing certified Experience in manual software testing/ designing and execution of test cases Accurate reporting of test results and recommendations Monitoring of testing across all projects to ensure successful improvements Demonstrable programming ability with an understanding of underpinning techniques Software construction (coding) Understanding of Programme languages, particularly: Java technology (Core Java, J****EE) C technology SQL MECS Comms offer a broad range of Talent Acquisition Career Development services for a variety of commercial, executive, managerial, professional, specialist technical disciplines across the Telecommunications, Media Technology industries. This vacancy is being advertised by MECS Communications Limited who operates as an Employment Agency Employment Business. For more information or a list of current vacancies, please see our web site at mecscomms.co.uk