Title: Welding Tutor
Webindex: 69004964
Company: Boston Rose
Description: This is an outstanding opportunity for an experienced welder who has previous teaching or apprentice mentorship experience to join the tutoring team of a distance learning provider in the Luton area. The role will see you answering student enquiries by phone or email, and imparting knowledge about the course material. Although the learners will go to a brickandmortar assessment centre for their practical assessment, your role will be to assist them with the theoretical side of welding as they are learning at home. You will be based at their centre in Luton, and will support their learners through their welding qualification (up to a maximum of level 3), covering modules such as Manual Metal Arc welding, Oxyacetylene welding, Positional Welding, Fabrication & Welding Technologies, and Engineering & Environmental Awareness. To be considered for the position, you MUST have: A welding qualification at level 3 or higher Industry experience of welding Some mentoring or teaching experience Please note that a teaching qualification is not required, but they need candidates to have some form of teaching experience, even if it is only informally mentoring apprentices within industry, However, if you have a teaching qualification, they will look at this very positively. The position will be a fulltime, permanent role comprising of 37.5 hours per week, and will offer a starting salary of between **** and **** per annum. They will also be 20 days paid holiday (plus Bank Holidays on top), as well as overtime payments for evening and weekend work when you are asked to do it. General working hours will be between 9:00am and 5:30pm traditionally, but extra staff would work in the evenings until 8pm, and the centres are also open from 9am to 1pm on weekends. There would be a staff rota that would need to be adhered to, and you would be asked to work occasional weekend and evening shifts. Please feel free to pass on my details if you know someone else who might be interested. I am always keen to speak to any Automotive, Mechanical Engineering, Aeronautical Engineering, Welding or Logistics professionals who are looking for a fresh opportunity in education and training. I am also interested in speaking to people who have never taught before. Boston Rose is a specialist education recruitment consultancy and if you are looking for a job in education, we can help you find the right one for you