Title: NQT Teachers
Webindex: 69144896
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: If you are completing your teacher training this June/July and are looking to secure a post this September to complete your NQT year, I would love to hear from you? Are you an enthusiastic NQT relishing the prospect of your first teaching role? Keen to get your NQT year underway in the security of a permanent or contracted post? Can you provide outstanding referencing from your teaching placements? Do you have an exemplary academic record? Outstanding Secondary NQT’s required Coventry and Warwickshire Schools To start September 2013 All subjects welcome – Maths, English and Science are very desirable Permanent positions or Long Term contracts Apply now to secure positions ahead of the competition If so, please get in touch today. My client schools, located throughout Warwickshire and Coventry are keen to meet the next generation of teachers. My client schools range from ‘Satisfactory’ to ‘Outstanding’ in terms of OFSTED rating, all offering different environments and experiences for your NQT year, depending on the type of school you’re looking to work in. The schools in my area have shown an obvious interest in core subjects, so I advise any newly qualified Maths, Science and English teachers to apply immediately in order to secure the brightest opportunities Our clients have come to expect an extremely high calibre of teachers from Edustaff, and so we are looking to recruit NQT’s with outstanding placement referencing coupled with the personality and enthusiasm that will inspire pupils across the Key Stages within your subject. Despite September being some month’s away, recruitment for September posts are already in motion. Apply today, and be one of the first newly qualified teachers to secure your first teaching post. We are seeking exceptional candidates, who have drive, passion and tenacity to succeed. Please get in touch with Patrick Jones by emailing over a CV and covering letter and let Edustaff help you at this most important stage of your teaching career.