Title: Teacher Assistant in south east London secondary school
Webindex: 69219927
Company: Career Teachers
Description:  Teacher Assistant  Temporary cover in a secondary School  Excellent support and CPD  Supporting students in a classroom environment  Fantastic opportunity We are currently looking for a Teacher Assistants to provide classroom support in South East London secondary schools. This is an temporary post and TA's will be required to work on a peripatetic basis. We are looking for candidates who are available immediately and full registration will be required. Ideally my client schools are looking for someone who are degree level and have previous experience working in a classroom environment. This is a demanding role and you may be require to work with a number of different students, whether this be one to one support or whole class support/groups. You will also be required to work with a variety of teachers in school. You must be able to demonstrate; Experience working under the direction of others and following instruction Details of how you have inspired others in a classroom based environment That you can work independently of others using your own initiative Details of providing a safe and positive learning environment This will also suit someone who is looking to enrol onto a PGCE and will give you the opportunity to gain experience in a secondary school environment. Please email your CV application immediately to be considered for registration for this role. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.