Title: Primary Teaching Assistant Early Years Outstanding Bristol School
Webindex: 69203006
Company: Edustaff   Bristol
Description: Are you an aspiring Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) Teacher looking to gain experience as a Primary Teaching Assistant within an Early Years setting prior to your teacher training? Do you have a first class or upper second class honours degree from a top University? Are you creative, fun, inspiring and committed? Can you commit to fulltime, longterm work until July ****013? Would you like to work in a successful Bristol Primary School awarded ?Outstanding? in its most recent Ofsted inspection (2010)? Primary Teaching Assistant (EYFS) Successful and well located Bristol Primary School Ofsted graded ?Outstanding? school 2010 Highly effective Leadership Team Fulltime longterm role to start ASAP until July 2013 Earn up to **** per day This is a superb opportunity for a forwardthinking and academically gifted graduate to join an outstanding team in a sought after school. Reporting to the Early Years Phase Leader, you will work across its two Reception classes as part of a fluid support team. This larger than average, outstanding Primary school is seeking to appoint an Primary Teaching Assistant to join its thriving and successful Early Years Foundation Stage support team. This school services a sought after area of Bristol with a culturally diverse pupil cohort. The school is housed in an attractive period building with large grounds and adjacent playing fields. Proportion of pupils with Special Educational Needs and Free School Meals is lower than the National average. Working in Reception classes no larger than **** pupils, you will be proactive in providing whole class and small group interventions in literacy and numeracy such as Jolly Phonics and Every Child Counts. Pupils are bright, well behaved and keen to learn. You will be an energetic, dynamic and articulate graduate looking to gain experience as a Primary Teaching Assistant. To succeed in this high achieving school, your academic background will be very strong (1st Class or 2:1 only) and you will have the ability to enthuse and engage the pupils whilst stretching them academically. You may already have experience of working in an Early Years setting or be looking for your first Primary Teaching Assistant placement. The ability to work independently as well as in conjunction with the rest of the Early Years team is critical to this role. If you have what it takes and wish to apply, forward your CV and a covering letter to Nick at Edustaff today.