Title: Cover Supervisors West Yorkshire
Webindex: 62009559
Company: Academic Appointments
Description: Academic Appointments are currently recruiting enthusiastic, confident and flexible Cover Supervisors to work with our client base of Secondary schools across Yorkshire (mainly West Yorkshire). The role will require you to work under the guidance of teaching staff, to support pupils in or out of the classroom, including the supervision of whole classes during the short term absence of teachers. Cover Supervisors are usually requested by the schools at short notice (i.e. the evening before or the same morning that the cover is required) which will not suit everybody your circumstances must allow for this. You could be asked to cover any subject area across the full year group range; therefore you must feel confident in your basic core subject knowledge. One you ve made a great first impression with a particular school they will want to request you back by name whenever further requirements arise (to ensure consistency in school), therefore Cover Supervision is a great way to show a school what you can do and build great relationships. This also means work can be plentiful for applicants that impress while in a school. All applicants must be qualified to degree level or equivalent and must have experience of working with Secondary aged students. Attributes which will make you successful in this role are flexibility, adaptability and the ability to build strong working relationships with students and other members of staff. Working as a cover supervisor can be extremely rewarding but also very demanding. There is a high level of responsibility and although there is always a teacher close at hand if needed, there is a large amount of autonomy. Cover Supervisor Main Duties: Supervise work that has been set in accordance with the school policy. Manage the behaviour of pupils whilst they are undertaking this work. Respond to questions from pupils about process and procedures. Assist pupils to undertake set activities as appropriate. Deal with any immediate problems or emergencies according to the schools policies and procedures. Report back as appropriate using the schools agreed referral procedures on the behaviour of pupils during the class and any issues arising. Establish productive working relationships with pupils, acting as a role model and setting high expectations. Promote the inclusion and acceptance of all pupils within the classroom Support pupils consistently whilst recognising and responding to their individual needs. Encourage pupils to interact and work cooperatively with others and engage all pupils in activities Be responsible for keeping and updating records as agreed with the teacher, contributing to reviews of systems/ records as requested. Be aware of and comply with policies and procedure relating to child protection, health and safety, security, confidentiality and data protection, reporting all concerns to an appropriate person. Contribute to the overall ethos/work/aims of the school To register with Academic Appointments for Cover Supervision work apply now or call Lauren (**** **** ****) for more information. Academic Appointments is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people. All posts are subject to an enhanced CRB check and referencing.