Title: Senior Family Support Worker  Ref S****
Webindex: 69769129
Company: Children's Society
Description: Senior Family Support Worker ****  **** Based in Dunstable Purpose To work in partnership with other agencies and with parents and carers to give children the best start in life through opportunities for play, family learning, onetoone support and enable access to a wide range of services from the main and linked sites. Key Accountabilities Supporting the Family Support Worker team, leading the team and providing individual guidance and support. The development and delivery of a range of highperforming, targeted services in partnership with other agencies and the wider Centre Team. Ensuring that safeguarding standards and equality of opportunity are understood, implemented and monitored. The development of onetoone work ensuring timely intervention and the provision of support and advice for parents and carers; where appropriate sign posting to other services. Ensuring the Common Assessment Framework process is promoted with high levels of engagement attained. Promoting a childcentred approach to support holistic development. Ensuring services are inclusive to all children and families particularly those with disabilities and additional needs, from BME and GRT and any other target group. Please give specific examples of how you have met the criteria in the Skills, Knowledge and Experience section of the person specification below in the supporting statement of the application form. Please note: The Recruitment Team will shortlist applications on the information that you include in this section. Please give examples where possible to evidence your attainments. Skills Good IT skills (essential) Good written and oral skills (essential) Good interpersonal skills and management of self Knowledge A professional qualification at NVQ **** or above in a relevant discipline e.g. Social Work, Community Work, Adult Education, Training and Development (essential) A good understanding of Every Child Matters framework and the Core Purpose of children centres. Experience Experience of delivering family support work (essential) Lead professional with CAF (essential) Leading targeted and Universal work within children centres. (essential) Previous experience of daily supervision of staff or volunteers. (desirable) Interviews for this role to take place 19th February 2013 (Please note: if you have difficulty meeting these conditions because of a disability or family circumstances the appointing manager will discuss it with you in order to consider reasonable adjustments to the job or working conditions)