Title: Maths And English Tutor (Fixed Term Full Time Until ****/****/****)
Webindex: 68609387
Company: The Intraining Group Limited
Description: To deliver basic Maths and English to military learners in a classroom environment. To operate a funded program within a given timeframe and ensuring completion targets are met. Deliver classroom bases Maths and English teaching in accordance with the military timetable. Plan progression in agreement with your allocated learners. Undertake assessment of the learners work and give effective, constructive and timely feedback in accordance with national standards. Carry out learner reviews and maintain individual learning plans for your allocated learners. Put all assessment plans, assessment evidence and feedback onto the web based eportfolio. To work at Keogh Barracks in order to provide lessons, one to one learner time and facilitate apprenticeship completion. Implement any improvements identified as a result of your performance reviews and internal verification sampling. Monitor learner s progression and ensure assessment is completed to enable learners to meet achievement targets for all parts of their programme. Continuously report on your allocated learner s progression to the Keogh Team Leader. Maintain learner records accurately. Attendance at standardisation meetings, team meetings and training as required. Undertake any other duties that may reasonably be assigned. Deliver classroom bases Maths and English teaching in accordance with the military timetable. Plan progression in agreement with your allocated learners. Undertake assessment of the learners work and give effective, constructive and timely feedback in accordance with national standards. Carry out learner reviews and maintain individual learning plans for your allocated learners. Put all assessment plans, assessment evidence and feedback onto the web based eportfolio. To work at Keogh Barracks in order to provide lessons, one to one learner time and facilitate apprenticeship completion. Implement any improvements identified as a result of your performance reviews and internal verification sampling. Monitor learner s progression and ensure assessment is completed to enable learners to meet achievement targets for all parts of their programme. Continuously report on your allocated learner s progression to the Keogh Team Leader. Maintain learner records accurately. Attendance at standardisation meetings, team meetings and training as required. Undertake any other duties that may reasonably be assigned.