Title: Cancer Research UK PhD Studentship  Translating novel therapeutic approaches into treatments for patients with hepatocellular cancer
Webindex: 71332805
Company: Newcastle University
Description: Reference Code: CR**** Closing Date: 28th February 2013 Details: Name of the supervisor(s) Professor S Wedge , Northern Institute for Cancer Research , Faculty of Medical Sciences Dr H Reeves , Northern Institute for Cancer Research , Faculty of Medical Sciences Sponsor Cancer Research UK Duration of the award 4 years (MRes Medical and Molecular Biosciences followed by a threeyear PhD). Project description This is an excellent opportunity to undertake a translational oncology focused PhD studentship at Newcastle University in the Northern Institute for Cancer Research (NICR). Hepatocellular cancer (HCC), commonly arising on the background of chronic liver diseases, is the fifth commonest cause of cancer worldwide and the third most common cause of cancer mortality. The incidence of HCC has increased markedly in western nations in the last twenty years, attributed to the rising prevalence of hepatitis C (HCV) and fatty liver disease attributed to alcohol and/or obesity. Curative treatments are limited to those with early cancers and preserved liver function who are fit enough for either surgical resection or liver transplantation. However, the majority of patients receive only palliative therapies or best supportive care and the outlook is dismal, with a median survival of 11.2 months. This PhD studentship will involve a detailed in vitro assessment of novel therapeutic approaches in human hepatocellular cell lines, combined with the development and characterization of more translationally relevant orthotopic and spontaneous models of hepatocellular cancer, to permit examination of the most promising approaches in vivo. Noninvasive imaging modalities shall also be utilized to permit serial monitoring of response. This project will provide a broad grounding in contemporary molecular, cellular, pharmacological and diseasemodeling techniques in the context of clinically relevant cancer research. The project will also provide the opportunity to interact with clinical and surgical liver experts within the Newcastle Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. Value of the Award and Eligibility The award covers tuition fees at the UK/EU rate and an annual stipend of **** per annum. Further information about terms and conditions can be found on Cancer Research UK's website . Person Specification A firstclass or uppersecondclass science Honours degree, ideally with additional research experience and/or a further qualification such as an MRes or MSc. How to Apply You must complete the University's postgraduate application form . Select Master of Research/Doctor of Philosophy (Medical Sciences) cancer research as the programme of study. Only mandatory fields need to be completed (no personal statement required) but you must attach a copy of your CV and a covering letter, quoting the title of the studentship and reference number CR**** and state how your interests and experience relate to the project. Further Information For further details, please contact: Professor S Wedge Email: steve.wedgencl.ac.uk