Title: Health and Social Care Teacher Essex
Webindex: 69248952
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description:  Health and Social Care Teacher  Childcare  Immediate Start  Essex We have an opportunity for a Health and Social Care with Child development Teacher to start asap in a school based in Colchester giving easy reach from Essex and Suffolk. The candidate is to deliver Health and Social Care to students. The candidate must have a PGCE. A good knowledge and/or experience of working with health, social care settings would be desirable. They must have experience of BTEC qualifications and assessment. The schools aim is to create a centre of excellence with a clear and unrelenting focus on raising standards of academic performance. They place great emphasis on the support and development of the individual student and on high quality learning so they will develop into enterprising and responsible young people with high aspirations and a real determination to succeed. Health and Social Care is a popular subject within the school. Please submit CV asap in order to be considered as an immediate start can be offered. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.