Title: ASD Teacher
Webindex: 71878074
Company: PPA EDUCATION LTD
Description: A special school based in West Ealing are seeking to appoint an experienced ASD teacher on a long term basis. The successful candidate must be someone who is passionate about learning and committed to working with students who have additional learning and engagement needs. This role will commence from January 2013. Our client is described as Good by Ofsted and it is important that all individuals that join the teaching and learning team are committed to raising attainment. It is very important that applicants understand that this role requires a formal qualification that is recognised in the UK. Due to sheer volumes of applications, we are unable to respond to applicants that do not meet the qualification requirements  if you would like to discuss your qualifications before application please contact a member of the PPA Education team. PPA Education is a recruitment business and is acting on behalf of a client in relation to this vacancy. All offers of employment ate subject to compliance with safeguarding legislations, including but not limited to an Enhanced CRB Disclosure. The business is built on a foundation of absolute honesty and integrity. PPA Education does not advertise jobs that do not exist, although due to advertising contracts, some adverts may remain on the web after they have been filled. PPA Education is a Quality Mark recruitment business that has been audited for compliance with the Safer Recruitment Guidelines by the DfE  an agency with this Quality Mark must demonstrate 100% compliance to maintain the Quality Mark. If this job is not right for you but you know someone that it may be suited to  give us a call with their name and if they are successful in obtaining work via PPA Education we will say Thank You with a **** Shopping Voucher of your choice. (duration of contract of temporary engagement is subject to change, and there is the possibility of the duration being extended or decreased depending upon the need