Title: School Business & Finance Manager  **** month FTC
Webindex: 68692259
Company: Think Specialist Recruitment
Description: Think Specialist Recruitment is recruiting a School Business and Finance Manager / Bursar on behalf of a specialist school on the outskirts of St Albans, Hertfordshire. A ****  14 month contract commencing in Spring 2013, we are seeking candidates with strong finance and budget management experience, along with the ability to lead and manage a team to ensure the smooth running of back office procedures at the school. A varied and busy role that will include many responsibilities and ensure efficient management of school budgets, daily business management and will oversee all HR processes/procedures. PLEASE NOTE: an Enhanced Criminal Record Bureau (CRB) check will be conducted by the school for successful candidates. Job Summary: Assume strategic responsibility for the business management of the school, including financial, HR, estates and ancillary management. To be a full member of the school Senior Management Team. Principle Accountabilities Be responsible for all aspects of the daily business management of the school. Be responsible for the development of the school budget and assist managers in the control of devolved budgets. Br responsible for Financial Management of school and ensure accurate monthly financial information, including payroll; Ensure financial systems meet all school and legal requirements. Take overall responsibility for HR functions within the school, including recruitment, induction and training (if applicable), and maintaining links with central HR ensuring functions meet school and legal requirements. Ensure the development and maintenance of accurate HR and pupil record systems within the school. Lead and coordinate the marketing function of the school (if applicable). Be responsible for the school premises, grounds and resources. Manage the administration and ancillary functions. Manage projects as required. To oversee the Health Safety function and be the designated Health and Safety Officer (if applicable). Job Descriptions only reflect 80% of a role, and are not an exhaustive list of duties. You are expected to carry out other activities that are within the scope of the role. Candidate requirements: School Bursar/Business/Finance Manager experience within the education sector is desirable An excellent track record within finance is essential Experience of managing budgets, payroll and HR systems The ability to lead and manage a team (staff management experience required) Excellent organisational skills You MUST be able to pass an enhanced CRB check The role requires a **** hour working week (8.00am to 3.00pm, 9.00am to 4.00pm or similar) and will receive a holiday allowance of 25 days per year. We are ideally seeking candidates available to commence in Spring 2013 for a comprehensive handover. If you are interested in this vacancy, please send your CV to us ASAP Looking for the next step in your career? Think Specialist Recruitment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SchoolBusinessFinanceManager****monthFTC_job****