Title: Lecturer – Professional Studies (Course Leader)
Webindex: 69742923
Company: Lakes College West Cumbria
Description: PURPOSE OF THE JOB To develop and deliver courses including the theoretical knowledge and practical skills for both fulltime and parttime learners, at a range of levels in accordance with the college s conditions of service , in order to achieve high quality learning experiences and high success rates. To undertake normally no more than two additional responsibilities made up of no more than four activities as agreed with the Programme Area Manager in order to contribute to the effective functioning and development of the programme area, faculty or college objectives. To undertake all course administration such as lesson plans, schemes of learning, student tracking, registers etc and other course related duties to ensure efficient delivery of the curriculum and accurate course administration. JOB SPECIFIC  MAIN ACCOUNTABILITIES To contribute to the delivery and monitoring of course units and assist in the planning and development of other courses, in order to contribute collaboratively, economically and systematically to the college academic and resource systems. To undertake research and development and devise and produce materials from own or set syllabi to ensure materials are kept up to date and assist with course design and development in order to contribute to the continuous improvement of the academic/business base of the college. To assist when required in the recruitment of learners, curriculum and programme organisation and development, and the generation of new course programme products, in order to meet the college s strategic objectives. To ensure that the learners achieve agreed academic targets as outlined in the learning agreement by providing well defined programmes of learning and opportunities for pastoral and tutorial support as required, in accordance with the college's system of quality assurance and college policies. To monitor and assess learner progress to ensure that learners achieve a high quality experience and a high level of success To undertake the duties of formal assessment and accreditation, including preparation of assignments and marking, and to accredit prior learning ensuring that students are treated consistently and in accordance with college policies. To carry out internal verification duties as required by the programme area manager to ensure that both the verification of learners work and course requirements comply with the standards and criteria laid down by the external bodies. To undertake responsibilities such as personal tutoring, course leading, a department or cross college role as agreed with the Programme Area Manager in order to contribute to the effective functioning and development of the programme area, faculty or college objectives. GENERIC COLLEGE ACCOUNTABILITIES: To operate within the college s safeguarding children and vulnerable adult s policy to promote and safeguard the welfare of college s learners who are under the age of **** and of vulnerable adults to meet the college s moral and legal responsibilities. To work as part of a team both within the section and as part of the College as a whole to provide a team culture and environment and contribute towards the team development and assist others as necessary during periods of peak demand. To develop the Quality Systems of the Department including monitoring and evaluating of systems and standards of service in line with future needs of customers in accordance with the future needs of customers in accordance with the College s Quality Systems To participate in the College s Performance Review Scheme in order to ensure personal development needs are identified to allow maximisation of a high level of performance. To operate and monitor College Health and Safety Policy, in order to ensure a safe and healthy learning and working environment. To proactively create, communicate, implement and support the college s Sustainability Development Strategy to ensure college targets are achieved. To operate and support College s Equal Opportunities Policy, in order to ensure adherence throughout the College. To contribute to the smooth running of the College by undertaking other duties as required to support the Management of the College. To contribute to the College s income generation activities so as to promote the overall health of the organisation To participate in the promotional and marketing activities of the College and ensure a professional and favourable image is portrayed at all times to enhance the College s reputation and assist in ensuring its future success. This job profile is an outline of the Principal Accountabilities for the post but is not part of the Contract of Employment .