Title: Cover Supervisor Job Watford
Webindex: 72158492
Company: Career Teachers
Description: Career Teachers are recruiting for a COVER SUPERVISOR for a Secondary Comprehensive School in Watford. The School is a mixed comprehensive school for pupils between the age of **** The school provides opportunities for students of all abilities to achieve high standards in a firm and caring atmosphere everyone in School believes in promoting the core values of honesty and integrity, politeness and good manners. This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its' exceptional team initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. We are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet out total commitment to our schools and the children they support To be short listed for this role the ideal candidate will be: • Experienced in cover supervising work or a recent graduate looking to get in to teaching • Able to manage the behaviour of pupils whilst ensuring that they are undertaking work to ensure a constructive environment; • Able to respond to any questions from pupils about process and procedures; • Dealing with any immediate problems or emergencies according to the school's policies and procedures; • Collecting any completed work after the lesson and returning it to the appropriate teacher • Reporting back as appropriate using the school's agreed referral procedures on the behaviour of pupils during the class, and any issues arising. • Have a ‘can do’ attitude with a sense of humour Career Teachers take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school settings and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. Working for Career teachers you will benefit from: • Dedicated Consultant • Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme • Excellent opportunities for career development • Wonderful facilities at school level • Opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable What are you waiting for If this sounds like something that would interest you, Please email your Cv directly to [contact details removed] or call Brett on [contact details removed] Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.