Title: Postdoctoral Research Assistant in Neuropharmacology
Webindex: 69769271
Company: University of Dundee
Description: Applications are invited for a postdoctoral position in collaboration with Takeda Cambridge Ltd to profile novel GPCR therapeutic targets in neuroscience. This would be particularly suited to researchers interested in gaining experience at the interface between drug discovery and academia. The position will be based in the laboratory of Dr Andrew Irving, within the Medical Research Institute (MRI) at Dundee University and will interface with related research at Takeda Cambridge. The MRI provides a high quality research and training environment for more than **** scientists and clinicians based on the Ninewells Hospital Medical School campus. Our laboratory is based within the Division of Neuroscience, which is one of the major MRI research themes. For further information feel free to contact Dr Andrew Irving, email: a.j.irvingdundee.ac.uk The position is for 12 months and is available immediately. Summary of Skills, Experience and Qualifications: We seek a talented postdoctoral scientist with a PhD and a strong background in molecular pharmacology/cell imaging to work within established research programmes. Experience with neuronal cultures, microscopy techniques, GPCR signalling assays and molecular biology would be valuable but is not essential. The project will require the candidate to elucidate signalling pathways in native tissue relevant to CNS disease and to investigate receptor pharmacology and expression levels. The candidate will also use initiative and creativity to help identify and develop new research methods and extend our current research portfolio. In addition, the candidate should be able to work independently and thrive within a multidisciplinary research environment. Strong interpersonal and communication skills are desirable as is the ability to work as part of a team. The candidate will be expected to interpret research data and draw appropriate conclusions, prepare regular research reports and to attend and contribute to meetings.