Title: Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant Wanted – RBS Hot **** Recruitment Company
Webindex: 69854127
Company: HARVARD BROWN LTD
Description: Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant Wanted Hot 100 Recruitment Company This company is a marketleading recruitment company with a proven track record of success within some of the most lucrative recruitment markets, including IT, finance, media and engineering for an extensive and impressive client base comprising over 50% of FTSE 100 listed companies. In recognition of continued exponential growth and sustained profitability, they have placed on both the Sunday Times Fast Track 100 and Hot 100 Recruiter lists and have firmly established their reputation as one of the UK s most dynamic and successful companies. With the strong emphasis on organic growth coupled with the ambition of the owners of the company, all employees are provided with the opportunity to accelerate themselves into a position of seniority as quickly as they deserve. My client has a tried, tested and proven training programme which has been used to develop graduates who joined them with no prior experience into some of the UK s highest revenue generating recruiters. Upon joining, you will be trained directly by the MD of the company as well as Managers who have all been earning at least 100k per year as Consultants. They are certainly well placed to advise you and this level of experience will allow you to quickly progress to an expert in your industry with a view to establishing and maintaining a competitive advantage. The role will involve proactively generating new business opportunities by calling decision makers within leading companies and ascertaining their unique requirements. You will then negotiate terms of business and continue to develop and maintain your client base and take ownership of your specialist area. You will work to source the most suitable candidates via a variety of ways, including advertising, networking, headhunting and generating recommendations/referrals. After assessing the suitability of potential candidates, you will introduce them to your clients and manage the interview process through to obtaining offers and closing deals. In addition to a very competitive commission structure and rapid career progression, you will have the opportunity to qualify for a number of company incentives, including all expenses paid luxury holidays, lunch clubs at Michelin starred restaurants and tickets to major sporting and cultural events. In order to be successful in this role, you will be a confident, persuasive, resilient and money driven individual with the desire to excel within a target driven and energetic sales environment. You will be able to support your suitability for the role with examples of success and achievement throughout your life, which may include sporting and extracurricular activities. If you are serious about ensuring the best possible start to your recruitment career, apply today for immediate consideration by sending your CV to Will at w.duffieldharvardbrown.co.uk . Additionally, please refer to the PDF documents below and our Facebook and Twitter (HarvardBrownLtd) pages for more information; including interview tips and advice. Specialising in placing graduates and sales professionals into the recruitment industry, we are a preferred supplier to an extensive and diverse range of carefully selected clients, from boutique executive search and selection firms to multinational and often multi awardwinning recruitment organisations. Apply today to work as a Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant for one of the UK's leading recruitment companies. Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant, Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant London, Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant Manchester, Trainee Recruitment Consultant, Careers in Recruitment, Opportunities in Recruitment.