Title: Speech and Language graduate
Webindex: 69005083
Company: Edustaff Manchester Ltd
Description: Larger than average twoform entry Primary School in Stockport require a Speech and Language specialist in January ****13 Have you graduated in a speech and language degree or similar? Do you have previous experience or are you looking for you first School based role? Are you looking to further your understanding of speech and communication difficulties? This role requires a Speech and Language graduate you can work with pupils on an individual basis, helping them to improve their speech and communication problems from an early age. Special Support Assistant Primary School, **** Contract from January July 2013 Two form entry Primary School Excellent facilities 60 per day  offset expenses Invaluable experience A modern and well facilitated Primary School in Stockport require a Speech and Language therapy graduate in January. The School has a specialist classroom located parallel to the early year s foundation, for around **** pupils with a variety of learning difficulties. The current Speech and Language therapist in School is leaving the post due to relocation, and my Client School want a talented Graduate to initial cover until the end of academic year. This role will involve working with pupils who need extra support to communicate to the best of their ability. You will be working closely with the SENCO and SEN teacher, who offer a strong understanding of requirements in this role. The ideal candidate for this position will have a calm and empathetic nature, with a natural ability to relate to children with learning difficulties. The School has a dedicated Special Needs Coordinator who is highly experienced and a member of Staff at School for 8 years. You will benefit from an organised SEN programme and a friendly group of staff who place the needs of the pupils first. This is a full time role, taking on the full responsibilities of the current SLT who works with children from 37 years old. Experience for a newly qualified SLT is not essential, however you must be able to display a strong understanding of the requirements to be successful. The School is located around 20 minutes south of Stockport town centre, access on car is easy via the M60 motorway. There is limited on site parking at a School of this size, there is also easy access via public transport, Train or Bus. As a specialist Learning Support Assistant, you must be able to fulfil this contract until the end of academic year on a full time basis. Continuity is essential for this role; the Head teacher has highlighted the importance of this factor. If you are a Speech and Language therapy or Psychology with language development graduate looking for School based experience then this is an ideal opportunity for you. Any experience of PECS and Makaton would be an advantage to a potential candidate. To apply, please send your CV through to Edustaff, successful applicants will be contacted to discuss further details and an interview date