Title: Engagement Advisor – Adult
Webindex: 67448121
Description: Role: Engagement Advisor – Adult Location: Blackburn Salary: ****pa Term: Perm Due to increased demand a vacancy has arisen in our client’s Pre Apprenticeship Department for an Engagement Adviser, to work with the Adult unemployed cohort, reporting into the Business Lead of the Department. The post holder will have strong experience of working with vulnerable adults, engaging and retaining them in a learning process using Information Advice and Guidance. The role involves recruitment and selection, agreeing learning objectives, providing support commensurate with needs, close monitoring of progress to learning goals of adults who may be facing multiple barriers to participation in education, employment, and training. Strong experience of Information Advice and Guidance and partnership working are critical in this engagement role as is Recruitment / sales experience. The post holder will have a genuine desire to work with the customer group and be able to advocate on their behalf to help them plan successfully their progression pathway. They will be highly organised, selfmotivated and will be a good communicator as well as having excellent listening skills, good administrative skills and influencing skills. They will have a proven track record of achieving contractual targets and Key Performance Indicators. A good knowledge of our customer base and strong customer service skills is essential to ensure our client engages with their client group and local employers through our learning programmes, therefore the successful candidate will need to demonstrate relevant experience working with local employers and relevant partnership organisations. The successful candidates will have a good understanding of the Adult Learning Agenda and be committed to progressing people to their desired outcomes in line with the Foundation Objectives. For the post a strong experience of working with unemployed adults from different groups would be an advantage This position offers an attractive employment package including free life insurance, and 27 days holiday (prorota) in addition to Bank Holidays. Appointment is subject to an Enhanced Disclosure CRB check. This is an essential car user post. Closing date for all applications Friday **** th January 2013