Title: Custom Publishing, Project Manager
Webindex: 71690515
Company: RACONTEUR MEDIA LTD
Description: Established in September **** Raconteur Media is a specialinterest media company and publisher of premium special reports exclusively for The Times, The Sunday Times, and The Week. Raconteur also produces custom projects, industry surveys and digital publishing solutions such as microsites and tablet apps. We cover a vast range of pertinent topics; business, technology, sustainability, lifestyle and the arts. Raconteur has also won, and been shortlisted for, several industry awards over the past 3 years  most notably as winners of “Young Entrepreneur of the Year” at the Startups Awards 2010 and as finalist in the New Brand category at the Marketing Society Awards 2011. After achieving great success and brand recognition in Raconteur’s special interest reports print division this method, Raconteur intends to leverage its brand, knowhow and ambition in launching a Content Marketing Division for new and existing clients, commencement January, 2013. The core purpose of this division will be to pitch and sell fully integrated custom content solutions directly to clients and to create longterm relationship with key accounts and large brands. As a Project Manager within the Content Marketing division at Raconteur Media, you will be a campaign manager for a number of print projects and content creation for multiple brands from a variety of sectors. You will be liaising on a day to day basis directly with the journalists, designers and printers in order to execute and deliver the product. You will have the opportunity to work with some of the UK’s leading journalists while putting together products for leading global brands. Campaign and project management within media is essential, and a good contact list preferable. Great multitasking, time management and relationship building skills are also essential to succeed in this field. Preferred Skills: Selfmotivated and able to work independently Superb communication skills in spoken and written English A demonstrable and sustainable high level of energy and enthusiasm Clear entrepreneurial flair and passion for quality content and production Able to work and perform in a high pressured environment Happy to work as part of a growing business Interest in current affairs/industries/publishing Strong academic background, a Bachelor degree minimum(Business/Management/Economics preferable) Good organisational skills Excellent research abilities Benefits: Raconteur Media offers an exciting salary and reward package for University educated, bright and selfmotivated high achievers. In addition we offer 20 days holiday excluding public holidays, health and dental insurance and a generous commission structure.