Title: Centre Director
Webindex: 68707987
Company: Simplified Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Centre Director Location: Liverpool Salary: Competitive Package Hours: Full Time Our client is seeking exceptional candidates They have over 25 years experience in providing educational services to Liverpool and Greater Manchester. Following recent developments, they are seeking to appoint an outstanding candidate to the new position of Centre Director at their new centre in Liverpool. Accelerate learning an exciting service with aims to revolutionise after school hours educational support by incorporating its accelerated learning program alongside traditional teaching. They believe that their combined approach to accelerated learning techniques, together with individualised learning plans, will result in increased learning capacity and outcomes for their students. They seek to employ a highly motivated professional who has extensive knowledge in accelerated learning training/teaching techniques. You may already hold a QTS teaching qualification and/or possess a relevant degree in educational studies. As Centre Director you will run and develop your own centre, building links with local schools to help raise awareness of the services they offer. Working closely with your team you will plan marketing activities and help with the individual learning plans of children in your centre to ensure that the highest levels of teaching are maintained. In return you will receive an excellent starting package, which will include training and further career opportunities in a managerial position with the company. If you feel you have the skills to excel and have the relevant qualifications/experience, they would love to hear from you. Qualifications/Experience: Honours Degree or equivalent professional qualification Knowledge of accelerate learning / training techniques Teaching experience Private tuition experience Please apply online with your CV and covering letter. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CentreDirector_job****