Title: Interim Deputy Headteacher  URGENT  Tonbridge
Webindex: 71851253
Company: Kent Top Temps
Description: A PRU based in Tonbridge are currently seeking an Interim Deputy Head Teacher. This is a great opportunity to be part of a fantastic team of experts and provide strong leadership, guidance and support to the Head Teacher. The PRU provides specialist education to pupils with challenging behaviour and pupils with Emotional and behavioural difficulties. The ideal candidate will have had experience of working in a multidisciplinary/partnership environment and will have had some previous middle management experience. Experience with setting school targets, monitoring and evaluating effective action plans are desirable. You should be able to demonstrate the following attributes; Ability to motivate and enthuse young people who have experienced difficulties in their education. Exceptional communication skills for a wide range of contexts and purposes. A demonstrably positive approach towards pupil with learning and behavioural difficulties and a sympathetic understanding of the impact of educational exclusion on young people and their families. Energy, consistency and good humour in meeting the daytoday demands of working in the Unit. Ability to work positively with and win the confidence of, parents, LA colleagues and other professionals. Ability to lead, manage and win the confidence of a dynamic staff team To be considered for this role, you must have previous experience in a similar capacity. If you are a focused and innovative individual and have the enthusiasm and drive to take on such a role  then please upload your CV. Kent Top Temps Ltd work with a range of Alternative Provision Centres, Pupil Referral Units, Adult Education Centres and Schools across Kent. We are constantly recruiting energetic and passionate Teachers, Tutors, HLTAs and TAs wanting to facilitate learning and support young people across the county. If you would like to discuss this or any other opportunities we may have, then please contact Clare or Chloe. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InterimDeputyHeadteacherURGENTTonbridge_job****