Title: Employee Engagement Officer
Webindex: 72691823
Company: Specialist Recruitment Partners LTD
Description: Employee Engagement Officer Liverpool  ****k basic  Excellent bonus scheme  mileage A well respected training academy with dedicated training facilities nationwide is seeking a Learner Recruiter to assist with the ongoing business development and recruit learners onto their vocational qualification programmes. This company has over 20 years experience in the development and delivery of QCF/NVQ and apprenticeship programmes which meet both the workforce development and business support needs of large companies and their employees. The successful candidate will have a good standard of secondary education, however, a degree or qualification in Business or Marketing is desirable. You will need to be computer literate and familiar with Word, Excel and other desktop applications. You must have a car for client meetings across the local area. In this Business Development role you will need to have excellent telephone and personal communication skills as calling and meeting prospective clients is a huge part of the role. Experience in Business Development is essential and experience in the training sector is beneficial. As a Learner Recruitment Consultant you will need to be able to work under your own initiative and have a positive can do attitude. With an ability to work under pressure to achieve your targets, being professional but still able to have fun within your role. Employee Engagement Officer Liverpool  ****k basic  bonus scheme  benefits including mileage If you feel youre suited to the job description then please dont hesitate to contact us with an up to date CV. This is an urgent role and the training academy is looking to fill this role as soon as possible. Any language within this job description is not intended to discriminate on any grounds. Specialist Recruitment Partners LTD and the client are equal opportunities employers and welcome applications from all candidates.