Title: English Teacher  Worcestershire
Webindex: 69144444
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: English Teacher Are you an English Teacher looking for an outstanding English Department? This well run English department based in Worcestershire, Bromsgrove is looking for an English teacher to teach English from KS**** to KS**** Can you help? Are you a qualified English Teacher seeking a new challenge in April or half term? Do you have the ability to inspire pupils with your love of the arts? If you think you have the charisma to deliver and go the extra mile, I want to hear from you  English Teacher  April or Half term start available  MPS/UPS  Specialist Training Schools  NQT’s welcome to apply Excellent transport links This **** mixed comprehensive school based in the rural setting of Bromsgrove, Worcestershire is looking for either an NQT or an experienced English Teacher to start half term or April. The school is easily accessible, onsite parking is also available. This is an excellent school for your NQT year; the students here are proud of their school and maintain excellent relationship with staff. Here you can truly teach your lessons and get the support and guidance you need. You will have a mentor who will give you time and provide you with the tools you need to develop, you will also have peer to peer meetings and weekly reviews. The successful candidate will be required to teach English to a range of mixed students and to ensure they are being taught to the best of their abilities. The students here are well behaved and keen to learn, here you will experience minimum behaviour issues and have the chance to really teach science. In return you will be provided with the most up to date equipment and resources including, online and offline facilities, interactive whiteboards and spacious classrooms. The school pride themselves on ensuring the atmosphere is kept friendly and safe. The curriculum opportunities in this school are outstanding and most students stay on in the sixth form. If you would more information regarding this role, please send a CV and covering letter to Cassandra at Edustaff Please note: Only successful candidates will be contacted