Title: School Office Administrator and Team Leader
Webindex: 71866390
Company: HAYS
Description: The Bristol Primary School The school is based within BS**** near the M32 motorway junction. The temporary school site is at Eastgate whilst a new school is being built. An office block is being converted into a school at the moment. We will move into the new school in July 2015. The building is an exciting new school design for **** pupils. School Office Administrator and Team Leader This is an exciting role, which is expected to expand as the school opens. The Trust is looking for a very reliable, responsible person who may have an existing background in local government, small business, charity work or private sector. This role would also involve taking an active participation in pupil recruitment and event organisation. The school office administrator and team leader will be vital component of the school. The role itself is very diverse and will offer the right person a range of challenges daily. The main duties of this post are planning and organisation, staff management, school project management, relationship building, commitment and accountability. You will liaise with the Principal and staff regarding forthcoming events and schedules. Appropriately managing the school office inclusive main office employees, scheduling of the office employees whilst providing on going training, feedback and support to the team. Alongside the Principal you will work closely with the school Business Manager to provide administrative support to all school based projects. As the school office administrator and team leader you will be expected to ensure you create a customer centred approach when dealing with colleagues, parents and pupils. This will be integral as you will be the first point of reference for many in the school. The successful candidates will display the following competencies:  Effective Leadership and team management experience Excellent Interpersonal and communication skills Excellent Organisational and selfmanagement skills; ability to handle multiple responsibilities effectively Goal orientation skills evidenced, including planning, implementation and monitoring Effective problem solving abilities Dependability; readiness to go above and beyond when necessary to reach goals. A strong commitment to the school vision, ethos and values Qualifications and experienced required to apply: Minimum at least 5 GCSE's with English and Maths at grade C or above Minimum of 5 years experience in an office environment with some responsibility Relevant degree would be desirable or equivalent experience necessary Experience of working in the following environments  school, charity, local government, legal or HRM office or similar Closing Date: ****/****/**** Interviews: TBC Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk