Title: Agency Account Manager for the Uk's No **** job site
Webindex: 71885351
Company: REED.CO.UK
Description: reed.co.uk is one of Britain s fastest growing and most innovative online businesses. We re already the UK s number one job site, enjoying a bigger market share than any other employment or training site (source: Experian Hitwise), and we need world class individuals to help us realise our ambitious plans for growth. We re passionate about our brand, product and our users, and we want to meet a highly motivated individual who will share our vision and our passion. The role of the Agency Account Manager is within the Advertising Agency Channel, working with the UK's biggest recruitment advertising agencies and the largest brands in the UK. The role will involve a mixture of telephone sales and face to face sales Principle Accountabilities Initiate contact with agencies over the telephone, meet face to face and develop relationships with all key contacts within each advertising agency. Identify key clients within each agency, conduct client specific meetings and migrate clients to reed.co.uk. Manage live campaigns and show excellent customer service. Demonstrate an in depth knowledge of reed.co.uk's products. Respond to agencies enquiries/requests in a timely and professional manner. Develop a full understanding of current agencies and contacts and build relationships. Support account managers with agency campaigns. Deliver presentations to individuals or whole teams of agency account managers. Meet individual sales targets and KPIs. Manage individual pipeline to ensure true forecasting. Key relationships Head of Sales  Corporate and Ad Agency Direct Sales team Recruitment Consultancy Sales team Marketing Customer Support Account Administrator Qualifications GCSE Maths and English or equivalent (grade C or above) Experience Proven trackrecord of consistent achievement of sales KPIs and sales targets. Knowledge Demonstrate an in depth knowledge of recruitment advertising Knowledge of advertising agencies and their contacts is desirable Strong written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal skills and an ability to interact with a diverse range of people. Results driven, motivated and passionate about sales. Strong commitment to personal excellence, self disciplined and resourceful with excellent attention to detail and time management skills.