Title: PETXi Support Trainer  Sheffield (Arabic speaker)
Webindex: 68701225
Company: Progressive Educational Tools Ltd
Description: Immediate start Please note, the work we offer will be on an ‘as and when’ basis only. Although we cannot guarantee regular work, we will endeavour to offer you as much work as possible. A job has become available for a fluent Arabic speaker to work as a Support Trainer/Learning Support Mentor within the Sheffield area. Job description/duties: To support the pupils in their first language (Arabic) in a vocational environment. To work closely with the training providers to develop bilingual materials to support the vocational content of the course/s using key words/visuals. To aid/support the ESOL tutors if necessary, although English should be the main language of communication. Ensure that pupils understand any work set to gain an ESOL accreditation. To liaise with parents regarding their children's progress in their first language, course tutors, the schools and the course organiser with any concerns or updates about the pupils' progress. Translation of any correspondence between the course/training providers and parents. Applicants will need: To be fluent and literate in all aspects of Arabic Language and have excellent communication skills To have relevant experience of working in a similar environment, supporting learners up to the age of 16 years To have strong literacy skills To be able to work independently and on initiative To be able to provide relevant references The successful candidate will benefit from regular work, with the potential to become more longterm. Working in a friendly environment with a strong, supportive leadership team. Competitive pay rates and career guidance throughout. Please send your CV today to apply. Please ensure that all relevant experience is detailed and that we can obtain references for this. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PETXiSupportTrainerSheffieldArabicspeaker_job****