Title: Year 5 Teacher  Part Time
Webindex: 68803185
Company: PROTOCOL EDUCATION
Description: Year 5 Teacher  Leicester  February Half Term  **** days per week A supportive Primary School in the Leicester area are seeking a dedicated Year 5 teacher to start after half term in February, for 2 days per week until the end of the academic year, for the right candidate. The Primary School caters to students aged **** to 11 years and embodies a strong feeling of community and purpose. The parents and pupils hold the school in high regard. The successful applicant will be able to support and contribute to the school's two main aims; to establish a sense of selfconfidence in students and to encourage the valuing of others. This school boasts fantastic facilities. All the classrooms are equipped with interactive whiteboards. The children are well behaved and generally interested and keen to learn. However, you will need to be a strong practitioner in order to maintain these high standards. You should be a holistic practitioner with Key Stage two experience, who is keen to make a difference in the classroom, keeping your class motivated and developing. If you are interested in progressing your career in a school that values its' staff and their commitment, and are looking to make a reciprocal commitment then this could be the right position for you. Key Tasks for candidate:  Communicate effectively (both orally and in writing) to a variety of audiences  Set appropriate and demanding expectations  Planning, Teaching and Class Management  Set appropriate and demanding expectations  Create a safe, happy, healthy, challenging and effective learning environment We are looking for a General:  Have QTS or an overseas equivalent qualification  Have knowledge of the National Curriculum  Be well organised with high expectations of achievement and behaviour  Enjoy working as part of a team and a good sense of humour  Great time management skills  Experience of teaching KS2  Wants to be involved in helping all children to succeed in a kind and caring environment NQTS very welcome For further information about this and other exciting opportunities please contact Rachael Watchorn on rwatchorn  protocoleducation.com or call **** ****