Title: Higher Level Teaching Assistant (HLTA)  Lewisham
Webindex: 71854482
Company: EDUSTAFF
Description: Are you an experienced and qualified Higher Level Teaching Assistant? Are you looking for a new challenge, would you like to join a supportive and vibrant school? Higher Level Teaching Assistant (HLTA) **** per day Excellent Primary School in Lewisham Exciting Opportunity to join a supportive Primary School An exciting Higher Level Teaching Assistant (HLTA) opportunity has arisen in a client school located in Lewisham, South East London. This role is available immediately and the Headteacher is looking for a qualified, experienced and talented HLTA to start ASAP Located in Lewisham, South East London this Popular Primary school is easily accessed by the Tube and Local Bus. This is a delightful, popular **** form entry school that has an exceptional Headteacher who is extremely supportive and highly regarded by her staff. With excellent facilities this school boasts large classrooms, interactive white boards in every class, and well resourced library, top of the range ICT suite and own car parking facilities. With no behavioural issues at this school and good policies in place by the Senior Leadership Team the main aim of this school is to give every child the foundation of a good education. In the schools last Ofsted inspection (****) they were awarded Outstanding in Care and Guidance and Curriculum and other activities . Ideally they are looking for a Higher Level Teaching Assistant who is experienced, has excellent NC experience, has a great work ethic, is unique, innovate and can inspire young minds. The Head teacher has informed me that you DO need to be a qualified HLTA to apply for this post. The right candidate can expect to join one of the top schools in the Borough for achievement and behaviour, a school that is ever popular among parents, has a great atmosphere with high moral, Governors who are appreciative and supportive and a Headteacher who leads by example. For more information and the chance to be interviewed immediately please send a CV and covering letter to Grant at Edustaff. This is a great opportunity if you re an ambitious and talented HLTA, get in touch today or you could miss out