Title: Primary Supply  North London
Webindex: 62118548
Company: Vision Teaching
Description: As always at this time of year, we are experiencing an influx of supply demand from our Primary Schools based in and around North London. Due to this demand we are heavily recruiting fully qualified teachers to work on a short term, supply basis. Specifically we are looking for teachers with a speciality in the primary sector. We are seeking to recruit flexible proactive teachers who are looking to enjoy teaching without the added responsibilities a permanent full time role brings, such as planning and marking. Short term teaching work can often be a great way for newly qualified teachers and overseas trained teachers to build up experience in a variety of teaching environments before committing to a full time position. The majority of our work is based around the Haringey, Camden, Islington and Hackney areas. We are looking for local teachers who are happy to travel around the district, sometimes at short notice. As our teaching work is based in state schools all applicants must hold a fully recognised teaching degree. UK trained teachers must hold Qualified Teacher Status. Overseas trained teachers without Qualified Teacher Status should be within the first 4 years of UK teaching. We pride ourselves on our customer service, offering every candidate full advice and support whilst supply teaching. If you feel this type of work is right for you please send your CV through to Sarah Horsted. You will then be contacted by one of our helpful staff to arrange a short registration appointment at your convenience. Vision Teaching is committed to the safeguarding and welfare of children, candidates will be subject to a string of suitability and competency checks including an enhanced CRB disclosure issued within the last year and two satisfactory references. If you do not hear from Vision Teaching within **** hours following your application, unfortunately you have not been successful. teacher supply primary