Title: Nursery Manager needed asap
Webindex: 69747324
Company: Connaught Resourcing Ltd 
Description: Our client is seeking a passionate, professional nursery manager with management experience to work within a nursery based in the Stourbridge area, your duties will include the following; To be responsible for and to oversee the day to day management, staffing, organisation and smooth running of the Nursery. The role itself will run for **** year and could become perm. To develop the ethos of For Under Fives and to create a welcoming and family friendly environment. To be a member of the management team and to contribute to the strategic planning, monitoring, evaluation and development of the Nursery. To be responsible at all times for high standards of care and education of children between **** to five years in accordance with statutory requirements. To ensure the EYFS is promoted and delivered within the setting and the principles adhered to. To ensure effective communication between the Day Care staff and with all partner organisations. To order and maintain equipment and resources in the Nursery To be accountable and responsible for day to day financial systems directly relating to the Day Nursery provision. To be responsible for admissions in line with the admissions policy agreed by the management team at Head Office. To keep a register and up to date records of all children using the Day Care provision and to give regular feedback to parents about their child s development and progress. To be responsible for organising training and monitoring students in the Day Care provision. Requirements For this role, you must have a qualification in childcare. Our client desires the candidate to have previous experience with management. This role is to start immediately on a long term basis full time Monday Friday. The successful candidate will need an up to date CRB, and have at least 2 years management with nursery or children centre. Our Company Connaught Education is a specialist recruitment agency where over time, have established excellent relationships with school and nurseries across the West Midlands and London. As a registered candidate, you will receive a personal consultant who will support your career, excellent rates of pay, one to one briefing for interviews/assignments. If you have the relevant qualification and experience please forward your CV or call Shirley for further details on (Apply online only) Connaught Education operates as an Employment Business and an Employment Agency. We are a committed equal opportunities employer who respect and value cultural diversity. We are committed to supporting the welfare of children and young people. In support of current Safeguarding legislation and as a DfE Quality Mark agency, we will carry out background checks and an Enhanced CRB Disclosure as part of our recruitment and selection procedures