Title: Health Social Care Assessor x****
Webindex: 71749674
Company: GPRS Recruitment
Description: An opportunity has arisen to join an established, expanding Work Based Learning Programme, as we re looking for **** x Health and Social Care Assessor s on a permanent basis. The successful individual s will to be A**** qualified (or equivalent), ideally hold a teaching qualification (such as PTLLS), and be occupationally competent in care. We ll be looking for appropriate candidates who have their own car with clean drivers license, who will be required to undertake an Enhanced CRB check. Successful applicants will receive a monthly retainer plus reimbursement of mileage costs, and be eligible to receive a considerable Assessor Bonus Scheme. A Training Provider that are experts in their chosen sector our client offers a range of learning opportunities and is committed to meeting and exceeding the needs of learners, employers and staff through the provision of outstanding management and training. Therefore, this role will is to ensure that learners are provided with the training and support required enabling them to achieve a qualification within a specified period of time. I am looking to shortlist a number of top calibre training professionals to help manage and complement their existing and very successful team, and are seeking to attract only the finest talent now These roles require a proactive individual with ambition a passion for people development, a can do attitude, a desire to deliver and pass on knowledge within Health s up to level 3 in a previous role and have experience delivering apprenticeship contracts including functional skills to learners. Non negotiables for this role are good communication and IT skills along with well developed written and oral skills. A self motivated with an outgoing personality and ability to work on your own initiative with excellent organisational skills. Candidates and will be expected to travel to visit learners in the work place. You will be rewarded with a salary of up to ****K (depending upon experience and qualifications), mileage allowance, attractive holiday entitlement together with further training and outstanding career prospects and progression only serving to reaffirm these fantastic opportunities. So if your experience re desire is to join an exciting and fast growing company please express your interest immediately In the first instance please contact Mindi Sunar on (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) now for a highly confidential career discussion. Alternatively forward a current CV . If you can convince Mindi you can fulfil the demands of this highly desirable and rewarding role, we d be keen to discuss the potential of arranging a formal interview for you. Imminent appointments will result GPRS Recruitment whose registered address is The Bankhouse Stafford ST**** ****JU UK confirm that our client has instructed us that the position advertised herein is of a permanent nature