Title: KS**** Supply Teacher, Coventry
Webindex: 68609515
Company: Aspire People
Description: KS**** Supply Teacher Coventry Aspire people are looking for 4 experienced and qualified KS**** Primary Supply Teachers to work in a number of schools throughout Coventry. There will be varying roles available from day to day supply teaching, medium term supply teaching up to 4 weeks and if you would like it long term supply teaching in a set primary school. Aspire People have a mix of schools varying from high achieving through to schools with pupils that have challenging behaviour or learning difficulties. As your consultant I will very much take your preferences on board but more flexible people will get more supply teaching work. The ideal primary supply teacher must be able to do last minute bookings in the morning and be able to drive. Supply teachers must have a lively personality and work very hard. Whilst this job is highly rewarding, enjoyable and provides a large amount of flexibility it requires someone who is willing to get to know the schools and get deeply involved in them. For day to day supply teaching there will be around 34 days work a week, and possibly 5 days a week at periods in the year when it is most busy. We welcome applications from NQTs (newly qualified primary teachers) and Secondary qualified teachers who have experience of working in a primary school. At Aspire People our Primary Supply Teachers are given a large amount of support not just from the consultants but the whole primary team. There is training available to all primary supply teachers so you can not only enhance your skills but keep them up to date. On top of this you may be paid to scale in long term roles and receive holiday pay. For a confidential chat on your next steps in your career please get in touch with CherieAnne Baxter today, or apply to this supply teaching job with your CV and I will call you back as soon as possible. If you wish to find out more about Aspire People and read testimonials from the Supply Teachers working for us please head to our website, just Google Aspire People. Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Criminal Records Bureau.