Title: Teaching Assistant / Cover Superviosrs
Webindex: 69034846
Company: Capita Education
Description: An excellent secondary school based in Hackney are looking for experienced Teaching Assistants to support pupils of various different age groups. The successful candidate will have excellent classroom management skills and previous experience working in Education. The school is looking for candidates who have worked in secondary schools before and ideally would like candidates with a degree. To become part of the Capita supply team at this local Secondary School you will be:  Prepared to commit to this fabulous supply opportunity initially on a day to day basis with a view to more longterm opportunities  An experienced Cover Supervisor with previous experience working within schools  Able to inspire and motivate children of mixed abilities to enjoy and improve their confidence  A strong classroom manager with the ability to use inspiration techniques to create order and deal with challenges  A great role model with a real sense of responsibility for the outcomes for your children  Used to working as part of a team to enhance the overall abilities of children across the school  Approachable and have a calm and communicative approach to problem solving As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated Secondary Consultant  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay  Excellent opportunities for CPD Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding teaching role please contact Tariq Kanani at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** **** or email Tariq.kananicapita.co.uk