Title: Senior Regional Partnership Manager – South
Webindex: 72598696
Company: UCAS
Description: Location: South of England (The Role Will Cover One of the Southern Regions and Lead the Regional Partnership Managers in the Other Three Southern Regions) Centre of Excellence : Customer Experience Contract: Full time , Permanent Salary: **** to **** (dependent on experience) Role Overview : The UK Education sector is increasingly complex and our role is ensuring we support all of our members who face very different challenges. As part of our commitment to putting customer need at the heart of what we do, our Regional Partnership Managers are based across the UK with direct responsibility for managing the relationship with our member institutions alongside Colleges and Schools. The Partnership Management team enables UCAS to understand the needs of our stakeholders, in order to help inform the decisions made within the organisation as we continually seek to improve what we offer. The team also plays a role in ensuring our members are communicated with effectively and make the most of their membership. The Senior Regional Partnership Manager role provides a great opportunity for the right candidate to make a major impact for UCAS and our members by providing leadership and support to a team of Regional Partners in the North or South. Reporting directly to the Head of Partnership Management you will have the ability to influence the decisions that are made within the organisation. Role Responsibilities : Provide leadership and guidance to team members ensuring they are supported towards achieving their objectives. Manage the relationships with HEIs, private institutions, Colleges and Schools ensuring there is one senior point of contact and a means of escalation for any incoming strategic queries or issues. Responsible for the overall partner relationships, including: strategic planning, revenue growth targets and all operations necessary to profitably retain, grow and service the customer gaining early insight into potential policy changes. Strengthen and develop relationships with a range of decisionmakers and help broaden UCAS strategic direction, brand image, membership and product and service offering. Evaluate the potential implications of gathered intelligence for UCAS and share effectively with UCAS colleagues providing recommendations and required actions where appropriate. Provide thought leadership and write white papers to be presented to senior managers within UCAS. Identify business opportunities with partners and align UCAS products/services accordingly. Minimum Criteria: Significant knowledge and experience of the Education sector The role will understand the interrelationship between Higher, Further and Secondary education to allow strategic opportunities to be maximised for UCAS, our partners and the applicants. Track record of managing budgets and income targets Track record of setting objectives and successfully managing team performance against these objectives Ability to problem solve and spot opportunities for expansion, development and revenue growth Graduate calibre or equivalent and able to demonstrate continuous personal development How to apply: Should you wish to apply for this role please send a CV and covering letter, which outlines your reasons for applying for the role, please click the APPLY button below. Those invited to interview will be asked to give a presentation about the challenges facing the UK Education Sector. UCAS values diversity and is committed to equality of opportunity UCAS does not discriminate on grounds of age, nationality, race, ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation or disability