Title: Secondary Maths (With ICT) SEN Teacher
Webindex: 69505204
Company: Capita Education
Description: Secondary Mathematics (with ICT) Teacher needed to teach in an independent SEN schools which meets the needs of children with high functioning Autism and Apserges. My client is looking for a dynamic, flexible and enthusiastic SEN teacher to join their team to teach maths and ICT to secondary aged pupils. The right candidate will be committed into providing the best opportunities for the group they teach and ensure every child is supported to achieve their full potential. Ideally need: . Qualified Teacher of maths (with ICT) . Experience with teaching within an SEN School with Autism and Asperges . Essentially Work well under pressure . Enabling the best outcomes for challenging group learners . Dynamic, enthusiastic and flexible If you have all the relevant qualification and skill set please do not hesitate to call Emily Sheward on **** or alternatively please email emily.shewardcapita.co.uk Capita offers a comprehensive and dynamic recruitment experience, working with our teachers and support staff to provide a service that offers the best outcome for both our clients and candidates. Our SEN team are experts in the field of Special Educational Needs and all have experience of working with young people within this sector. We offer a wide variety of different educational settings for our teachers as well as both day to day and longer term bookings. We recognise the abilities of our SEN staff and as such upon successful application we offer very competitive rates of pay as well as ongoing CPD and Team Teach Training. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, agenda, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing approved payroll partner. We guarantee to increase your takehome pay compared to PAYE by offsetting legitimate business expenses against your income. Details provided upon application.