Title: Primary Teachers needed for Abu Dhabi Education Reform  extraordinarily high salary
Webindex: 66693710
Company: Teachanywhere
Description: How would you like to be part of an Exciting Education Reform project taking place in the beautiful Emirate of Abu Dhabi? This is one of the best paid teaching projects in the world. Interested? Please read on Face to Face interviews: LONDON and DUBLIN February ****013 Required: Qualified PRIMARY Teachers Start Date: AUGUST 2013 Primary trained teachers are required for an educational project to implement quality teaching in local National Schools in the Abu Dhabi Emirate. Teachers will be posted to any of the schools the government administers throughout the state. This is a great opportunity for those who want to challenge their teaching skills and who are ready to be flexible and adapt to the cultural differences that arise when teaching in a country different from your own. This is a government funded project and offers very competitive salaries compared to other teaching opportunities abroad. **** **** per month tax free (250pm for holding a Masters degree) depending on years of experience Medical insurance for teacher and eligible family (up to 3 dependents under ****yrs) Flights for self. Flight allowance for dependents yearly. Housing up to 3 bedroom apartment suited to dependent status. Single teachers get 1 bedroom apartment. No school fee allowance for dependents. Abu Dhabi, UAE, is one hour away from Dubai and is similarly westernised, shiny and welcoming with beaches, clubs, restaurants and shopping galore. Abu Dhabi is the largest and wealthiest of the United Arab Emirates and is the capital of the UAE. Applicants must be fully qualified teachers and have state school teaching qualifications from the UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Canada or US such as a Bachelors or Masters of Education for Primary, or a degree  HDE/PGCE for Primary or a Licensed Singaporean Teacher. Note that you will not be given a choice of specific school within Abu Dhabi due to the scale of this program. 2 year contract End of contract gratuity of 1 full month per year of service.