Title: Media and Advertising Manager (Public Affairs/Lobbying/Policy)
Webindex: 71882376
Company: RECRUITMENT BESPOKE
Description: Media and Advertising Manager (Public Affairs/Lobbying/Policy). Central London. Full TIme Permanent. Up to ****k plus benifits. and annual performance related bonus. A stunning opportunity for a media/advertising professional to join an extremely dynamic and professional organisation which is one of the advertising industry s most senior and influential membership bodies. It represents the interests of over **** British advertisers on everything connected with advertising and marketing communications. The organisations purpose is to maintain and enhance the media trading environment for advertisers, working flexibly with legislators, regulators and industry as necessary. In a nutshell this role will require someone to work on behalf of advertiosing rather than in it and allow someone to use the skills and experience picked up in an agency or within a tv environment and start to work as a n ambassidor and key representative to improve the business landscape for the major advertisers in the market place. The Role This role is unique. The Media and Advertising Manager is responsible for identifying and communicating media/advertising issues  often urging media owners and agencies to be more transparent and accountable  and lobbying on behalf of advertisers. Specific duties include; Facilitating Action Groups  The organisations success is largely driven by the collective involvement of its members. Action Groups are central to this operation, providing a forum where members identify, discuss and pursue key issues. The Media and Advertising Manager works with the members, especially the Groups Chairmen, to set the overall direction of the organisations Audio Visual Action Group and Futures Group, and works alongside the Marketing Services Manager to facilitate its Digital, Data and Direct Action Group. This will involve producing and distributing the relevant supporting material (e.g. agendas, issues briefs, and minutes), maintaining strong industry relationships, not least with the organisations key advertising members, and pursuing all agreed actions. Representing members interests Maintaining relationship with key industry trade bodies, including AA, IPA, Thinkbox, RadioCentre, OMC, PPA, Newsworks and CAA, as well as external media research bodies, including; BARB, UKOM, ABC, NRS, POSTAR, RAJAR and JICREG. The role will involve occasional international travel, representing UK advertisers at several WFA committee meetings. Servicing members  The Media and Advertising Manager will provide members with guidance (often as a first point of contact) on a wide range of mediarelated issues. This is likely to involve liaising with Government, regulators and relevant industry bodies. Networking  Liaising with key industry figures is a large part of this role in order to stay up to date with industry developments. This will involve attending/networking at industry events and seminars, including ISBA s own annual conference and other networking events. Essential Experience Skills Broad media experience , most likely gained client or agencyside. Knowledge of media landscape and its workings; clear grasp of media trading and the digital space Good communicator , confident, articulate and personable, able to assert themselves in large meetings, stimulating discussion and extracting action Excellent administration  time management and process skills