Title: Community Placement Officer  Derby
Webindex: 69596279
Company: Morello Recruitment Solutions
Description: Community Placement Officer  Chesterfield and surrounds **** pa Our client is a long established and leading welfare to work and training provider of adult and youth learning across the UK. They are currently seeking to recruit a Community Placement Officer to be based in Chesterfield in Derbyshire but to cover Chesterfield/High Peak/Glossop/Buxton. You will be responsible for supporting unemployed customers, through barrier identification and resolution to enable them to enter the employment market via the creation of Community Work Placements, undertaking effective job matching activities resulting in suitable placement outcomes and identifying sustainable employment opportunities for customers. To ensure high levels of customer service are maintained through follow up contact with employers, customers and other involved parties. What you'll be doing Work with customers on a one to one and group basis to support them into suitable community work placements Build links with local employers and provide help, advice and guidance to potential placement providers and employers to overcome any barriers to employing someone on a programme. Ensure potential placement providers and employers provide an environment which is compatible with customer's individual needs Liaise with job search tutors to ensure customer's job aspirations match their abilities Evaluate every placement provider in conjunction with company policies and procedures including Health and Safety, Equal Opportunities, Employment Regulations etc. Carry out Health Safety pre placement audits in accordance with company procedures To create and build a bank of suitable community work placements. To ensure all customers commence placements within **** working days To complete all administration duties associated with the placements. To provide customers with ongoing pastoral support during their time on placement including placement reviews To carry out such other duties as requested by your line manager/Business Manager/Head Of Operations What you'll need to have: Previous experience of working with long term job seekers and assisting them back into employment Confidence to motivate customers and match to appropriate placements. Intermediate Health and Safety qualification Be highly organised. Good administration and IT skills. Previous experience of meeting demanding monthly targets and working with a diverse range of customers. Quality driven with a passion for the delivery of excellent services. Ability to work flexibly as a member of a team Minimum GCSEs in English and Maths Excellent verbal and written communication skills In return you will be offered a salary of **** pa A CRB will be taken up upon appointment. If you would like to join this thriving training provider then please apply online to Cheryl Maroney or Catherine Leonard at Morello Recruitment Solutions quoting M1894 Morello Recruitment Solutions are acting as an Employment Business in respect of this vacancy. Morello, are a specialist, independent agency, recruiting for the Skills, FE and Welfare to Work Sectors, on a temporary and permanent basis for London and across the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommunityPlacementOfficerDerby_job****