Title: Nursery Nurse  Heathrow
Webindex: 70761093
Company: Asquith Nurseries
Description: Asquith is the UK s leading provider of premium childcare with a portfolio of 81 Nurseries. We are currently looking for a Level 3 Nursery Nurse to join our team at our Heathrow Day Nursery. Our friendly, bright nursery is based in a Victorian Grade II listed vicarage with lots of character. We re conveniently situated just off the M4 on a quiet village High Street with plenty of parking and a bus to the Heathrow terminals. We re rated Good by Ofsted. Our opening hours are 7.30am 6.30pm. Tell me more about the responsibilities of a Nursery Nurse within Asquith? As Nursery Nurse you will be a Key person carrying out all related responsibilities in building relationships with small groups of children and their families. You will provide high standards of quality within the Nursery including the environment, resources and experiences offered to children. Observe, support and extend children s learning Plan appropriately for children using the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) curriculum for guidance. Ensure that children are kept safe and that staff understand and when necessary follow safeguarding procedures. Ensure that the nutritional needs of the children are met and the Food Safety Regulations are complied with. Work with area SENCOs, EYFS advisors, health professionals and local Sure Start programmes as appropriate. Undertake a shared responsibility for health, safety and cleanliness throughout the nursery. What experience and qualifications must I have to apply? Minimum Level 3 qualification or equivalent Understanding of EYFS Previous childcare experience Possess leadership qualities Excellent communicator Asquith Nurseries are committed to ensuring everyone in our organisation is responsible for Safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All successful candidates will be required to undertake an enhanced CRB disclosure. Due to a high level of applications, only successful candidates will be contacted