Title: Nursery Nurses needed in Folkstone
Webindex: 66705618
Company: Capita Education
Description: Level 3 Nursery Nurse needed in Folkestone JOB TITLE  Nursery Nurse SETTING  Nursery LOCATION  Folkestone RATE OF PAY  **** per hour TYPE OF ROLE  Supply  contract to start ASAP Capita Education is seeking a number of qualified Nursery Nurses who hold a Level 3 NVQ/CACHE qualification in childcare and has worked in a childcare environment within the last two years. You will need to have a caring and positive attitude and have the flexibility to be able to work with the children between the ages of 0 5 years. In addition, you must be able to demonstrate your ability to work well as part of a team as you will be working alongside other colleagues and staff members. The 3 positions available are: **** 12 Monday  Friday and it will be working one to one with a 3 year old child who has Downs Syndrome and English is his 2nd language. **** Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays 11.304.30 Monday  Friday The successful candidates must be qualified as stated above and able to work in FOLKESTONE. At Capita, we match every candidate to the specific needs of our schools and ensure the best fit to the dynamics of all classes. We believe that supply support staff can make an important contribution to a child's education and we expect our candidates to feel the same. To further your career in this hugely important and rewarding learning environment, contact us now so you do not miss out on the perfect position By working for Capita Education Resourcing as a Nursery Nurse, you will . . . Have a friendly, dedicated and specialist recruitment consultant to support you Earn high competitive rates of pay Be able to attend FREE professional development courses Work for a well established company Work in some of the most highly respected nurseries in Kent Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding nursery nurse role, please contact Sally Nefzaoui at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** or email sally.nefzaouicapita.co.uk