Title: SENCo Teaching Job, Medway, Kent
Webindex: 72241559
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: SENCo SEN Teaching Job (SEN), Gillingham, Kent Start: April ****013 Rate: TLR**** level dependent on qualifications  SEN2 allowance Capita Education's dedicated SEN division are currently looking for dedicated and talented SENCo for a Pupil Referral Unit based in the Medway area, Kent. This Pupil Referral Unit in Medway provides for Key Stage **** pupils who have been permanently excluded from mainstream school. Many students exhibit social, emotional and behavioural difficulties. There is also a growing number of students with English and a Second Language. Students, taught in small groups of six, are supported by qualified and experienced staff. The school regularly works closely with other agencies within the community to enhance the learning provision of students. Students leave the school with accredited awards and many go on to further education. The successful SENCo will carry out the duties of a class teacher and oversee and coordinate the schools work, identifying, assessing, monitoring and supporting children in the school with Special Educational Needs (SEN). There is also the requirement to provide offsite provision to students who are unable to attend the Centre. To be considered for the post of SENCo you must have:  Qualified Teacher Status  Experience of working with SEN learners in a school or PRU  The SENCo qualification or currently undertaking the qualification  The ability to manage oneself but have the ability to work as part of a team under pressure  High levels of ICT skills  Proven teaching skills and the ability to coach other teachers and share good practice  An uptodate knowledge of the code of practice and the statutory processes in place for SEN learners At Capita Education we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even if it is just to say 'Thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Education SEN supply Team in Kent you will benefit from:  A dedicated SEN Consultant  Plenty of variety and choice of work  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent SEN CPD opportunities  The opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme If you are an experienced SEN Teacher, a trained SENCo or in the process of qualifying; are able to inspire challenging young people, and would like the challenge of working in a demanding yet rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you. Apply today or for more information on this SENCo teaching job or other SEN teaching jobs across Kent, contact Tara Lancaster, SEN Recruitment Consultant, at the Maidstone branch. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SENCoTeachingJobMedwayKent_job****