Title: Senior Nursery Nurse / Room Leader/ Nursery Third in Charge
Webindex: 69932258
Company: Phoenix Personnel
Description: Due to expansion my client has an exciting opening for Senior Nursery Practitioner in Farnham. You will work as part of the management team to provide leadership and management to staff within the room and to ensure that all children receive the highest standards of care and education. My client is a leader in Early Years with a number of fantastic modern friendly nurseries across the UK. To apply for this role you must be qualified to a minimum of Level 3 in Early Years Childcare or equivalent with at least 2 years qualified experience. Key Responsibilities Childcare and Education Promote high standards of quality within the nursery in respect of the environment, resources and experiences offered to children. Provide professional and relevant feedback to parents/carers about their child. Ensure all records of development and learning are fully and accurately maintained by the appropriate staff. Ensure that planning meetings take place regularly. Provide leadership and support to playroom staff to enable them to establish and maintain positive working relationships. Ensure that practice and provision in the nursery meets the requirements of the Early Years Foundation Stage. Ensure the effective implementation of the nursery keycarer procedures and allocate children to keycarers appropriately. Ensure that children are kept safe and that staff understand and, when necessary, follow Safeguarding Procedures. Support the development of good practice with regards to special needs and inclusion. Implement and support others in delivering the EYFS in line with current practice and guidelines. Health and Safety Undertake a shared responsibility for health safety and cleanliness throughout the nursery. Adhere to all health and safety policy and procedures. Be fully aware of all emergency and security procedures. Staff Support and supervise staff with their daytoday duties. Support and mentor staff and students. Be responsible for taking part in all self development activities such as appraisals. In conjunction with the Manager/Deputy identify and address individual training needs of playroom staff. Develop open and positive working relationships with staff For more information please apply with your CV via the link to Wendy at Phoenix Personnel  specialists in Early Years recruitment