Title: English Common Entrance Teacher  Preparatory School
Webindex: 70762268
Company: Connaught Resourcing Ltd 
Description: English Common Entrance Teacher  Independent Preparatory School  September 2013 Our client is looking to appoint an enthusiastic and well qualified common entrance specialist (English ****) who is interested in senior management possibilities. The successful candidate will be required from September 2013. You will be responsible for working with and supporting students who are undertaking there **** Common Entrance examinations. Our Client:  ISI Inspection Excellent  Aged ****  Independent Preparatory School One of the most creative and forward thinking west London day schools seeks a highly experienced Common Entrance specialist, who has a view to become deputy head. Candidate Profile:  A highly qualified and experience teacher, who must have independent sector experience  Excellent working knowledge of the Common Entrance papers (**** English)  Proven experience of the Common Entrance syllabus  Forward thinking and creative teacher who seeks to use today s technology Connaught Education seeks the highest calibre teacher with an extensive knowledge of the independent school sector. Candidates with independent school experience is essential for this position. To find out more about this exciting opportunity. Please make contact with Ryan Killingback at Connaught Education as soon as possible. Short listing will take place instantly with interviews following shortly after. English Common Entrance Teacher  Independent Preparatory School  September 2013 Connaught Education operates as an Employment Business and an Employment Agency. We are a committed equal opportunities employer who respect and value cultural diversity. We are committed to supporting the welfare of children and young people. In support of current Safeguarding legislation and as a DfE Quality Mark agency, we will carry out background checks and an Enhanced CRB Disclosure as part of our recruitment and selection procedures