Title: Advanced Skills Teacher of Mathematics
Webindex: 69007136
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Are you an Advanced Skills Teacher of Mathematics? Would you like to work in an expanding, outstanding Inner City School located in central London? Would you like to work in an outstanding Inner City school that is rated within the top 1% of schools for Value Added?? Applications for this fantastic Advanced Skills Teacher of Mathematics post are now open. Don t delay in applying for this exciting role, as you might miss out Advanced Skills Teacher of Mathematics Top rated Secondary School graded outstanding in **** and 2011 School rated in the top 1% of the country for VA Fantastic Mathematics Department 1st Class Facilities Inspirational Leadership Team Advanced Sills Teacher Pay Scale depending on experience September 2013 start Are you an outstanding Maths Teacher looking for a whole school role, as well as being a key figure in the provision and development of Mathematics? What about taking an active part in the overall development of the school?? This is an outstanding and very popular **** secondary school situated in central London. It has recently undergone a large refurbishment including a brand new building with state of the art facilities and infrastructure. There are currently **** pupils on the school role (including 6th form). However, due to the popularity of the school, they are expanding and predict this to increase to **** within the next couple of years. The Governors and Head Teachers are looking to appoint an Advanced Skills Teacher of Mathematics. They are looking for someone who works proactively and in close collaboration with all other school leaders, and where required with external leaders and organisations to facilitate their strategic deployment on outreach work. You will be expected to play an active part in the overall development of the school as well as their specific subject area, acting as lead learners responsible for cultivating, disseminating and supporting colleagues in implementing best practice and the highest standards of learning and teaching, and you will be expected to work to the direction of the Head Teacher and where appropriate take on line management responsibility for other members of staff. Does this sound like you, are you interested? If so, then you need to have qualifications appropriate to this post. You should have successful experience of leading curriculum innovation that has led to improved standards of achievement and the highest standards of learning and teaching in Mathematics and have evidence of sustained impact on standards of achievement and levels of progress within their chosen subject area. If you would like to apply for this excellent post please get in touch ASAP. For more information and the chance to interview at this top school please email a CV and covering letter to Nigel at Edustaff