Title: Inclusion Support Practitioner
Webindex: 68705178
Company: Celsian Education
Description: Celsian Education are recruiting for an Inclusion Support Practitioner in south Birmingham. The position is for 4 days a week and will start after the Easter half term. Duties will include:  To work effectively as an Inclusion Support Practitioner (ISP) with children referred to the Under **** Team of the Communication and Learning Difficulties Team (CLD), in accordance with Specialist Inclusion Support Service policy and procedures  To support schools and settings to meet the needs of young children with additional needs.  To support the teachers of the Under **** Team to ensure that the educational needs of children with additional needs are met  To support families and partners in other agencies to meet the needs of young children with additional needs  Visiting children in various homes, schools and settings to support the :  Delivery of differentiation and modification of the curriculum  Childs social and emotional needs and learning strategies  Childs personal and social development  Supporting parents and families in their understanding of their childs additional needs and the implications for:  Educational needs  Personal management  Personal and social development  Signposting other services available for professionals and parents/carers, Ensuring that the views of the family are considered at all times.  Contributing towards statutory assessments including the implementation of IEPs, delivery of the objectives in the statements of SEN and contributing to annual reviews as appropriate.  Implementing effective strategies and supporting the monitoring and assessment of the progress of young children with additional needs and to use the information gained to inform practice.  Contributing to the delivery of training and coaching for schools, settings and other professionals.  Modelling, supporting and developing the work and skills and knowledge of teaching assistants working with young children on their caseload.  Working collaboratively with families, other professionals and voluntary organisations. Celsian Education has been placing teachers and teaching assistants into jobs in schools since **** and operates throughout a network of offices across the UK enabling us to respond to your needs quickly and effectively. Celsian was one of the first agencies to be awarded the DfE Quality Mark, an essential guide to Quality and Professionalism. Applicants will be expected to undergo a facetoface interview, reference checks and an enhanced CRB disclosure. Celsian Education is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education. Celsian Education is a trading name of Carlisle Staffing plc. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InclusionSupportPractitioner_job****