Title: Year **** Primary Teacher in Birmingham
Webindex: 72239955
Company: PK Education
Description: A primary school in Birmingham is looking for an innovative Year **** teacher to start as soon as possible. Although the school is in a good catchment area there are some challenging pupils so a teacher with good classroom management skills is a must. Duties  Teaching all areas of the primary curriculum.  Taking responsibility for the progress of a class of primary age pupils.  Organising the classroom and learning resources to create a positive learning environment.  Planning, preparing and presenting lessons that cater for the needs of the whole ability range within their class.  Motivating pupils with enthusiastic, imaginative presentation.  Maintaining discipline.  Preparing and marking to facilitate positive pupil development.  Meeting requirements for the assessment and recording of pupils  ' development.  Providing feedback to parents on pupils? Progress at parent's evenings and other meetings.  Working with others to plan and coordinate work.  Staying up to date with changes and developments in the structure of the curriculum.  Taking part in school events and activities which may take place at weekends or in the evening.  Liaising with colleagues and working flexibly. The right candidate  QTS, we welcome applications from NQTs  Motivated to work hard and go the extra mile  Great communication skills and the ability to build longlasting relationships  A good track record and references. What will PK Education offer you in return for your hard work? You will be allocated a dedicated consultant that will listen to what your requirements are and work around your other commitments. On top of all this we will offer you:  A competitive salary  career development, training and mentoring  local work  Help and Advice relative to your Career We look forward to you contacting us today and we will answer any further questions you may have. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Year6PrimaryTeacherinBirmingham_job****