Title: Apprenticeship Assessor (Sales, Bus Admin Customer Service)
Webindex: 71530244
Company: QA Ltd
Description: Apprenticeship Assessor (Sales, Bus Admin Customer Service) West London Slough As the Assessor you will ideally hold the A**** qualification to be able to assess the learners carrying out onsite inhouse Apprenticeship assessments for the City Guilds assignments, mentoring and coaching our apprentices in work placements and/or employment to ensure completion of the mandatory units. You will have excellent customer facing, interpersonal and communication skills, along with the ability to work independently. Good knowledge of Government funded Apprenticeship programmes would be an advantage. Main Accountabilities:  Work with the Team Lead to achieve agreed volumes of learner achievement in line with the business strategy and plans.  Carry out high quality mentoring and coaching to employed and/or work placement apprentices to ensure City and Guilds units are completed within agreed time lines  To be willing to travel and complete assessment of all related assignments, covering incentre, work placements and employed Apprentices  Ensure that the mandatory units are delivered in accordance with the agreed procedures and processes and within the agreed dead lines  Work with the internal and external partners to ensure that agreed quality standards are met.  Work with the internal placement team to ensure learners can achieve the mandatory units while in work placement/employment.  Ensure that programmes are delivered in accordance with the organisations Equal Opportunities and Health and Safety Policies. Experience/Skills Required:  Previous experience of assessing learners on apprenticeships in Business and Administration is desirable  A**** Assessors Award, desirable  V**** Verifiers Award, desirable  A recognised Business and Administration qualification would be desirable, but is not essential  Knowledge of the Government funded Apprenticeship frameworks is desirable  Excellent communication skills  Ability to identify and help apprentices to overcome potential barriers to progress and achievement  Working at all times lawfully and in accordance with the predefined regulatory, compliance and financial requirements. E.g. Data Protection, Code of Conduct, Ofsted regulations, City and Guilds regulations and Health and Safety.  It is QA s recruitment policy to promote equal opportunities for all, irrespective of colour, race, nationality, ethnic origin, sex or disability