Title: Senior Insight Executive  Media Agency Quant
Webindex: 71879432
Company: RP CUSHING
Description: Our client is one of the highest billing media Agencies . They are known for offering exceptional client service and really helping their advertisers connect with their consumers and get them to interact with the brand. The role itself is to join the quant team and support the Research Managers and Directors, supporting projects within the media agency as a whole and the interrogation of media planning, as well as developing more junior members of the team. You will be a main point of contact for other teams within the agency and offer training support to them. With client projects you will be tasked with the set up through to actionable insights. helping Directors write proposals and assisting them of identifying future client prospects. To do this role successfully you will need to gain a good understanding of the tools used, and offering support to others on these. What is exciting about the role at this level is that you will also be involved in keeping up with new developments in the research world, and given the opportunity to contribute to newsletters, blogging, supporting on new business pitches on the value of consumer insight. To be considered for this role candidates must have a background in quant research specifically on campaign analysis and brand tracking. A good grounding in running survey projects  sample design, project set up, questionnaire design analysis and report writing are important skills to have t****o be successful in the role. As you will be given the opportunity to write proposals band present you should have some experience at least assisting in either of these tasks previously, and should have the desire to want to take that experience to the next step. candidates that have a media research background and experience in using tools such as TGI/Touch points would be at a strong advantage. This company is renowned for its devotion to rewarding and developing employees, the benefits package is just one of the perks to role. Constant incentives and infinitives make this company a vibrant and exciting place to work If you would like to apply for this role of know more about the opportunity please contact me asap.