Title: Marketing Executive  entrepreneurial brand
Webindex: 71871642
Company: AD LIB
Description: We`re on the hunt for a talented and dynamic Marketing Executive who is looking for an exciting, brand new opportunity to work with a fresh and entrepreneurial business. This exciting brand is really making waves in their market and boasts some impressive partners and brand ambassadors. With a brilliant product behind them, they`re in a fantastic position to continue their growth and make 2013 a really successful year. As a key part of the marketing team, you`ll be instrumental in making this happen. So, what are we looking for from this new Marketing Executive? Well, you`ll come with a strong background in marketing, preferably 2 years` experience in a similar role. As part of a small, focused and forward thinking team, you will be planning, executing and evaluating innovative and creative marketing campaigns, online and offline in line with the marketing plan and business strategy. You will develop and deliver email campaigns and ensure that website content is refreshing and informative, focusing on driving customer engagement. Educated to degree level, in a marketing, business or related discipline, the ideal candidate will have all round marketing experience and exceptional organisational, planning, and communications skills. You should be a selfstarter with a generous helping of commercial nous and of course with your infectious personality to boot you`ll be able to take this brilliant new brand to great heights. A team player, you`ll be joining a small (but perfectly formed), team in open plan offices that truly inspire creativity. You should enjoy mucking in and getting your hands dirty across departments and pulling together to deliver fantastic results. So if this sounds like you, and you like the idea of a salary circa ****k, coupled with excellent career opportunities and a brilliant working environment then don`t delay send your CV in to Hannah at ADLIB today