Title: Education Resourcer for Leading Education Agency based in the City and Essex
Webindex: 69192859
Company: Destination Education
Description: Destination Education is one of London?s leading education recruitment agencies who are looking to expand there already successful team. We are an established Teaching agency that recruits teachers on a global level from Canada, Australia, New Zealand, United States and the United Kingdom. Due to expansion of our Primary London and Essex desk, we have an immediate vacancy for an experienced Recruitment resourcer to work in our Brentwood office in Essex. We are a quality marked agency with some of the country?s highest billers in this sector who take great pride in our service to our clients and therefor we are only looking for quality candidates with the following: ? Minimum of **** year of candidate resourcing experience ? Ambitious, tenacious, resilient and confident with strong negotiation skills ? Superb telephone manner and persuasive abilities together with excellent research skills and the ability to multitask ? Ability to portray a persistent, and positive attitude ? Strong interpersonal skills with effective listening and enquiry abilities, both inperson and via telephone ? Able to cope with pressure and meet targets ? A good team player with the ability to work on own initiative Your Responsibilities: Resourcing teachers, writing adverts, searching CV?s. Managing all aspects of the database associated with booking teachers, updating information on schools and teachers. You will be an essential team member making a valued contribution to the sales team Therefore we are looking for the best possible fit for the team and so your approach, energy and enthusiasm are as important as your experience. Due to the high number of responses to our adverts we are unable to respond individually to everyone. If you have not heard from us within **** working days you may safely assume that we are not moving forward with your application. PLEASE NOTE: You must be currently eligible to work in the UK for longer than one year. If you feel you have all of the above qualities please forward your comprehensive CV to [contact details removed] and please state your available start date