Title: ENGLISH POSITION  AMAZING SCHOOL
Webindex: 70319411
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: o English Teacher GCSE/A level Central London o OFSTED (2010) 'Outstanding School ' o September start Temp To Perm o Excellent facilities / Strong Leadership team Are you a qualified teacher of English that's interested in teaching English to GCSE and A level in a successful coed comprehensive school located in Central London from this February 2013? Due to an internal promotion there is an opportunity for a dynamic and creative English teacher to join a large faculty to teach English at both GCSE and A level. OFSTED visited the school last in 2010 and graded it as 'a good school with some outstanding features', in particular the effectiveness of the 6th form was graded as 'outstanding'. The Senior Management team is strong and is lead by a fantastic Headteacher who is approachable, effective and has a calming presence and influence on the school. The school is an inclusive environment and you can't help but notice the strong and positive rapport that exists between. You will be responsible for teaching both mixed ability and streamed classes so you must be able to plan effectively and differentiate all your lessons to cater for the individual needs. You must have high expectations of your students and be ready to go the extra mile to ensure they attain and surpass their goals and expected grades. The students are from a diverse range of backgrounds which creates an interesting, vibrant and exciting classroom atmosphere. There are over **** languages spoken at the school so previous experience working with EAL students would be advantageous. The school has recently finished a large scale revamp of the entire site so you will be working in facilities less than 6 months old that are furnished with the most up to date technologies including interactive whiteboards in every classroom. The school is easily accessible via the northern line and overland rail network. The senior team is very strong and there is an excellent approach to whole school support with regards to behaviour management. For More information on this and many others, please Email your CV ASAP to brettcareerteachers.co.uk Alternatively, call Brett in the first instance on **** **** **** Career Teachers are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and raising standards across ALL levels. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.