Title: LEARNER MENTOR (for Literacy and Numeracy)
Webindex: 66755559
Company: TLE Skills for Life
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION Job Title: Learner Mentor – Numeracy,Literacy Reports To: Centre Manager Contract **** year contractmaternity cover Location: Harrow Summary of main purpose of role To guide, support and motivate learners through their learning journey Key Responsibilities  Setting and marking work, giving appropriate feedback and maintaining records of learners’ progress and development.  Implementing an instructional and inclusive learning program that will result in learners achieving qualifications.  Completing ILP, progress reviews and support logs.  Assisting learner with test preparation as well as coordinating assessment and examination processes.  Booking appointments and contacting learners to discuss course progression and attendance.  Maintaining filing system and collecting required documentation.  Maintaining professional handling of confidential information retained in this role throughout.  Assuring learners’ awareness regarding company policies, procedures and regulations.  Meeting professional obligations through efficient work habits such as: meeting deadlines, honouring schedules, prioritising given tasks.  Reporting to quality team. PERSON SPECIFICATION Essential Desirable Qualifications, Knowledge and Experience  GCSE grade C or above (or equivalent) in English, Maths or IT   Teaching qualification – PTTLS, PGCE   Previous experience of teaching or experience of delivering training  Skills  Excellent presentation skills   Excellent verbal and written communication skills   Ability to work to targets   Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate with a range of people   Ability to work as part of a team  Personal Attributes  Committed to equality and diversity   Flexible   Adaptable   This job description above is intended to provide a general guide to the duties and responsibilities of the post and aims to set this in the context of the framework within, which the post holder is expected to operate. This job description should not be viewed as a legal document nor a set of conditions of service and it can be reviewed at any time in light of the needs of the company.