Title: Advanced Skills Teacher  Languages
Webindex: 71556342
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment   Further Education
Description: ADVANCED SKILLS TEACHER (AST) LANGUAGES To commence from Easter 2013 Salary will be on the AST Pay Spine, based on previous experience In order to move to outstanding we are seeking to appoint an exceptional candidate to join a highly successful teaching team and help to shape the teaching and learning agenda of Broadway School. The school: Broadway School moved into a 21 million new building last year. We are for the second year running in the top 100 most improved schools for sustained improvement in the country  Nick Gibb. .ICT across the curriculum was judged to be outstanding OFSTED 20****. A good school with many outstanding features The strength of the school is its outstanding ethos . Broadway well on its way to outstanding OFSTED 2011. We believe in the potential of every student and we are on an exciting journey to World Class . Investor in People accreditation and a commitment to both staff and student wellbeing. Private healthcare for all staff. The right candidate:  Must have a proven track record of achieving high standards of student achievement.  Will be an outstanding classroom practitioner who will work collaboratively with teachers to develop effective, creative and innovative teaching and learning strategies across teams of teachers.  Is capable of helping to shape the teaching and learning agenda of the school. Closing date: Friday 8th February 2013 at 12 noon. Interviews to be held during week commencing 11th February 2013 For further details and to request a full application pack, please contact Catherine Hubbard at Hays Education on (Apply online only) or via email In addition, you can also visit our recruitment website: (url removed)/jobs/broadway for more information about the school. Broadway School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Contact: Catherine Hubbard T (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) E Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at (url removed)