Title: Education Manager, The Backstage Centre
Webindex: 69764096
Company: CREATIVE & CULTURAL SKILLS
Description: Creative Cultural Skills Creative Cultural Skills supports the skills and training needs of the UK s creative and cultural industries. We deliver through our Skills Academy, a growing network of employers and training providers who are committed to the provision of high quality, industryrelevant creative education and training, apprenticeships and careers advice. We are licenced as a Sector Skills Council by the UK Commission for Employment and Skills. For further information, please visit www.ccskills.org.uk The Backstage Centre The Backstage Centre is a new technical facility located at High House Production Park in Purfleet, Essex, which Creative Cultural Skills opened in October 2012. The building includes a large central space (875m with a 17m ceiling), along with training areas including a CAD studio, lighting and audiovisual studios, generic training spaces, a recording studio and band rehearsal room. The building can support industry events, demonstrations, equipment testing and rehearsal hires. Central to the purpose of the building is the provision of training opportunities for young people, apprentices and professionals. For further information, please visit www.thebackstagecentre.com Role overview To plan and deliver Creative Cultural Skills programme of education and training activity at The Backstage Centre, working in partnership with training providers, colleges, universities, trade associations, industry organizations and the local community. This programme will build upon our Moving East programme (201113), which engaged local education and community organisations with the idea and work of the Skills Academy and The Backstage Centre. Key responsibilities Planning and overseeing education and training activity at The Backstage Centre Liaison with colleges, schools, HEI and industry groups using the Centre Development of training programmes and activities including apprenticeships Budgets and systems Planning and overseeing education and training activity at The Backstage Centre Develop and run an annual programme of education work Manage activity Manage use of the space, rooms and scheduling Work with the Technical Director to ensure industry use of the building is linked to learning activity Liaison with colleges, schools, HEI and industry groups using the Centre Maximise partner engagement with the Centre through provision of training activity to complement industry use Lead on Artsmark, Arts Award and accreditation linked to programmes at the Centre. Promote the Centre s programme with education and industry partners Operate as the main contact for education and industry groups using the Centre (other than industry hires) and provide excellent customer links Attendance at relevant local education meetings e.g. High House Education Community Group and Community Skills Strategy Group. Development of training programmes and activities including apprenticeships Set up and run special programmes and training for education and industry partners Set up and supervise apprenticeships at the Centre Recruit and supervise freelance trainers and workshop leaders Ensure high quality standards of all activity at the Centre backed up by evaluation Budgets and systems Set annual budgets and operate within agreed financial limits Put in place and ensure adherence to legal requirements (e.g. CRB) Ensure compliance with Health Safety and other legal requirements Contribute to business development and fundraising Other requirements Requirement to work unsocial hours on occasion Willingness to acquire relevant qualifications and take part in training as required for any of the above Benefits Contributory Pensions Scheme with Friends Provident Season Ticket Loan 25 Days Annual Leave BUPA Employee Assistance Programme Free Eye Tests Personal Computer Loan Life Assurance This summary provides a general description and is not intended to be comprehensive. It may be altered from time to time as required for business reasons, to meet the changing needs of company.