Title: SEN Teaching Assistants Urgently Required
Webindex: 69007075
Company: Protocol Education
Description: Special Schools throughout Greater Manchester are increasingly turning to Protocol Education to provide specialist SEN support staff to work in their schools on a day to day, medium or long term basis. We are looking for suitable people to join our team of specialist workers who provide support for pupils with a range of learning and/or physical disabilities such as PMLD, SLD, EBD, PRU, MLD, HI and VI. Your typical day can vary greatly depending on the individual needs of the pupils. It could include: Helping with their school work Differentiating work that the teacher has set and contributing to the monitoring and assessment of progress. Helping to increase the pupils confidence, selfesteem and independence Supporting the pupil with Social, Emotional or Behavioural difficulties. Targeted intervention work based on IEP targets Assisting with the pupils physical needs, including hygiene and feeding, as well as assisting with therapy sessions. Working as an SEN teaching assistant is a demanding and challenging role. You will need to show that you have a calm and caring nature and a positive attitude. You should be able to demonstrate excellent understanding of the issues associated with behavioural and social difficulties and have the personality and determination to work with children and young people to help them reengage with education. If you are a qualified SEN teaching assistant with a solid work history and experience, then we are particularly keen to work with you. We will need to be able to reference the last 2 years with no gaps and you need to provide evidence of your qualification and any specialist further training. You will need to be free full time ideally, for at least 6 weeks and be flexible in location of work within Greater Manchester. In return Protocol education can offer a variety of work placements both on a daily basis or longer term. We work hard to place you in a role and a school that you will excel in. You can expect a high level of service from your dedicated consultant, competitive rates of pay and support in further training. All employees are subject to extensive referencing and safeguarding checks