Title: Special Needs Primary Teacher  ASD  South East London
Webindex: 67941921
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description:  South East London  ASD Teacher required  Key Stage **** Primary Class Teacher  Fantastic Special School  Pupils with ASD and Complex Learning Difficulties  Immediate start (or February Half Term)  MPS  SEN Are you seeking a Full time post from January or February Half Term 2013? Do you hold QTS with experience with ASD pupils in an SEN environment? This excellent Special School located in the South East London are looking to appoint a Class teacher for a Key Stage 2 primary class on a permanent basis, working specifically with ASD (Autistic) pupils and other related learning difficulties. The school is a specialist status school dealing with Learning Difficulties including complex needs and autism ranging through pupils aged ****  **** You will be working with the lower ability and age groups, making this a very challenging role but truly rewarding for the right person with the right skill set. Pupils within these classes can be non verbal, so knowledge of PECS and Makaton is both useful and an advantage. Additional training will be provided, but current experience will be an advantage in being shortlisted. If you are interested in being put forward for this position please forward your CV to John at Career Teachers johnmccullaghcareerteachers.co.uk as soon as possible. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.