Title: Business Development Coordinator  Sussex
Webindex: 72192939
Description: Are you an experienced Business Development Manager? Do you have a proven track record in Apprenticeship/Training Sales? Are you looking for a rewarding Business Development Role with one of the UK's leading training providers? This role will involve selling the delivery of Apprenticeships to employers. Employer engagement is the key part of this role and you would be dealing with the end to end of the sale. Some learner engagement will be involved but predominantly Employer Engagement. Initially the successful candidate will focus on networking and attending events to increase the visibility of this Training Provider in the Sussex area. Work Based Learning experience is desirable but not a must, it is more important that you have a strong background in Business Development. A basic salary is being offered at **** as well as a bonus scheme and business mileage package. Do get in touch for full details. The employer also offers 25 days holiday plus bank holidays. The role will involve you building on your existing solid experience in a field sales, business to business Development role in the Work Based Learning industry, especially Apprenticeships, to develop and maximise sales across programmes within the region. The role is target driven and will suit an excellent communicator with strong interpersonal skills. Some of your responsibilities will include:  Identify areas of the business which can be grown profitably and to implement strategies to achieve that growth  Grow learner numbers through:  Meeting with individual and groups of companies to identify new apprenticeship recruitment opportunities  To work with partner colleges to identify new recruitment strategies to generate additional interest  To represent the business and attend relevant conferences and exhibitions  To work with a team of recruitment personnel to ensure that all customer needs are identified and serviced in a timely fashion  To work with the operational team to ensure that all available sales and marketing strategies are fully and effectively implemented If you do want me to consider your CV for this role do email me with an up to date CV and a time that would be good for me to call you at keshia.austinalderwoodeducation.com Alderwood Education are acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.