Title: NQT oR QTS Biology Teacher
Webindex: 71532019
Company: Capita Education
Description: Science Teacher NQT or QTS immediate start ****  **** per day Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire Capita Education Resourcing is currently looking for an exciting and passionate QTS or NQT Science Teacher to work within this superb Secondary school in the Milton Keynes area. This outstanding school supports students to surpass not only academically, but also in extracurricular activities. We are looking for a Teacher with strong classroom management, experienced in Biology and general science with the abilities to maintain and further increase the standards within the department and the school. This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its' exceptional team enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet out total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this local Secondary School you will be:  An NQT or QTS Science Teacher with a real passion for your subject  Able to inspire and motivate children of mixed abilities to enjoy and improve their confidence with Chemistry, Biology & Physics  A strong classroom manager with the ability to use inspiration techniques to create order and deal with challenges  A great role model with a real sense of responsibility for the outcomes for your children  Used to working as part of a team to enhance the overall abilities of children across the school  Approachable and have a calm and communicative approach to problem solving  Able to demonstrate the ability to make Science fun, inspiring and encourage results As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated Secondary Consultant  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay  Excellent opportunities for CPD Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. For further details about this role please contact Ross Howse on **** or send your CV to Ross.Howsecapita.co.uk