Title: Secondary Classroom Cover Supervisor
Webindex: 68676996
Company: Meridian Business Support
Description: A Torfaen Secondary School are looking for to add to their team of Classroom Cover Supervisors. You will need be be someone who thinks outside the box and incorporates a variety of teaching styles that will help you to gel with their committed teaching team. You will be working with a variety of abilities to include children with some learning difficulties, so a patient and creative approach to inspire learning is essential. You would ideally be educated to degree level although other qualifications such as Cache Level 2/**** would be acceptable. In addition if you have experience of working with secondary school pupils you may also be considered. You will have a unique approach for every child and inspire them to try new things with confidence. You will be a confident individual with experience gained in a mainstream setting. To become part of the Meridian Educations supply team at this Strong Academic School you will be: A fun and engaging invidual that inspires children to tackle more challenging work Happy to engage with staff and get stuck in when required such as pastoral duties Able to support the school learning policies and become an active member of the teaching team Able to teach through a selection of mediums to engage pupils. At Meridian Education we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school settings and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Meridian Education Supply Team you will benefit from: The support of a dedicated 'Secondary Consultant' Plenty of variety and choice of work at Secondary school level Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme Wonderful facilities at school level e.g. lovely staffroom, great children, friendly Head Teacher, AWR benefits (applicable after 12 weeks) If you are interested in this opportunity then please email Jay at jnicholsmeridianbs.co.uk or call **** **** At Meridian Education our excellent Education Recruitment Consultants place teachers, SEN specialists, nursery support staff into temporary education jobs and permanent education jobs in schools and other teaching establishments. We are now one of the leading education recruitment consultancies throughout the UK and have become the first choice agency for Education Recruitment by offering expert recruitment solutions to all schools for their entire staffing requirements. Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Meridian Education approved payroll partner. We guarantee to increase your takehome pay compared to PAYE by offsetting legitimate business expenses against your income. Details provided upon application. Meridian Business Support are acting on behalf of our Clients as a Recruitment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SecondaryClassroomCoverSupervisor_job****