Title: YEAR 5 TEACHER REQUIRED TO START ASAP
Webindex: 69679418
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: Key Stage 2 (yr****) Teacher required for a Barnet school Applications from a confident KS2 teacher is required to start ASAP in one of Barnet's best loved schools. They are looking for a dynamic Year 5 Teacher who has the ability and tenacity to inspire their pupils to give that little bit extra within the classroom Key Stage 2 Primary Teacher Confident and Buzzing Yr 5 Class for ASAP until July 2013 Main or Upper Pay Scale considered Ambitious Three Form Entry Primary School in Affluent Barnet An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Key Stage 2 Teacher in one of Career Teachers client Primary Schools located in the North London Borough of Barnet. The post is available due to the current post holder relocating. The school is an established and well liked Primary in North London that has a growing reputation due to the strong and successful Leadership Team. Close to a Picadilly Line tube station, the school is in an affluent and quiet neighbourhood. Situated in large grounds the school benefits from good facilities and can boast their own gym/ sports hall and large playing fields. Inside the school every class has its own Interactive White Board, is well resourced and has a bright and opened planed feel due to the sheer size of the rooms. They are looking for an exciting and fun Primary Teacher who has KS2 experience, can offer new ideas and someone who can inspire their students. This will be a class of **** students who come from a variety of backgrounds and speak a number of different languages; it's a buzzing and vibrant class that has matured and cultivated through good, strong directorship of the previous teacher, and which is now currently achieving the National Standard and above. If you can show promise, if you believe that Every Child Matters, and if you can continue to inspire a fun and confident class then the school would like to hear from you. This is a great opportunity for a constant professional who can continue the good work already started by the current member of staff, if you think you can assist the school in offering an outstanding teaching and learning environment then please apply today. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.