Title: Lead Teacher of Maths
Webindex: 69145100
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: Lead Teacher of Maths Are you an Outstanding and experienced Maths Teacher currently looking for a new role in April 2013? Are you looking for the next step in your career if so, would a Lead Teacher of Maths role interest you? Do you have excellent curriculum knowledge and an ability to teach Maths from KS****? Lead Teacher of Maths Permanent – MPS/UPS April 2013 Dudley All candidates must have some previous leadership skills Found in the LEA of Dudley, this Secondary school are seeking to appoint a Lead Teacher of Mathematics, for an April start. This is a full time role. You will be leading both experienced, NQTs and students following the school direct programme. The school have an excellent leadership team, providing good strategies and a vision for the school that has seen them improve across the board in recent years. The school are seeking an experienced Maths Teacher who is looking to take on more responsibility, or an existing lead teacher of Maths. The Head Teacher and Governors are now seeking to appoint an enthusiastic, dynamic and well qualified Lead Teacher of Maths capable of teaching Mathematics at all levels including A level, as well as working with existing Staff members to maintain and improve the departments already high standards. The school have a strong pastoral system which supports academic success. Expectations of behaviour are high and there are very good relationships between staff and pupils based on mutual respect. The successful applicant will be part of a supportive school taking an active role in teaching and helping lead Mathematics within the school. The school are seeking a Maths Teacher who can help lead and inspire staff and students alike. You should be enthusiastic, engaging and be committed to a creative approach to the delivery of the Maths curriculum. The school provide a broad and balanced curriculum, designed to meet the varied needs of the pupils. They are committed to inclusion and equality of opportunity with support and guidance given to all pupils. Pupils will be set challenging targets and supported in trying to achieve them through the development of schemes of work which offer challenging, varied opportunities for pupils, aiming to create independent learners, and well rounded young adults. The school are therefore committed to providing learning opportunities beyond the classroom that enrich learning through avenues such as outdoor education, drama, music and sport. This is an outstanding opportunity for someone to take on the role of Lead Teacher of Maths For more information, Please send your CV and covering letter to Cassandra  Edustaff Please note: Only successful candidates will be contacted