Title: Qualified Early years teacher for South West London
Webindex: 69800307
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: Capita Education Resourcing are currently looking to recruit Teachers with early years experience for various roles in South West London. These roles are for outstanding schools with high expectations of their staff. We are looking for candidates who have a creative approach to their teaching and are passionate about working with the early years. The successful candidate will be qualified to teach in Early Years, with a minimum of three months experience in this position. Applications from NQTs with early years or nursery experience will be considered. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for these roles in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To that end, you must meet the following requirements:  You must be a qualified Primary teacher with QTS  Able to demonstrate that you have fully engaged children and kept them task focused  Used to incorporating drama, reading, music and play to improve understanding and communication  Used to working with children with EAL and have a patient and considerate approach to individual needs  A fun and engaging Teacher that inspires children to tackle more challenging work  Happy to ensure that marking is completed at the end of the day and the classroom in left tidy  Able to support the school learning policies and become an active member of the teaching team At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. Our London Primary team are exceptionally busy at the moment and so if you know any other Primary teachers looking for work we will be very happy to help them. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from: . The support of a dedicated Primary Consultant . Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level . Good rates of pay . **** Recommend a Friend Scheme. If you register and recommend a friend who works 20 days, you will earn a **** bonus. . Lots of work available . A fast clearance process so you can get working as soon as possible . Excellent opportunities for CPD Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding teaching role please contact Jamie Cutler at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** **** or email jamie.cutlercapita.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualifiedEarlyyearsteacherforSouthWestLondon_job****