Title: Science Teacher NQT or QTS
Webindex: 70149652
Company: Capita Education
Description: Description Science Teacher NQT/QTS Hemel Hempstead ******** per day A large Secondary School based in Hemel Hempstead require an NQT or QTS Science Specialist to start after Easter. This school is an exciting and inspiring place to learn and we would love you to be part of this remarkable team. You will be teaching students with mixed abilities completing curriculum up to KS**** The school prides it's self on ensuring each child gets the correct development and creates opportunities in a challenging environment. You will be required to ensure your professional knowledge and skills are at the highest standard and you are able to enthuse and encourage your pupils. This is a really nice school with a great opportunity to become part of its' exceptional team initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this Secondary School you will be:  Genuinely looking for and able to commit to temporary position  Prepared to commit to this fabulous supply opportunity initially on a day to day basis with a view to more longterm opportunities  A NQT or QTS Science Specialist  An individual with excellent classroom management  An enthusiastic and motivated individual able to make a real contribution at school level  Able to provide support to children with varying challenges in a creative and innovative way  Able to work as part of a team or on your own initiative At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated 'Secondary Consultant'  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  Wonderful facilities at school level  Opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. For further details about this role please contact Stephen Emery on **** **** or send your CV to stephen.emerycapita.co.uk