Title: Light vehicle assessor
Webindex: 68609293
Company: Remit Training
Description: Summary and Main Purpose: To guide and support learners in their progression and achievement of an Advanced Apprenticeship through effective and engaging training, along with regular visits incompany that ensure the implementation of learning in the workplace. Key Accountabilities: Deliver and facilitate assessment and training that encourages accelerated learning and results in new knowledge and skills being applied into the workplace. Deliver training via webinar and VLE Evaluate and modify training delivery as a result of delegate satisfaction and key stakeholder feedback. Complete the required number of incompany reviews required for each apprentice, supporting them to implement the new knowledge and skills learnt during webinar and VLE delivery into their daytoday work. Engage and coach the learner s line manager to provide adequate support and guidance needed by the learner during the working day. Manage and support the learner to collect the necessary evidence, both during the review visits and whilst attending college, to ensure progression for their qualification, including NVQ, Functional Skills and Technical Certificate and to ensure achievement of the recommended milestones. Monitor and review learner issues on a regular basis, taking any necessary action to limit the number of early leavers from the programme. Manage and complete both business and personal administration within given timescales i.e. delegate satisfaction results, expenses, review documents, reports etc. Ensure knowledge of all subject areas including technical training and competitors (other training companies) is kept constantly updated by way of selfdevelopment. Work as part of the assessing and training team and give feedback and offer ideas and suggestions for improving team performance. Understand where the role fits within the programme team and work closely with programme team colleagues on specific projects. Research the automotive motor industry on a regular basis to keep abreast of market developments and trends. Continue to develop a network of industry contacts to understand views and perceptions of major businesses in the industry on specific issues that may affect Remit. Any other duties reasonably requested by the line manager. To more information on this role click here