Title: Year 2 Teacher in Dubai
Webindex: 69005870
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Are you a Year 2 Teacher looking to relocate to Dubai in the new September 2013 academic year? Do you consider yourself to be a total professional and will you thrive in an International School that embraces the British National Curriculum?? As a Year 2 Teacher can you commit for a minimum of 2 years while you enjoy the benefits of a tax free salary, accommodation, medical insurance and annual flights back home??? If this sound like the perfect Year 3 Teacher post for you please send your CV to Jonathan at Edustaff or call **** (Apply online only) today Fantastic Benefits and Competitive Tax Free Salary 2 Year Contract Starting September 2013 International School British Curriculum Great Location This is a fantastic opportunity to work in an outstanding International School based in the heart of Dubai as a Year 2 Teacher The school itself is home to over **** students covering both the primary school and secondary school phases. Its campus proudly exceeds an impressive **** square meters and strives to provide the very highest levels of education for its student cohort which typically come from over **** different nationalities. Facilities are simply AMAZING with an auditorium reminiscent of a West End theatre High standards of learning and teaching are maintained in a supportive atmosphere in which the pastoral well being of the children, whatever their age, is of paramount importance. In the last five years, this school has made significant investment in its buildings and educational resources, but its commitment to building strong academic departments, a broad range of extra and cocurricular activities and a supportive pastoral care structure has been even greater. As a Year 2 Teacher you must have the ability to enhance curriculum and not only excite your students but also challenge all those who are around you. The school hosts an array of after school activities for its students ranging from dance classes, music lessons, cookery classes, modern foreign languages and gymnastics but to name a few. You must be enthusiastic, enjoy teaching children of different abilities, be able to extend those who are gifted and want to become a part of the school community. Potentially being the schools new Year 2 Teacher you must be well qualified, be well experienced and be able to back up that experience with outstanding referencing from your current Head Teacher. If you fit the criteria and if this sounds like the perfect Year 2 Teacher role for you, then please send your CV to Jonathan at Edustaff or call **** (Apply online only) today