Title: Teachers  Young Offenders Unit
Webindex: 62114156
Company: ATOM Education Limited
Description: A Young Offenders Institute serving Kent and the surrounding areas is looking for experienced and qualified Teachers who want to help troubled young people aged **** You will be able to see beyond their behaviour and find new ways to connect and teach them. We are interested in hearing from Teachers of all disciplines, but in particular those specialising in Literacy, Numeracy, Functional Skills, PSHE, ICT and Vocational subjects such as Construction Trades or Business Studies who would enjoy working with small classes to embed learning and help their students rebuild their lives, in order to provide them with the second chance they deserve. We would also like to hear from Teachers with a behavioural specialism / SEN experience. You would hold a relevant teaching qualification (FE or QTS) in a relevant curriculum subject and have knowledge of subject specific curriculum development, the National Adult Core Curriculum and Ofsted. You would also have experience of teaching young people under **** in a mainstream learning environment  and ideally in a secure setting or with disaffected learners. All appointments are subject to the safeguarding of the welfare of children. Applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Criminal Records Bureau. The successful applicants would plan course content to meet accreditation and curriculum requirements, including liaising with awarding bodies to ascertain changes to standards. Contribute to the achievement of contractual targets linked to trainee achievement. Prepare and deliver classes / activities, as required by the timetable, including cover for absence as necessary including completing registers, lessons plans and activity records etc. Maintain systems for monitoring and evaluating classroom learning activities to ensure they continue to be effective and worthwhile. Create and maintain trainee record files, ensuring they contain information concerning progress and training outcomes. Perform any other administrative tasks associated with the teaching function, including examination/accreditation entries for own classes. Attend staff meetings and liase with appropriate prison personnel in providing guidance and support to trainees. Provide exam invigilation and act as an internal verifier as required. Undertake personal and professional development activities to meet individual and departmental needs and assist other lecturers, where possible, so that knowledge can be shared. Participate in prison procedures, e.g. health and safety, security and behaviour management. Teachers are currently only required to be on site 4.5 days of a five day working week. One third of their contract time is given to Planning, Preparation and Assessment (PPA) ATOM Education provides a referral system and if you know of any Teachers who would be interested in these posts please contact us. For further details please send your CV.