Title: Lecturer in Sport
Webindex: 68802287
Company: CITY OF WESTMINSTER COLLEGE
Description: City of Westminster College is a 26m turnover, Further Education College with ambition. With a thriving student population, a strong and growing business portfolio and a stunning 102m new campus, we are poised to become the first choice College in the capital for students and staff and to have a national profile. Located in the heart of London, the College provides a wide range of qualifications at Further and Higher Education levels in a highly inclusive environment. The Faculty of Arts, Business, Humanities Leisure currently has an opportunity for a suitably qualified and experienced ****FTE Lecturer in Sport and Exercise Sciences. The role will involve tutoring and course management of a Level 1, **** **** and 4 vocational programme as well as teaching across all programmes. The successful candidate should have a degree (or equivalent) in Sport/Exercise Sciences or a related area. You should also be familiar with the current BTEC curriculum and we encourage applications from teachers with a broad range of disciplines both in practice and theory. You will have sound organisational skills, your ability to work cooperatively and contribute positively and creatively to a team is also essential. You will also possess a recognised Level 4 teaching qualification (PGCE/CertEd) or be willing to work towards a Diploma Level 5 teaching qualification upon appointment. Excellent communication, administration and interpersonal skills together with a commitment to working effectively as part of a team and contribute positively and creatively are also essential in this role. Job Ref: SLCT In return, we can offer you generous annual leave, a contributory final salary pension scheme, access to our subsidised gym, an interestfree season ticket loan, enhanced maternity and paternity leave schemes and many other benefits. If you re ready to join a College that has the resources to develop the talents of both students and staff, you can find more information on this role and details on how to apply by visiting our vacancies section on our College website, alternatively, you can email us for an information pack and application form, quoting the job reference above. Closing date: **** noon, Monday 11th February 2013