Title: BBSRC Doctoral Training Centre in Food Security PhD Studentship
Webindex: 67996670
Company: University of Reading
Description: At the University of Surrey Supervisor: Dr. Alexis Bailey, Dr. Jonathan Swann and Prof. Ian Kitchen Overview: The studentship is a collaboration between Surrey and Reading University. Early life environmental influences, such as diet and stress, have a profound impact on the organisms later development, structure and function. We have evidence showing that prolonged exposure to maternal milk beyond the normal age of weaning causes a depressivelike phenotype in rats. Alterations in the gut microbiota may represent one possible mechanism. Milk exposure has a significant influence on the gut microbiota with potential to modulate the gutbrain axis and modify brain development and behaviour. This studentship will test the hypothesis that delayed weaning modulates gut microbial composition and functionality, thereby disrupting the gutbrain axis and modifying the development of brain function and psychological state. Furthermore, we will explore the persistence of such neurological modifications throughout life . This is a multidisciplinary systems biology project investigating the impact of delayed weaning on the mammalian system at multiple tiers of biological organisation (gut microbiota, metabolism, brain function, behaviour). The student will be trained in a diverse stateoftheart analytical and statistical techniques. From our part at Surrey, the student will be trained on in vivo behavioural assays and neurochemical characterisation of pathways identified by metabonomics. At Reading the student will be trained in microbiology techniques, NMR and mass spectrometrybased metabonomic approaches and multivariate statistical analysis. This studentship will provide important insight on how early life environmental influences, such as diet and stress have a profound impact on the organisms later development and function. Eligibility: Applicants should hold a minimum of a UK Honours Degree at ****:**** level or equivalent in a relevant subject. Please note that, due to restrictions on the funding, this studentship is for UK/EU applicants only. Funding Details: Studentship will cover Home/EU Fees and pay the Research Council minimum stipend (**** for 2011/****) for up to 4 years. The studentship will begin in October 2013. How to apply: To apply for this studentship please submit an application for a PhD in Neuropharmacology/Metabonomics to the University see apply button below Application Deadline: Friday **** nd February 2013 Further Enquiries: Please contact Dr. Alexis Bailey: a.baileysurrey.ac.uk Dr. Jonathan R. Swann: j.r.swannreading.ac.uk Prof. Ian Kitchen: i.kitchensurrey.ac.uk