Title: English Teacher for September 2013
Webindex: 69747380
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Are you an experienced English teacher looking for a new post and environment this coming September? If you are a resilient, positive and experienced English teacher this is the role for you My client is a smaller than average South London mixed comprehensive, easily accessible by the Jubilee line as well as the over ground and bus services. Experienced English Teacher required South London mixed comprehensive ****yrs September 2013 start Permanent School Contract MPS/UPS (depending on experience) Hard working and supportive Head Of English in place Catering for just fewer than **** pupils aged ****yrs; my client school is an inclusive London secondary school with a modern, forward thinking approach to learning. The Senior Leadership Team and Head of English work tirelessly to employ the best staff, capable of engaging pupils and helping to create an outstanding environment for teaching and learning. The school has a culturally diverse pupil make up, with fairly challenging behaviour. Managed well and with high expectations set, the school has enjoyed higher than average GCSE results. The successful English Teacher will become part of a developing English department with very good head of faculty in place. All teachers, both in the English department and school wide have a real team spirit, high expectations and work collectively to ensure all pupils learn, develop and contribute to a positive learning environment. Like any inclusive school within London, you will face many challenges, both in and out of class however the Senior Leadership Team s focus on respect and a firm but fair approach is apparent throughout the school. This is a post for a confident, outstanding classroom teacher with good English subject knowledge seeking a new and exciting next challenge in September 2013 The make up of the school is culturally diverse, SEN and free school meals are higher than average, with a few minority ethnic groups at an early stage of learning English. The school itself sits within close proximity of various transport links in South London including bus and rail as well as access to the Jubilee line. Your own transport would also serve you well with staff parking available. If this English Teacher post has sparked your interest and sounds like the next role for you, please email your CV to Grant at Edustaff ASAP. If however, this vacancy is not quite for you, please do get in touch, with other client schools in the Southwark, Lewisham and Bromley boroughs seeking dedicated and creative English Teaching staff