Title: Summer School Housemaster/Mistress
Webindex: 72539985
Company: Trent College
Description: As part of the Trent College team your role as Housemaster/Mistress will be to effectively run a boarding house and be responsible for the welfare of children within the House. You will also be a key part in assisting with afternoon and evening activites as well as supervising students on excursions throughout their course. You will assist with rooming of students, liase with main school staff e.g. laundry, catering, cleaning to ensure high standards are maintained within the House. You are an important staff member and one to whom children in your House will go to in the first instance if there is a problem or if a child is unwell. Therefore, a caring and sensitive attitude, patience and being a mum to students is looked for. You will also be part of the Teaching, Pastoral or Activities team and assist with pastoral duties around the school, helping to run activities and excursions and assisting with airport transfers. Duties; Assume overall responsibility for the welfare of all students Be on duty during all (designated) meal and break times ensuring appropriate standards of students behaviour and supervising student welfare at all times Be responsible for attending to unwell students and make arrangements with doctors where necessary Keep records of incidents/sickness and medical issues Make sure rooms are cleaned and maintained satisfactorily by cleaning and maintenance staff in boarding houses Perform wake up and lights out duty in the boarding houses assisted by a designated member of staff Take the lead for pastoral care with all students in your House, particularly to students when homesickness occurs Arrange telephone times for students Oversee issues of tidiness in the houses, and liaise with cleaning staff. Manage the school s laundry operations Addressing potential issues of bullying and possible property theft in a professional and empathic manner Please see further job specifications for more detail on additional skills and experience required. Requirements; Experience of looking after students in a residential environment desirable Applicants holding coaching qualifications in any sport, lifeguard qualifications and Previous experience of working with teenagers and young learners First aid qualification desirable Previous experience of working in a summer school environment ideal but not essential Staff with language skills also welcomed. A kind and caring nature Further Information; Course dates 7th July to 4th August 2013 (4 week programme) ****  **** per week dependant on experience Induction training is provided (paid pro rata) Food and accommodation are provided on campus All staff applying to International Summer School will have stringent checks made as to their suitability to work with children. These checks will include the following: All references will be checked. References will include a specific enquiry as to whether there is any impediment to the prospective staff member being employed in a situation where he/she will have responsibility for, substantial access to and the care of children. CRB (Criminal Records Bureau) checks will be made on staff employed on our courses. Proof of identity and all relevant qualifications will be required and photocopies taken of the original certificates. Any gaps in applicants CVs must be explained satisfactorily