Title: Maths Teachers Urgently Required
Webindex: 69909016
Company: Capita Education
Description: Capita Education Resourcing is one of the largest supply agencies in the UK supplying teachers to schools. Leicester's Branch is thriving, having just had its busiest year in 5 years We are getting more teachers out working in more schools, and we expect to be even busier this academic year We are working on behalf of a number of schools in Leicestershire & Northamptonshire who are desperately seeking Maths teachers for January 2013. As a CAPITA teacher you can expect your Branch to work tirelessly on your behalf to secure you the work you want be it day to day supply work, long term cover or full time permanent employment. We are looking to recruit local Fully Qualified or Newly Qualified Mathematics Teachers for short term, long term or permanent assignments across LEICESTER, LEICESTERSHIRE, NORTHAMPTON & WARWICKSHIRE. You will be able to deliver your subject to Key Stage ****  if you deliver your subject to Key Stage 5 this would be a distinct advantage. We would expect you to have recent curriculum knowledge and be able to provide professional references to cover the last 2 years. All applicants must hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) or a UK recognised teaching qualification. As we interview ALL prospective candidates face to face in our branch in Leicester please only apply if you can travel to LEICESTER. Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We guarantee to increase your takehome pay compared to PAYE by offsetting legitimate business expenses against your income. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone.