Title: Early Years Teachers  UAE (Abu Dhabi and Central Dubai) Septem
Webindex: 68677818
Company: ITN Mark Education
Description: Early Years Teachers  UAE (Abu Dhabi and Central Dubai) September 2013 ITN Mark International is working with 2 very successful and large international school in the UAE. The schools are looking for highly skilled teachers for a number of roles within their Early Years Foundation Stage Department. The roles start in September 2013. The schools are very well established and have a excellent reputations for education. They teach on the British Curriculum . The schools are on a large purpose built campus with excellent facilities and large grounds including an outdoor swimming pool, tennis and football courts. The schools have a community feel and close links with parents, local businesses as well as the local community, which are key to its success Working in an international school is a rewarding and exciting opportunity; many of our schools have students from up to **** different nationalities and staff members from many national backgrounds. This provides an ideal setting in which children can learn, grow and develop into the kind of responsible and responsive learners which the contemporary world demands. Requirements Rewards For your skills you will be rewarded with a very generous tax free salary, accommodation, flights healthcare and end of contract gratuity. To Apply You Will Need A recognised Teaching Qualification The relevant experience and attitude to deliver the standards set out below 2 years teaching experience on the British Curriculum Be an expert in your field and committed to delivering the highest standards of education Have a go getter selfstarter  approach How to apply? Interviews are being held in January to make an application please contact the international team at ITN Mark visit our website for further information ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EarlyYearsTeachersUAEAbuDhabiandCentralDubaiSeptem_job****