Title: Maths Teacher in a PRU
Webindex: 68183867
Company: Teaching Appointments
Description: Teaching Appointments is recruiting Maths Teachers for a teaching role in an EBD PRU in Tonbridge, Kent. We are currently recruiting for Key Stage ****/4 teachers who are passionate about working in SEN, in particular with students with EBD and ASD. The ideal candidates for this role will have worked with Children from a variety of backgrounds and mainly with EBD and ASD. The ideal candidate will have: The relevant qualifications to teach and GTC membership Have experience working with children with EBD and Autism. The role will involve supporting the pupils who have been excluded from mainstream education, and helping them with their learning difficulties. The role is suitable for experienced Maths teachers who have had experience of working in PRUs and EBD/ASD schools previously. The management of challenging behaviour will be required on a frequent basis. The other subjects that Teaching Appointments is currently always recruiting are: English (All stages) Science (All stages) Physical Education (All stages) Teaching Appointments is working closely with SEN schools in and around Kent. We have strong candidate benefits and rewards schemes such as travel benefits and training opportunities. We have specialised recruitment consultants for SEN, Primary, Secondary and Further Education schools and establishments. We can appeal to our candidates’ varying career needs in all areas of Education industry. By working for Reed Education, you will have the flexibility to choose which education establishments to work for as well as getting a solid SEN experience by working with variety of pupils and schools. If you are interested in working as a supply teacher as well as on short and longterm teaching posts in various SEN schools, please contact Jake Smart on [contact details removed] . You will be asked to register your profile with your most up to date teaching CV on reed.co.uk and be invited for a formal telephone interview with the SEN consultant to find out more about your teaching opportunities.