Title: Reception Teacher Required in South Warwickshire for Maternity Post starting Easter
Webindex: 66419636
Company: ABC Teachers
Description: A Reception Teaching post has come up at a lovely one form entry Primary School in South Warwickshire, for a Maternity cover. The school is set in a lovely rural location with close transport links into Royal Leamington Spa. You will be joining a fantastic team of staff, so an important quality that you must possess is that you must be able to work effectively in partnership with colleagues and pupils. The school was graded ‘Good’ on their last Ofsted inspection and they are looking to improve on this during your time at the school. You will have regular meetings with senior staff to discuss your progress within the role, and they will offer you continual support whilst at the school. You will be expected to have previous experience in an Early Years environment and you must be a fully qualified Teacher. You will require a calm and understanding personality, and be able to foster a fun and intriguing classroom environment. Children of Reception age are in the prime of their learning, so the school are looking specifically for someone who has the drive to succeed and encourage their pupils to their full potential. You will work on a full time basis, 5 days per week, ****:30am 4pm, from the Easter Holidays. You will be offered a 12 month contract, but you will work an initial one month probation. You will be welcome to visit the school prior to acceptance. If you are interested in this position, please apply without hesitation. We have positions such as this coming up every day so please contact us today, either by phone or email, so that we can discuss this role and other ones like it that might suit your qualifications and experience. You can email us your CV on the address below, but if you don’t have one – don’t worry Just give us a call and we can help you out with this ABC Teachers are an accredited Quality Mark Agency for the 5th year running We have fantastic rates of pay of up to **** per day (after qualifying period  AWR). All our teachers are kept very busy  and very happy We pride ourselves on providing the best for you We work collaboratively with schools across Coventry and Warwickshire, so your dedicated local consultant can speak with you about your local area and exactly what type of schools you would like to work in. If you are interested in this position then please call ABC Teachers directly and speak to Rosie. If you would like to apply, please email the address below. All applicants must be a fully qualified Teacher (PGCE, Bed or equivalent). ABC Teachers undertake a rigid background procedure before placing any candidates with schools. In applying for this position you will be required to undergo an Enhanced Criminal Record Bureau Check, Reference checking, ID check, and provide evidence of your rights to work in the UK.