Title: Experienced SEN Teaching Assistant  Hucknall  **** per day
Webindex: 70577166
Company: TeacherActive
Description: Experienced SEN Teaching Assistant  Hucknall  **** per day TeacherActive are looking to place enthusiastic and committed SEN teaching assistants with a passion for supporting young people s learning experiences, for a fantastic school based within Hucknall areas of Nottingham. These are exciting, socially diverse and welcoming schools with strong belief in high expectations through effective teamwork and understanding of the individual child. The main purpose of these roles is to support pupils with a variety of needs including Emotional and Behavioural Difficulties and severe Autism. A successful SEN Teaching Assistant should have;  Proven track record of working with pupils with Autism and Profound and Multiple Learning Difficulties (PMLD)  The ability to work in partnership with teachers and parents.  Be able to provide social, emotional, speech and language support.  Have high expectations of children s attainment and behaviour  Be caring and patient and able to cater for the individual needs of the child.  Hold a recognised Teaching Assistant Qualification  A TeamTeach qualification or restraint training would be highly beneficial. The benefits of working for us:  A competitive rate of pay which is hassle free.  A motivational working environment.  Great prospects for long term work.  A dedicated team of consultant with an indepth knowledge of our industry.  High level of support from both us and the school.  The opportunity to make a genuine difference. The roles would be on a day to day or long term supply basis starting February 2013. If you are an experienced SEN Teaching Assistant get in touch with Jorden now on (Apply online only) or send your CV to: Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service  and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services