Title: Chemistry NQT
Webindex: 67211549
Description: Are you a Chemistry NQT looking to do your induction year from September 20****3 in South East London? Would you like to be a Chemistry NQT at one of the most improved Secondary school?s in London? If you are a Chemistry NQT with a solid determination to demonstrate your teaching ability within an improving and well resourced Academy, then please send your CV today Placement For Chemistry NQT September 2013 Start Secondary School in South East London MPS 1 (London Pay Scale) Salary: ****  **** Good & Outstanding referencing from Teacher Placements essential A secondary school in South East London wish to appoint an outstanding Chemistry NQT for September 2013. If you are a Chemistry NQT who has achieved good/outstanding in their teaching practise and are committed to furthering their teaching acumen in their induction year, then you need to apply today. This is an exciting, and potentially rewarding, opportunity for a Chemistry NQT to make the first steps in an exciting and rewarding career in education. The position will be supporting KS**** GCSE, A2 and AS Chemistry and General Science. This position is ideal for a Chemistry NQT, with a ****0% desire to teach their specialist subject, in an outstanding school, and the ability and drive to make this a reality. The school is proud that nine out of every 10 students achieved at least five A to C grades, and two thirds achieved five or more A to C GCSE grades including English, Mathematics and Science. The school is a modern secondary that has undergone structural as well as internal changes over the past 2 years, and as such, offers an excellent environment for a prospective teacher. The school is equipped with excellent IT facilities and most notably has reopened their swimming pool after 18 months of refurbishment. The school has excellent links with the community and as per recent government initiatives has opened up its facilities to the public. Any teachers at this school are encouraged to support these projects once a week as well as helping an after school club of their choice. It is important that you send a CV and covering letter to us as soon as you can in order to ready yourself for any future interviews that will be taking place from February onwards. If you are an outstanding Chemistry NQT and looking to secure your placement for September 2013 then please contact Andrew at Edustaff today