Title: NQT Teaching Jobs in Birmingham
Webindex: 69668809
Company: HAYS
Description: NQT Pool 20****3, (Area  Birmingham and Solihull) Are you a Newly Qualified Teacher in (Area  Birmingham and Solihull) and looking to work with a local agency to secure your first job? Hays Education are urgently looking for NQTs who graduate in 2013. Hays work in partnership with over **** schools locally on an exclusive basis for both temporary and permanent opportunities, giving you immediate access to some of the most sought after positions in the market. In addition, final year students and NQTs are being recruited over the next two terms to undertake daytoday and long term assignments throughout the West and East Midlands. Whatever area you chose to specialise, from EYFS to Secondary, Hays are able to support you in securing your first job. NQTs we place will be expected to: Have full class teaching responsibility Take responsibility for the progress of pupils Plan, prepare and present lessons Maintain positive behaviour management strategies Prepare and mark pupils' work Provide feedback to parents on a pupils' progress Take part in school events and activities Have qualified teacher status (QTS) The benefits of working with Hays NQT pool are: Priority access to our partnership clients A local office and local schools to work in NQT client networking events Support for completing application forms and interviews Paid to scale for all long term assignments from day 1 Your own dedicated local consultant working proactively on your behalf Access to Hays training programmes including safeguarding training Many of Hays NQT pool go on to secure their induction year either through Hays or in their first permanent role. Feedback from one of our NQTs from last years pool was 'I cannot thank Hays enough. The competition for work upon leaving Univeristy was fierce and I found myself unprepared for the vigorous inteviews. Having worked with Hays for one term I undertook several day to day assignements and my confidence grew dramatically. Hays secured a role for me from Christmas at a school I wouldn't have even thought of applying to.' To access vacancies and updates please look at our facebook page www.facebook.com/HaysNQTUK Contact us Maya at Hays Education in Birmingham on **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk