Title: School Administrator/ PA
Webindex: 71440250
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: I am working with a school to secure an administrator to join their office team. You will need experience working in a school and have: ****) A good standard of spoken English and interpersonal skills is required both verbal and written 2) The post holder will have a positive attitude towards an inclusive school and the ability to establish positive working relationships with a range of students. ****) Be especially skilled in relating to young people and enabling them to develop good standards of behaviour. ****) Good numeracy, accurate keyboard skills, be computer literate and able to become skilled in the use of all relevant software, particularly SIMS. The post holder will also be required to interrogate computerised records, enter relevant data and produce reports and statistics when required. ****) The post holder will hold a current first aid certificate or be willing to undergo first aid training and other necessary training as appropriate to the role. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.