Title: History Teacher required  fantastic school
Webindex: 72158918
Company: Sugarman Group
Description: An excellent mixed comprehensive school for **** to **** year olds is urgently seeking an experienced History teacher to join the large and thriving Humanities department immediately on a full time basis. Our client is looking for fully qualified Humanities teachers who are able to keep up the high standards of the school. The school would prefer a History specialist, a Degree or PGCE in the subject area, due to the excellent calibre and high academic achievements of the school. Reliability, confidence and professionalism are essential. You will be required to teach History to A level where students are expected A and B grades only so excellent subject knowledge is required along with a real passion for the subject. This is an extremely impressive school, a beacon school. The students are extremely academic and have a thirst for learning. There are numerous benefits attached including working alongside an excellent HOD who can fully support and guide you. They would like to secure the right person in post asap so please send C.V's to Lynsey or call Sugarman Education to hear more details of this position and to learn of all opportunities available for now or the future.  Sugarman Education provide a dedicated and committed service to candidates. We offer top daily rates of pay for supply staff, referral bonuses, generous CPD packages and a dedicated consultant to find you a perfect position. Our objective is to be an equal opportunities employer, because of this we welcome applications from everyone with suitable skills and ability regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, gender, disability, sexual orientation, age, religion or belief. All applications will be accepted and reviewed solely on merit. At Sugarman Education and SEN, currently over half of our specialist Consultants are qualified teaching professionals  assuring you the very highest levels of support. Sugarman Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people. All posts are subject to an enhanced CRB check and referencing. history teacher required