Title: Academy Tutor, Commercial
Webindex: 71433814
Company: JHP Training
Description: JHP Group's Academy is a leading provider of teaching and learning programmes in the Work Based Learning and Welfare to Work market places. As we continue to grow and expand our services and portfolio, we are looking for talented people who have the drive and energy to deliver exciting courses which incorporate the latest technology. The Academy acts as a professional eportal to connect candidates to course content, digital delivery materials and, interactively, to you. We provide an enhanced learning platform that allows staff and candidates to incorporate the use of technology as an integral part of their learning experience. We are currently looking to recruit two Academy Tutors, one specialising in Learning and Development and one in Employment Related Services. Based at either our Head Office site in Coventry or our office in Islington, you will be delivering training to our commercial clients, as well as internal staff. The specialist courses that you will be delivering will be via a mix of technology, (such as Skype and WebEx sessions). The ideal candidates will be well qualified, professional and successful Tutor/Assessors for the new advanced apprenticeship in either Employment Related Services or Learning and Development. You'll need to motivate and work positively with a variety of high profile, demanding clients, each with different requirements and tailor the training to their needs. JHP Group is passionate about improving skills, raising aspirations and developing opportunities for our staff and clients. Every day the teams at our **** Centres across the UK offer a wide range of workbased and jobseeker training for adults and young people. So if you're passionate, professional and proactive, you could go a long way with us. You will also enjoy great benefits here  childcare vouchers, an employee assistance programme for you and your family, pension scheme and 25 days' holiday. JHP Group actively promotes and supports equality of opportunity for all, regardless of ability, age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity or religious belief and welcomes applications from all sectors of the community. If you have not heard within 14 days of the closing date, your application has been unsuccessful. Due to the large number of applications we are unable to give individual feedback. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AcademyTutorCommercial_job****