Title: HLTA's needed to work in Salford
Webindex: 71869917
Company: TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT
Description: An outstanding school within the Salford area is looking for a HLTA to join their team ASAP. The role will involve s supporting the teacher throughout the planning and preparation of the lessons as well as during teaching time. The school are looking for an experienced HLTA who is confident teaching a class as they are needed to cover Teachers PPA time. All applicants must have NVQ**** or equivalent related to working with children and/or young people and HLTA status is also required. The Head Teacher is friendly and is supported by a great team of teachers and Teaching Assistants who are welcoming to all new members of staff. The children are very enthusiastic and energetic with a real passion for learning and having fun while doing so. This position is for **** afternoons a week and will either suit a NQT who has finished placements and university or a HLTA looking for more flexibility. Pay will be decided with any successful candidates at the interview stage and will depend highly on the applicant's experience. Due to the level of experienced needed for this role only NQTs and HLTA will be considered for the job. A strong level of classroom behavioural management is also needed as the role involves covering lessons without a teacher in the classroom. APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: You must have the legal right to work in the UK You must hold relevant certifications if specified above or a minimum of 6 months previous experience working with children in a school or nursery environment This position is subject to an Enhanced CRB Disclosure, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) and professional reference checks Your CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and any employment breaks must be explained DISCLAIMER 'No terminology in the above advertisement is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Tradewind Recruitment is proud to be an Equal Opportunities Employer and accepts applications from all sections of the community.'