Title: Maths Graduate Teaching Assistant
Webindex: 69006435
Company: Edustaff  Ltd
Description: Maths Graduate Teaching Assistant Are you a Graduate with a ****:1 or 1st class degree in Maths, looking to gain experience in a school to support and boost your application for a PGCE or School Direct Scheme (SDS)? Was your degree Maths based and do you have a strong academic record at ALevel and GCSE? Would you like to work as a Teaching Assistant, in a Good Ofsted ****1 Secondary School in a desirable area of Birmingham? Yes??? Think you re the Teaching Assistant for this role??? Read on as this could be your future job  Teaching Assistant  Maths Graduate with a 1st or **** class degree Ideal placement for prospective PGCE/SDS students  Good Ofsted 2011 Secondary School Birmingham Long term s and ensuring that they attain minimum standards in end of year exams, however. As a Teaching Assistant you will be also be working on a **** basis and with small groups in Key Stage **** who require extra support to attain accepted levels. The school s last Ofsted report graded them as Good and highlighted the overall effectiveness of the school. The Head Teacher has a clear vision and ambition for the school to keep developing and establishing itself as a centre of excellence. You should be committed to a career in education, passionate about Maths and keen to help others discover the joy of Maths. This Teaching Assistant role will provide with an insight into the day to day running of a Good Ofsted Secondary School, which possesses a committed and passionate teaching staff. The school provide a supportive and inclusive environment, and as the successful Teaching Assistant you will be given every opportunity to test and develop your skills within the school environment. The school has an ethos based around hard work, with senior management setting high expectations of both themselves and their staff. This is an outstanding opportunity to join an excellent school and learn best practice from experienced and inspirational teachers. This is a brilliant chance for a 2.1 or 1st class Maths Graduate to work at a Good School. If you re looking to work as a Teaching Assistant and to build on your existing excellent and develop your understanding of the school environment, then this is the job for you. Please send your CV to Alfie at Edustaff today without hesitation. Please note, only successful candidates will be contacted