Title: Primary SEN Teacher Urgently needed
Webindex: 69747036
Company: Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: Primary SEN Teacher Urgently needed KS**** SEN Teacher North London This EBD special school located in the heart of Camden requires a strong minded teacher who has a passion for inspiring and motivating disaffected and vulnerable young people.You must bean experienced teacher that has previously worked within a Pupil Referral Unit or EBD setting with Key Stage 2 pupils. working ****:**** and in small groups with very challenging EBD students. This is an EBD Teaching role that will start ASAP for a long term basis. EBD Teacher to work with Challenging Students Long Term to Permanent Vacancy Specialist EBD (Emotional & Behavioural Difficulties) School Ideal for an experienced Teacher with PRU experience QTS Primary qualified This highly successful EBD (Emotional & Behavioural Difficulties) school in easy reach of transport links requires a Teacher to join the team. This is an ideal role and opportunity to work in an SEN EBD environment which has an enviable reputation for excellence in this area. You will relish working with an excellent team of specialist teachers (including behaviour support) and LSAs who are committed to raising achievement. This role is ideal for an experienced KS2 Teacher who has the experience of working within a special or mainstream school. As you will be working with very challenging students you will possess outstanding interpersonal skills, be sensitive towards the students needs with a determination to nurture enjoyment and success for the students whilst expanding their education horizons. The school has tailor made learning programmes for the individual students, you will assist with the delivery of these individualised programmes enabling students to access the National Curriculum and promote the schools commitment to inclusive education. You will be an effective communicator liaising with staff, parents and external agencies. This is a challenging yet rewarding role and will suit the right person with the right temperament and skill in handling EBD students. Must have UK experience. If interested in this position then send CVs to Lara at Remedy Education Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd are proud to announce a score of 100% in our recent reaccreditation audit by The Quality Mark on behalf of The Department for Children Schools and Families and the REC. This proves and supports our continued efforts to ensure that staff we provide are vetted and safeguarded before introduction to our valued clients