Title: Humanities Subject Leader
Webindex: 71439708
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description:  Humanities Subject Leader  April 2013 start  Opportunity to transform department  Excellent facilities and resources  Great leadership and support  Oversubscribed Secondary School with superb reputation Are you a well qualified and experienced Humanities Subject Leader that's looking for a post for April 2013? Come and lead a faculty in a successful, forward thinking School, benefiting from massive investment and is renowned for fantastic leadership, professional development and a cohesive approach to all aspects of school life. You will be responsible for leading a faculty in this popular subject area aiming to motivate the staff to ensure every pupil has the opportunity to maximise their potential. This is a vibrant London school with a diverse and multicultural student population so this is an excellent opportunity to challenge yourself teaching students from a large range of cultural and socioeconomical backgrounds. Students can display a range of behaviour so having the necessary strategies to control this is desirable  although it should be stressed that the focus is on teaching and learning and not solely managing unruly behaviour. The School has clear expectations of the students and the SLT is a constant presence, fully backing up all staff and providing excellent support. As a Subject Leader you must be able to demonstrate that you have prior experience in a similar role or are ready to make the jump up to this next level. The passion, drive and motivation to help improve results and benefit students in this important humanity are essential If you would like to hear more about these positions then please email a CV to stuartdenniscareerteachers.co.uk or call **** Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.