Title: Programme Coordinator (Languages and Quantitative Skills Programme)
Webindex: 68368141
Company: BRITISH ACADEMY
Description: Programme Coordinator (Languages and Quantitative Skills Programme) c. **** per annum, plus excellent benefits **** year fixed term contract The British Academy is the UK’s national body for the humanities and social sciences. The Academy, an independent, selfgoverning organisation of over **** distinguished Fellows, funds national and international research and champions their value across the UK and beyond. It also provides independent expertise and advice for UK and international policy making. In 2011, the Academy launched a four year programme to support languages and the use of quantitative methods in the humanities and social sciences. The programme reflects the Academy’s longstanding concerns regarding deficits in these areas of UK education and research. The programme, addressing languages and quantitative skills as separate strands, is delivered through a variety of funding, policy and other activities. This includes: scholarships and research funding; policy reports and statements; conferences and workshops; prizes; partnerships and collaborations. Now two years into the programme, the Academy is looking for a highly motivated individual to support the development of the programme’s activities. As Programme Coordinator you will take a leading role in overseeing, coordinating and evaluating the projects and partnerships under the programme; play a key role in developing links and networks associated to funding projects, partnerships and individuals; organise events and meetings; and manage the budget associated with the programme’s activities. The successful candidate will have demonstrable experience in leading, monitoring and reviewing project activities; knowledge of UK’s education and employment landscape; excellent written and verbal communication skills; the ability to prioritise work and meet deadlines; a proven track record of producing high quality work; and most importantly, a flexibility in their approach to the role. This post is based at the British Academy in Pall Mall, central London and will report to the Senior Policy Adviser. The closing date for completed applications is Midday Thursday 8th February 2013 Interviews will be held week commencing 25th February 2013 If you would like to know more please download the recruitment pack from our website at http://www.britac.ac.uk/about/Vacancies.cfm