Title: Health & Social Care Assessor / Trainer
Webindex: 69794203
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Being one of the largest and most successful training providers in the UK, specialising in multiple industries, it comes as no surprise that they are looking for experienced and enthusiastic individuals to join their team. Utilising vast knowledge and experience, the team are able to deliver Apprenticeships, Advanced Apprenticeships, Work Based Learning and Vocational related courses on a national basis. I am looking for an experienced Health Social Care Assessor to cover the Kent region. The ideal candidate will possess at least **** years experience in assessing Health Social Care, along with a strong occupational background within the industry, and experience in delivering apprenticeships or vocational qualifications, either by Eportfolio or by hard copy. You will be a self motivator with the ability to work on your own initiative, have excellent communication and organisational skills, and a full UK driving licence with your own transport as you will be expected to visit learners covering multi site locations. The following qualifications is a MUST for this role: A1 Assessors Award (D****/D****), PTLLS and Key Skills Level 2. You will be responsible for, but by no means limited to: Develop, manage and maintain strong relationships with external partners, local employers and appropriate agencies to recruit new learners, to plan and conduct inductions and initial assessments to identify realistic learning priorities and agree realistic completion dates. To plan the assessment process against the agreed learning objectives and qualification standards to ensure the end target date is achieved, conduct relevant health safety risk assessments of employers/potential employers to ensure all legal and regulatory requirements are met, and more You will be rewarded with a salary of up to ****k plus a generous mileage allowance scheme, along with 25 days holiday which increases after 2 years of service, company pension and other benefits. In the first instance please contact Addie Marks on N/A or N/A now for a highly confidential career discussion. Alternatively forward a current CV to addie N/A .com. If you can convince Addie you can fulfil the demands of this highly desirable and rewarding role, we'd be keen to discuss the potential of arranging a formal interview for you. GPRS Recruitment whose registered address is The Bankhouse Stafford ST**** 2JU UK confirm that our client has instructed us that the position advertised herein is of a permanent nature. All applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK and or the territory/location specified. Unfortunately we will not be able to enter into discussions or offer assistance regarding sponsorship. Due to high volumes of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. Accordingly if we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful.