Title: GEOGRAPHY TEACHER REQUIRED IN BUCKINGHAMSHIRE
Webindex: 62121273
Company: Teachin
Description: CALLING ALL GEOGRAPHY TEACHERS IN BUCKINGHAMSHIRE Our client is looking to appoint a teacher of Geography with the potential to teach at all key stages. The ability to teach Geography to Alevel would be desirable but is not essential. The school is forwardthinking, committed to student achievement and staff development as well being friendly and welcoming. This would be a good opportunity either for a new entrant to the profession, or for a more experienced teacher looking for a new experience and challenge. Our client is a popular school with brilliant staff. Expectations are high. The students are enthusiastic and friendly and their behaviour in a recent Ofsted report was described as 'consistently good throughout the school'. The successful applicant will:  Have high expectations of the learning and achievement of all students  Be able to inspire commitment and enthusiasm for Geography in all Key Stages  Enjoy being part of an innovative, forwardlooking team.  Be joining a successful and supportive department If you are interested in this role or any other role within the Buckinghamshire area then please contact Navjit Panesar on  **** or email a CV to  As part of the UK's leading education supplier, TeachIn is the obvious choice for teachers looking for the right role in the right school. Our career managers work hard and efficiently to give you the opportunity to move your teaching career in the right direction. We are looking for first rate teachers and in return we offer great rates of pay and a friendly, professional service We have strong relationships with all major schools in the area so if you have the talent to teach and are equipped with the requisite qualifications, apply today and we`ll find the right role for you. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Due to the overwhelming response to online advertising, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. geography teacher nqt qts pgce