Title: Special Needs Teachers and Support staffNorth and West London
Webindex: 70680255
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: SEN teachers and Classroom Assistants. ASD, SLD, PMLD,MLD,EBD I am currently looking for experienced Teachers and Teaching Assistants for North and West London Boroughs to work in a number of Special Needs Schools and provisions for all aged SEN pupils. The needs of pupils range across the spectrum from very moderate learning difficulties to severe and complex, profound and multiple difficulties, sensory impairments, challenging behaviours, emotional difficulties, mental health issues and children on the autistic spectrum. The provisions are Special schools and inclusion projects within mainstream. The Key Skills required for this role include being committed to SEN, have relevant experience and the ability to remain calm and focused in very challenging settings. Knowledge of PECS, TEACH, MAKATON, TEAM TEACH, Positive handling or other SEN programmes would be an advantage but not essential. Mainstream practitioners wishing to make the transition into SEN are more than welcome to apply. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.