Title: Science Head of Department
Webindex: 68407943
Company: Goffs School
Description: Contract term: Initially**** year with possibility of Perm for the right candidate We have a very exciting opportunity for an innovative and inspirational leader to join our forward thinking, dynamic team of talented staff. We are looking for a Science Head of Department to continue leading our department towards becoming outstanding and drive standards further forward. Your role will be to ensure that every child has the chance of achieving their full potential in Science through high quality teaching and personalised curriculum pathways. In October ****011, we converted to an academy and were inspected a year later when we were graded as 'good'. Our students 'make good and often outstanding progress' (Ofsted 2012) and you will help us to continue raising levels of expectations beyond the 92% of students already achieving 2AC in Science in 2012. As a fully inclusive institution we offer the platform to provide the finest possible education for our students. Our staff are well supported and nurtured and work cohesively to raise attainment and aspirations. We are also proud to be recently confirmed as an official CamStar School, recognised for our dedication to research in the classroom by the University of Cambridge. We are seeking to appoint an experienced leader with the drive, vision and commitment to excellence and continuous improvement. The successful applicant will need to: Have a proven track record of teaching and leadership success and performance improvement Have a high degree of personal motivation to succeed Be an excellent classroom practitioner Demonstrate an active role within their current school and wider communities If you feel you have something extra special to add to our School, we would love to hear from you. To discuss the role further or to receive an application pack, please contact Ajanthan Somas: T. **** 1391000 M. **** **** E. ajanthan.somassynarbor.com Closing date: 06.02.2013 Interview Date: 12.02.2013 Responsible To: Assistant Vice Principal Goffs School is committed to the safeguarding of its students and the successful candidate will be subject to an Enhanced Disclosure and Barring Assessment. Goffs School is an equal opportunities employer and actively encourages applications from all sectors of the community.