Title: Data Officer  Young Offenders Unit
Webindex: 69216303
Company: ATOM Education Limited
Description: ATOM Education. Permanent Education Staffing Solutions and Contract Education Staffing Solutions for A Term Or More. Permanent Education Jobs, Teaching Jobs, Teaching Vacancies and Contract Education Jobs within the field of Education Staffing. Data Officer. A Young Offenders Institute serving Middlesex and the surrounding areas is looking for a Data Officer to start as soon as possible. This full time (37 Hours Per Week), permanent role is based on the collection, collation and analysis of data and management information relating to the delivery and learner hours throughout this Young Offenders establishment. The successful Data Officer will work as part of a team to ensure that all data is accurate, informative and available to meet contract and Ofsted requirements. You will work closely with the Education manager to track learner's performance and provide data to managers regarding Education targets as required. The Data Officer would hold a business related or computer qualification at Level 3 or above, with experience of EFA/ SFA MI returns and ILR returns. You would demonstrate the flexibility and initiative to plan and manage own workload, have an understanding of Prison Education and Training operations. The successful Data Officer may be required to travel ro different locations and visit head office. The ability to drive would be an advantage. All appointments are subject to the safeguarding of the welfare of children. Applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Criminal Records Bureau. The successful Data Officer would maintain systems for monitoring and evaluating classroom learning activities to ensure they continue to be effective and worthwhile, ensuring they contain information concerning progress and training outcomes. Perform any other administrative tasks associated with Data Officer function. Attend staff meetings and liaise with appropriate prison personnel in providing information, undertake personal and professional development activities to meet individual and departmental needs, so that knowledge can be shared. Participate in prison procedures, e.g. health and safety, security and behaviour management. ATOM Education provides a referral system and if you know of a Data Officer who would be interested in this post please contact us. For further details please send your CV.