Title: Foundation Learning Centre Manager Basildon
Webindex: 69005386
Company: Pertemps
Description: We have an immediate opportunity for an experienced Learning Centre Manager to work for one of the UK s most successful training providers. This is an excellent time to group as this Training Provider is going through an exciting period of growth. We are looking for a Centre Manager with previous experience of managing Learning Centres. The centre caters for learners on foundation learning and apprenticeship programmes The Centre Manager will be offered a highly competitive salary of up to **** with bonus, 25 days holiday, healthcare, child care vouchers and various discounts. The Centre Manager will work MondayFriday based on a **** hour working week. The learning centre caters for a wide range of courses including Business Administration, Customer Services, Retail, Child Care and Construction. The Centre Manager will require the following Qualifications and Experience  Previous Experience of managing teams of Tutors, Assessors and support staff across a wide range of occupations  Experience of managing a busy learning centre would be a distinctive advantage  A**** V**** and PTLLS would be highly desirable  Experience/Knowledge of apprenticeships and foundation learning  Proven track record in delivering targets, maintaining Quality Standards and achieving OFSTED grade 2 or above  Experience in employability training would also be highly desirable Overview of the Learning Centre Manager Based in Basildon, the Learning Centre Manager will be responsible for the centres performance. This will be to ensure that all targets are achieved through effective management of Tutors, Assessors and learners. The Centre Manager will be responsible for all Quality Compliance to achieve level 2 in Ofsted inspections. The Centre Manager will be responsible for Health and Safety, processing learners expenses and payments , weekly meetings, supporting learners with job search and attendance and maintaining links with external organisations such as Connexions, Job Centre . The position is available immediately. For more information please contact Pertemps on (Apply online only)  Pertemps is an Equal Opportunities Employer