Title: Maths Teacher and Maths Intervention Teacher Part of Full Time
Webindex: 71556069
Company: Horizon Teachers
Description: Maths Teacher Required An Outstanding Mainstream Mixed Secondary School in the East End of London (Tower Hamlets), is looking to employ a new Maths teacher on a Part or Full Time basis ASAP. The school has improved dramatically in the past 6 years, with results now touching 80% AC at KS4 and the school achieving its second Outstanding Ofsted report: the four Ofsted categories covering Achievement of pupils , Quality of teaching , Behaviour and safety of pupils and Leadership and management all received the highest judgement  Outstanding . The school is is proud to be an Outstanding School that serves one of the most deprived areas in the country. They all share the belief that our children have the right to an outstanding education. It has always been the school s goal to work with its local community and they know that background, place of birth or post code need never be an obstacle in fulfilling ones dreams and aspirations. The school is expanding and is looking for a fully qualified Maths teacher to add to its team as soon as possible. The school is flexible on you working full or part time, since this role will involve both small group work maths interventions, and timetabled KS**** or 4 Maths classes. The role could ultimately change depending on the teacher. One of our very experienced supply teachers recently recently worked at the school and commented how impressed she was with the school, the staff and the general behaviour and attitude to learning of the students. Some other facts about the school: Mixed. **** with a new 6th Form opening. Academy Status. We are looking for someone who can start ASAP, ideally during January Please apply with your CV and please include reference contact details. Horizon Teachers  Our Integrity  Your Horizon The school is very successful with a very good staff team, good headteacher and good atmosphere