Title: Cover Supervisor job London Borough of Islington
Webindex: 68679578
Company: Hays
Description: Cover Supervisor job: London Borough of Islington. Cover Supervisor job for regular cover in the London Borough of Islington beginning in January 2013 Hays Education is looking to recruit committed and highly motivated Cover Supervisors for long term and temporary jobs in secondary schools across a range of subjects. Recently introduced into UK schools, Cover Supervisors have a high level of responsibility within the classroom environment. Cover Supervisors oversee work that has been set in accordance with school policy and are expected to manage the behaviour of pupils throughout the lesson. Typical duties of a Cover Supervisor include:  Supervising and returning to the relevant teachers work that has been set by the school.  Ensure a constructive learning environment for the completion of the set work.  Manage behaviour and answer any queries.  Report back as appropriate any issues arising within the classroom. The successful Cover Supervisor must have proven experience in leading a team, working with children and be confident in managing and maintaining a focussed environment. He/she will excel in working as part of a team and be of an outgoing mentality. Experience of working with large groups of children is essential to this job. This job allows for a large amount of autonomy in the classroom and would suit a person looking for an exciting and rewarding job, possibly before embarking further in a career in teaching. Hays Education is the UK's leading Recruitment Consultancy and in working with us, Cover Supervisors would benefit from the following:  Competitive rates of pay.  One on one consulting.  Excellent CV and interview advice.  Access to all teaching opportunities in all key stages and subject specialism's.  Refer a friend scheme. To apply for this Cover Supervisor job please click 'apply'. Or to find out about other Cover Supervisor or teaching job opportunities in Islington, and other areas of London please contact the Hays Education Victoria Office on **** **** **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CoverSupervisorjobLondonBoroughofIslington_job****