Title: NQT or QTS EBD Maths Teacher, Bedfordshire
Webindex: 69735086
Company: Capita Education
Description: You will be responsible for ensuring that they are able to enjoy both learning and play in a supportive and caring environment. The school staff have specialist areas of knowledge and this ensures a vibrant curriculum offering that has the 'personal' at the centre but with a 'good sense' of the learning journey within the wider community. This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its' exceptional team initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet out total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this lovely SEN School you will be: An experienced Maths Teacher with SEN experience A lovely individual with a caring nature Able to demonstrate that you have worked with children with EBD Able to work as part of a team Be resilient and hardworking Be patient but firm At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from: The support of a dedicated SEN Consultant Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme Excellent opportunities for CPD Wonderful facilities at school level (delete change as applicable) Opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding teaching role please contact Rachel Linforth at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** **** or email Rachel.linforthcapita.co.uk