Title: COVER SUPERVISORS, OLDHAM
Webindex: 69170028
Company: Hays
Description: Hays Education are currently in the process of working with a high number of schools who require excellent Cover Supervisors. We are looking to recruit cover supervisors for the Oldham area of on a daytoday and long term basis. Working as a cover supervisor can be extremely rewarding but also very demanding. There is a high level of responsibility and although there will be a teacher close at hand if needed, there is a large amount of autonomy. Thus it is easy to see how the role of cover supervisor and HLTA can become interchangeable. The working day is usually only during school hours, and often term time only. On a daily basis, cover supervision is more than likely to include:  Supervising work that has been set in accordance with the school policy  Managing the behaviour of pupils whilst they are undertaking this work to ensure a constructive environment  Responding to any questions from pupils about process and procedures  Dealing with any immediate problems according to the school's policies and procedures  Collecting any completed work after the lesson and returning it to the appropriate teacher  Reporting back as appropriate using the school's agreed referral procedures on the behaviour of pupils during the class, and any issues arising. Schools may wish to employ you for cover supervision but on occasions where they are not needed for cover, they might also be released to provide additional support to teachers in classrooms, or to carry out admin tasks, for example. Qualifying Criteria:  You must have a minimum of 40 days experience of cover supervision, which we can reference.  You will have a high level of initiative and be confident in front of large groups, sometimes with challenging pupils  You will have patience, be professional and have good organisational skills Register for Cover Supervisor work with Hays today and you can benefit from:  Excellent rates of pay  Prompt weekly payments, on time every time  Support guidance from our experience education consultants  Access to teaching opportunities in all key stages and subject specialisms  Flexible assignments  Referafriend bonus if you recommend friends or colleagues to us (subject to clearance) If you are interested in a role in Cover Supervisor jobs within Oldham and surrounding areas starting in September call Hays Education in Huddersfield on **** **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/COVERSUPERVISORSOLDHAM_job****