Title: Teaching Investor (Maternity Cover)
Webindex: 56365777
Company: JOBG8
Description: LOCATION: Aylesbury JOB TITLE: Teaching Investor SALARY & BENEFITS : ****  **** WORKING HOURS: Term time only  (Maternity Cover) THE ROLE: Teaching Investor Cover Supervisor to work under the guidance of teaching staff in implementing work programmes with whole classes during the short term absence of teachers. The role requires someone with confidence, who enjoys the challenge of each day providing you with different lessons to supervise. The successful applicant should be able to remain calm in a pressurised environment. They must be able to work as part of a team and positive view of working with young people. There is a high level of responsibility, and although there is always a teacher close at hand, there is a large amount of autonomy. KEY RESPONSIBILTIES: Monitor & Supervise Classroom and learning activities Carry out designated lesson plans Accompany and assist with school trips where necessary Manage student behaviour Ensure classroom control Using Classroom communication tools, such as whiteboards THE COMPANY: Our client provides a fantastic place of learning for young people. This is only possible in an environment that supports staff to deliver the very best teaching and learning. Having won many accolades for their success and achievements for the staff and pupils over the years this is a School that constantly delivers the highest standards THE CANDIDATE: We are looking for a strong and confident person who has a passion for dealing with young people. You will be required to cover for short term absences of a teacher, and will be required to supervise work that has been left by a classroom teacher. You must possess effective communication and organisational skills and be able to demonstrate that you are efficient and reliable. Essential for the role: A minimum of **** GCSE (or equivalent) at grade C or above Classroom control skills Effective communication and organisation skills Desirables: Experience of working in an education environment Experience within a Secondary School setting Experience of working with young people Overall we are really looking for people you wish to be involved in the development of young people and keep to the schools high standards of education. KEYWORDS: 'Support Worker' 'Classroom Assistant' 'Learning Coordinator' 'Training' 'Teaching' 'Cover Teacher' 'Cover Supervisor' 'Teaching Investor'