Title: Employment Advisor  Specialist Recruitment
Webindex: 68690802
Company: Spirit Resourcing
Description: An Employability and Welfare to Work Training Provider seeks an Employment Advisor for their centre based in Brighton. You will work closely within a team of Employment Advisors to help place unemployed customers into sustainable employment. The aim of the organisation is to engineer employment opportunities for unemployed people by providing a wide range of support to achieve their goals. Each unemployed customer is provided with excellent customer service and respect and the team uses all of the resources at their disposal to deliver advice, expertise, training and any additional support required to help each customer maximise their chances of gaining employment. Unemployed customers work with their own Employment Advisor, who guides them through the process and arranges additional employability training and support as needed. You will therefore be provided with your own caseload of customers who you will work with on a onetoone basis to unlock their potential. You will agree targets and milestones with each of your customers and monitor their progress, assisting with their development at all times and you will match your customers` abilities with the most suitable vacancies for them. You must be a skilled communicator with the ability to help your customers recognise what they want to do in order to achieve sustainable employment. You will be engaged with your customers from their referral up until they are placed and you must enjoy working towards targets. To interview for this role you must have experience of working to targets and therefore a background within the recruitment sector or corporate business to business sales would be ideal. The organisation has found that highlycommitted employees from these sectors work well within their organisation and are able to progress their careers quickly too. Hours are 9am  5pm Monday to Friday and benefits include **** days annual leave, generous pension, bonuses, employee benefits package and good prospects for career progression. Please apply for full details about this opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmploymentAdvisorSpecialistRecruitment_job****