Title: Catering Tutor
Webindex: 66180498
Company: ATOM Education Limited
Description: A Young Offenders Institute serving Middlesex and the surrounding areas is looking for an experienced and qualified Catering Tutor who wants to help troubled young people aged **** You will be able to see beyond their behaviour and find new ways to connect and teach them. We are interested in hearing from Catering Tutors who would enjoy working with small classes to embed learning and help their students rebuild their lives, in order to provide them with the second chance they deserve. You would hold a relevant teaching qualification and a Catering Tutor Qualification. The successful Catering Tutor would have knowledge of subject specific curriculum development, the National Adult Core Curriculum and Ofsted. You would also have experience of teaching young people under **** in a mainstream learning environment and ideally in a secure setting or with disaffected learners. All appointments are subject to the safeguarding of the welfare of children. Applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Criminal Records Bureau. The successful Catering Tutor would plan course content to meet accreditation and curriculum requirements, including liaising with awarding bodies to ascertain changes to standards. Contribute to the achievement of contractual targets linked to trainee achievement. Prepare and deliver classes / activities, as required by the timetable, including completion of registers, lessons plans and activity records etc. Maintain systems for monitoring and evaluating classroom learning activities to ensure they continue to be effective and worthwhile. Create and maintain trainee record files, ensuring they contain information concerning progress and training outcomes. Perform any other administrative tasks associated with the teaching function. Attend staff meetings and liaise with appropriate prison personnel in providing guidance and support to trainees. Undertake personal and professional development activities to meet individual and departmental needs and assist other lecturers, where possible, so that knowledge can be shared. Participate in prison procedures, e.g. health and safety, security and behaviour management. ATOM Education provides a referral system and if you know of a Catering Tutor who would be interested in this post please contact us. For further details please send your CV.