Title: Nursery Manager Southampton
Webindex: 71903431
Company: Caleeda Limited
Description: Nursery Manager Southampton An enthusiastic, handson Nursery Manager is required for a large Nursery located in Southampton This Nursery requires a manager with a positive, cando attitude, who has strong staff management and organisational skills. You will be supported by an administrative team who will be responsible for the majority of the paperwork, leaving you free to work closely with the staff team, leading the EYFS, providing guidance and training where required and role modelling good practice. You will require excellent time management skills as you ensure you provide support where required, while at the same time driving excellence and ensuring all staff provide really quality care and education. You will also need to demonstrate excellent knowledge of legislation and the EYFS curriculum, as well as a good understanding of how to implement and maintain fantastic partnership with parents. You will work closely with the senior management team regarding staff appraisals and recruitment to ensure you get the very best from your staff team. Some of your responsibilities will include:  To achieve and maintain high standards of care and education  To effectively lead and manage the staff team including recruitment and retention, providing day to day guidance, training and support to all staff  To ensure all policies, procedures and curriculums are implemented and adhered to at all times  To keep abreast of current early childhood thinking/trends  To effectively manage the occupancy levels  To implement an effective parent liaison programme, to be influential in developing strong links with parents.  To manage all day to day operations of the nursery You will need to have the following qualifications, training and experience:  NNEB, CACHE level 3, NVQ level 3 or equivalent  Excellent knowledge of health and safety legislation  Knowledge of OFSTED standards  Excellent knowledge of the EYFS  Excellent organisational skills with the ability to work to targets and deadlines  Good time management skills  Excellent communication skills  Strong people management skills  Knowledge and understanding of equal opportunities/SENCO etc.  Previous relevant supervisory experience Excellent rates of pay, bonuses and benefits with ongoing support and career development. All applicants will be required to complete an enhanced CRB Disclosure. We believe that we can only be as successful as our employees. That is why we invest 100% in each and every member of our team. For more information please contact us or send us your CV to be considered for the position. PLEASE SEND YOUR CV TO APPLY TO FOR THIS POSITION