Title: Year 6 Teacher  Haringey  February 2013
Webindex: 72451085
Company: NP Education
Description: February Start Year 6 Teacher Haringey WORK IN A HIGH ACHIEVING, SUPPORTIVE SCHOOL This is vibrant school with a strong and dedicated team, are looking for an experienced Year 6 teacher to join them February ****0****3. The role will continue until the end of the academic year in July 2013. This Haringey based Primary school are looking for an experienced KS2 teacher to teacher their Year 6 class. It is essential that you have experience teaching KS2 in the UK. For the right candidate, there is a possible Key Stage leader role available. The school was rated as 'Good' across the board in Key Stage 1 and Key Stage two in its last OFSTED inspection. The Primary school also benefits **** fields and a large playground make up the school grounds, which helps the school focus on the importance of a healthy and active lifestyle. Teaching and learning is of a very high standard, and the staff are focused on maintaining those standards throughout the school. The school is particularly focused on social skills and developing personal and emotional awareness. Children who face difficulties with behaviour benefit from programmes designed to improve their understanding of their actions. As a result, behaviour in the school is outstanding. If you are a committed educator with high expectations, this role is perfect for you. If you are interested, please apply today  PLEASE CONTACT NP EDUCATION ASAP ON THE DETAILS BELOW  NP Education works in partnership with schools and academies throughout the UK to support the recruitment process for daytoday, shortterm and longterm cover, and permanent contracts. From Newly Qualified Teachers to Head Teachers, we recruit across all phases of the education sector. NP Education is part of ITN Mark Education, the leading education recruitment specialist with 22 offices across the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/Year6TeacherHaringeyFebruary2013_job****