Title: Training Officer  Administration
Webindex: 70206127
Company: Jobsearch
Description: Ideally qualified however for the right applicant our client will put the person through the Assessor qualification as long as they are / were a current assessor qualification. Applicants must have execellent IT skills Job Description: MISSION STATEMENT – FOR GOVERNMENT FUNDED PROGRAMMES To engage learners and employers in work based learning ensuring learners achieve their goals, employment and progress into lifelong learning via a quality learning experience COMPANIES PARTICIPATING IN GOVERNMENT FUNDED PROGRAMMES (GFP) To ensure that any interested companies receive up to date and accurate information regarding Government Funded Programmes.(GFP). To ensure companies wishing to participate in GFP are initially and continually appraised for health, safety and equality of opportunity. To ensure companies participating in GFP have continued current liability insurance cover and evidence is obtained. To inform Managing Director of companies who fail to renew liability insurance so appropriate measures are implemented to withdraw GFP provision. To participate in any GFP promotional events e.g. Career Conventions, parents’ evenings, job fairs etc. To encourage and promote employer involvement in GFP e.g. involvement in progress reviews, train inhouse assessors, attend moderation meetings etc. INITIAL ASSESSMENT OF APPLICANTS/LEARNERS To ensure all learners are eligible, committed and suitable prior to participating in GFP. To carry out initial assessment of all learners. To agree appropriate Individual Learning Plans (ILPs) (i.e. occupational and Skills for Life) with the learner and company identifying the training required, when, where and by whom. NOTE: In agreeing the occupational ILP the experience and maturity of the learner should be taken into consideration. To diagnose all learners to identify gaps in their Literacy and Numeracy via the National Test Toolkit Practice Disk (Move on). INDUCTION OF LEARNERS To explain to learners the requirements of the programme (e.g. NVQ, Key Skills and Technical Certificates, Literacy and Numeracy) and issue and explain the use of the portfolio. To ensure learners receive company induction within the first 7 days of commencement onto the programme and evidence is obtained. To, where possible, be in attendance at learner induction where training is to take place in a high risk working environment. TRAINING To make reasonable and practicable efforts to remove any personal barriers that could affect the learner’s progression. To make appropriate training arrangements for learners where resources are not available in the work placement. To record Skills for Life/Key Skills teaching sessions on appropriate documentation. To advise employers on methods of training that would suit individual learning styles. To ensure records of training e.g. training programmes where available are supplied and so far as practicable completed by employers. PROGRESS REVIEW To ensure reviews (tripartite) take place in a private, quiet location away from the learner’s workstation. To monitor learner progress at least every 6 weeks. To, in liaison with both learner and their supervisor, record progress towards previously agreed targets/learning aims and agree future learning, training and assessment arrangements. Copies of reviews to be passed to learner and company. Our copy of the review to be passed to Admin Support for entry prior to filing in learner file. To ensure equality of opportunity is afforded to all learners throughout the duration of their programme. To monitor learners ensuring continued progression towards completion of their qualification is on target as per individual learning plan. Where learners are falling behind schedule extra support visits must be made. ASSESSMENT To carry out learner assessments. Where working towards assessor qualifications 100% of assessments must be countersigned by qualified assessors. To attend and assist in Moderation/Sampling Meetings and any Internal Verification requirements as required. To ensure targets agreed for overall/timely success learners are met. GENERAL DUTIES To plan all company/learner visit in a timely manner bearing in mind geographical areas and ensuring maximum efficient and effective use of time and resources. To provide weekly plans, timesheets and plan/late review lists to Team Managers/Leaders every Monday. To report any significant learner or company problems/concerns immediately to Team Manager/Leader. To provide accurate KPI to Team Leaders via the KPS form. To maintain learner/company files in an orderly prescribed fashion. To ensure all documentation is completed accurately and legibly. To update and where appropriate revise all learner/company documentation at every learner/company visit. To cover any other nontechnical duties that may occur in relation to GFP. To complete any necessary documentation (e.g. NL**** Cause for Concern linking forms), requesting change in circumstances, additional support requirements, learner issues etc. and pass to appropriate NLTG staff/departments. To check on an ongoing basis whether workplacements have any staff who are eligible for Government Funded Programmes and if so complete necessary paperwork. To contribute towards the team ethos prevalent both within their occupational team and NLTG in its entirety. To keep abreast of all new developments re NVQs/Key Skills and Skills for Life and make suggestions for continued improvement and developments.