Title: Early Years Practitioner with EYPS qualification
Webindex: 70762159
Company: Academics Ltd
Description: Early Years Practitioner with EYPS qualification Children s Centre based in East Barnet Immediate start Ongoing fulltime role Great daily rate of minimum **** per day MUST have the Early Years Professional Status Qualification Have you got your EYPS? Do you want to use it in a rewarding role? To apply for this role you must have extensive EYFS knowledge and experience. You must also have your EYPS and be based in or close to Barnet. If this applies to you then please read on The Centre manager is looking for an experienced EYP Nursery Practitioner to take a lead role within a busy Children s Centre. You must be organised, dynamic and adaptable and have the confidence and ability to go in and flourish within your role. You will be overseeing the two **** year old rooms within the centre and will manage groups of other nursery practitioners. You will ensure the EYFS is fully implemented and progressed within the rooms. You along with the other staff will have key worker responsibility and will be observing, planning and assessing the children. You must be computer literate and have the ability to complete the on line trackers for the children. Part of your role will be to work closely with the staff, observing and recognising training needs. The Head of Centre is looking for strong motivational and leadership skills which will encourage the staff. Role modelling and excellent communication skills are vital as is working closely with the Centre Manager. The centre brings together childcare, early education, health and familysupport services for families with children under 5 years old. This children s centre plays a big part in the local community helping to tackle child poverty and social exclusion, working with parents, carers and children to promote the physical, intellectual and social development. Children s Centres such as this brings together service providers from the statutory sector like health, social services and early education, as well as voluntary, private and community organisations and parents themselves, to provide integrated services for young children and their families based on what local children need. This is a lovely children s centre which provides excellent services to local families. It is busy but well organised and can offer some valuable experience. You must have worked in a Children s Centre, Private Nursery or School since gaining you EYPS qualification. If this applies to you please forward me your CV now