Title: Primary NQT Teacher
Webindex: 69553156
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: Primary NQT – StratforduponAvon Are you a Primary NQT that will be coming to the end of your PGCE, Schools Direct or TeachFirst course this summer? Are you excited about finding your first full time position as a Primary NQT in the StratforduponAvon area? Have you been graded as ‘Good or ‘Outstanding’ on your observations? Do you have the energy, drive and ambition to make your mark in as a newly qualified teacher? Primary NQT September 2013 Start MPS/UPS Pay scale StratforduponAvon Key Stage 1 Teacher Need to be of inspiring character MUST be graded ‘Good’ &‘Outstanding’ Supportive Head Teacher My client’s school, located in the heart of Shakespeare country is a two form entry Primary school. They are currently looking to appoint a Primary NQT to join them on a full time permanent basis as of this September. The school, with **** classes from Reception to Year **** provides education for the children of StratforduponAvon and its surrounding villages. As well as the classrooms the school boasts an up to date technology suite, entertainment room, music room and an elegant dining room. The school aim to tap in to the true potential of all pupils’ which is achieved through a combination of nurturing, a stimulating curriculum and teachers with the ability to motivate and inspire. A warm and safe environment means pupils’ love coming to school and have the upmost respect for the teaching and support staff. As a Primary NQT, starting your first full time role, it is essential for your success that you are well supported. This Head will ensure your career and professional development are continually monitored and supported. This support should help you become an outstanding Primary school teacher. The head teacher is keen to appoint an NQT that is motivated and 100% committed to become an outstanding teacher at Key Stage 1. The successful applicant needs to engage children of all abilities with the ability to inspire a love for learning. Due to the aspirations of the teaching staff and parents it is essential as an NQT you can deliver lessons of the highest quality that will stimulate the whole class If you’re committed to making your mark as a Primary school teacher, in a good school, and have the drive and motivation to really make a difference, then please send a copy of your CV to Patrick at Edustaff.