Title: SEN Teaching Assistant/Teacher  Autism Specialist
Webindex: 69007247
Company: Protocol Education
Description: Special Schools throughout Greater Manchester are increasingly turning to Protocol to provide specialist SEN support staff who specialise in working with Autism. We are looking for suitable people to join our team of Autism specialist support workers. You will most likely be required to work on a one to one basis with a specific child who has a statement of Special Education Needs or have been allocated other funding, to allow the provision of extra support based on their specific needs. Your typical day can vary greatly depending on the individual needs of the pupils. It could include: Helping with their school work Differentiating work that the teacher has set and contributing to the monitoring and assessment of progress. Helping to increase the pupils confidence, selfesteem and independence Supporting the pupil with Social, Emotional or Behavioural difficulties. Targeted intervention work based on IEP targets Assisting with the pupils physical needs, including hygiene and feeding, as well as assisting with therapy sessions. If you are a qualified SEN teaching assistant with a solid work history and experience in working with Autism, we are keen to work with you. We will need to be able to reference the last 2 years with no gaps and you need to provide evidence of your qualification and any specialist further training. You will need to be free full time ideally, for at least 6 weeks and be flexible in location of work within Greater Manchester. Working as an SEN teaching assistant is a demanding and challenging role. You will need to show that you have a calm and caring nature, positive attitude and determination to succeed. In return Protocol education can offer a variety of work placements both on a daily basis or longer term. We will discuss with you during your interview, the kind of work you are looking for and what vacancies we have that will best suit your skills and experience. We work hard to place you in a role and a school that you will excel in. You can expect a high level of service from your dedicated consultant, competitive rates of pay and support in further training. All employees are subject to extensive referencing and safeguarding checks