Title: Teacher of Year ****
Webindex: 69007706
Company: TimePlan Education
Description: Are you looking for a lovely Year **** Teaching Position in Surbiton? We have a great short term contract available for a passionate Key Stage One Educator looking for a promising Primary Teaching role in the Borough of KingstonuponThames now TimePlan Surrey are looking for an enthusiastic and energetic Key Stage One Teacher looking to take on a new role immediately. The Kingston School are looking for a professional Early Years Teacher with experience working in a Key Stage One class, developing a positive rapport with students and liaising with parents. The candidate is required to fill a short term vacancy that has come available in the Borough of Kingston. To apply online for this Teacher of Year **** post visit (url removed) for the exciting new KS1 Teaching position. This well regarded Infants School in Surbiton is seeking an experienced Year 1 Teacher that can join the Key Stage One team immediately following a sudden leave requirement from a member of staff. The successful candidate will be required to teach the Year 1 class of **** five to six year olds on a full time basis until the end of the half term. It is likely that the school will be seeking to further extend this vacancy, although this is to be determined by the school at a later date. This delightful class is well settled and exhibits no significant special needs, just an eagerness to be nurtured and to learn. The school in Surbiton is accessible from all major transport links in; Wimbledon, Clapham Junction, Sutton, Mitcham Junction and Richmond. The successful applicant needs to be an experienced Year 1 Teacher from the UK or abroad looking for the perfect Primary Teaching opportunity in Surbiton. Candidates must be available for an immediate start.  You must have recent experience providing quality Classroom Teaching to Key Stage One.  You must be a qualified Primary Teacher.  You will hold a current and clear CRB.  You will be available for a face to face registration interview at the TimePlan Surrey Office immediately.  You will be available to start this Year 1 Teaching role in the very near future. In return we can offer:  Competitive rates of pay;  A designated Key Coordinator;  Associated pay benefits, including a longer working day allowance, meal allowance and travel expenses;  Opportunities to enhance your professional development. If you are interested in applying for the Year 1 Teacher Position in Surbiton please apply online at with the reference Year 1 Primary Teacher in Surbiton or call Anna for the Kingston Primary Teacher Position with TimePlan on (Apply online only)