Title: QTS/ Science Teacher Urgently Required Dudley
Webindex: 69005589
Company: TeacherActive
Description: A high achieving school in Dudley recently receiving an Ofsted grading of Excellent, is looking for an experienced teacher of Science to join their supportive and successful department in January. The role has arisen due to the school not being about to employ a suitable person for the long term position. The position is full time and is initially on a temporary basis, but this could change into something more permanent for the right candidate. Suitable candidates will ideally have the following attributes:  QTS or NQT.  Experience of teaching Science to KS**** in a mainstream school  Ability to build a good rapport with pupils and staff alike.  A committed and dedicated character with a passion for teaching.  A strong and mature classroom management ability. As a member of the TeacherActive supply team you should expect to enjoy the following benefits:  Market leading daily rates of pay.  Ability to claim back expenses incurred through working.  Enhanced CRB Disclosure at discounted rates, refundable after 10 days  Years of experience and knowledge of the education industry.  Unrivalled service from a dedicated team of consultants.  An amazing referral scheme, with the opportunity. To apply, contact us now on (Apply online only) or email your CV to All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service  and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services