Title: School Administrator
Webindex: 62116647
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: School Administrator ? SIMS & FMSis Experience required ? January start Are you an experienced School office administrator looking for a post starting January 2013? Are you looking for a long term post for a minimum of 26 weeks with the potential to become permanent? Do you have experience in school software systems that include SIMs and Financial software? If you answered yes this could be the post for you School Administrator ? Redditch Large Secondary School Term time only Experienced in SIMS and FMSIS ? Reporting direct to the School Business Manager Salary negotiable dependant on experience ? 26 week duration contract Onsite parking but school within close proximity to public transport This large mixed comprehensive secondary school has over the last three years improved beyond recognition to become one of the best schools located within the LEA of Worcestershire. Starting in January the school are looking to appoint an experienced school administrator for a minimum period of 26 weeks to cover maternity leave in the first instance but there may be an opening for a permanent post. The school is a busy place to be and as part of the secondary school you will need to be a multitasker with a friendly ?can do' attitude. The current team consist of x**** administrators, an office manager and a SBM. Although everyone has their own defined roles they all work well together as a team picking up and doing whatever is needed to make it work. They are a friendly team who enjoy working together and as the first point of contact for most parents they are extremely professional. To be successful in this post you will need to have experience using schools software including SIMS and FMSis. The role will be **** hours a week over term time only on a **** daya week basis. The post is offered for a minimum 26 weeks but could be extended or offered on a permanent basis. For more information about joining this fantastic team, please send your CV and short covering letter to Cassandra at Edustaff. Please note: Only successful candidates will be contacted