Title: Vocational Area Manager  Hospitality and Catering  Lincolnshire
Webindex: 68702487
Company: Taylor Herrick Recruitment
Description: A specialist vocational provider for the Hospitality and Catering industries has a high profile vacancy for an Area Manager, to cover the Lincolnshire region. THE ROLE; As an Area Manager you will take full responsibility for all key activities within the allocated county, Lincolnshire. Duties will include accountability for the Area’s finances. Working closely to motivate and lead a team of TrainerAssessor’s, you will develop and manage the Lincolnshire area, engaging with employers, attracting new learners, ensuring quality standards are maintained, monitoring learner progress and completions and overall, ensure that the learners' interest are at the heart of what the training provider delivers. Key accountabilities will include; •Building strong and positive working relationships internally, as well as with Employers and other Key Stakeholders •Business development, cementing existing and creating new relationships with employers, building a strong network of contacts to identify opportunities that will increase learner numbers and grow business. •People management, including recruitment; induction; mentoring and coaching; individual and team performance management; sickness absence; annual leave; other absences; discipline and grievances; and associated recordkeeping. •Financial management, which involves building budgets and managing them on a regular basis through ongoing analysis of profit and loss, closely managing costs and ensuring that income and expenditure are accurate and target margins are achieved. ABOUT YOU; The variety of duties that this role entails requires successful candidates to have a strong skills set across a range of areas and a diverse selection of personal qualities. These include; •Hospitality and Catering industry experience is essential •Track record of achieving and exceeding challenging targets with teams •Evidence of working with operational budgets •Worked in a peoplefocused environment •Full understanding and knowledge of the Work Based Learning sector •Management experience within a commercially run education environment •Experience of working in a sales environment •Experience of staff / HR performance management •Demonstrate ability to focus on delivery expectations PROSTECTS OFFERED; This is a fantastic opportunity to join leading specialist training provider and lead their allocated area of Lincolnshire. After successful completion of a **** month probation period, additional optional benefits are available including a company vehicle and a contributory pension scheme with generous company contributions. A healthy starting salary will be in the range indicated, depending upon experience and qualifications. The provider also pays ****p per mile, from their base office. To apply, please submit your CV to amandathrecruit.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VocationalAreaManagerHospitalityandCateringLincolnshire_job****