Title: Nursery Nurse with Experience
Webindex: 69007147
Company: Academics Ltd
Description: Nursery position not to be missed in Lambeth Calling all experienced NVQ level 3 Nursery Nurses  Starting January 28th Must have current CRB  Paying **** to **** per day I am looking for a fun lovong Nursery Nurse preferably with EYFS School experience to work in a fabulous school in the lively borough of Lambeth You will be working within the foundation stage alongside the teacher so you will be a great team player as well as someone who can use their initiative and work alone. The Early Years team work closely together to ensure an impressive Foundation Stage which produces great results. The classes are of a good size enabling you to work effectively on a ****:**** basis as well as in small groups. All rooms are bright and airy and the outdoor play area is a real hit with the children. DO YOU FEEL YOU STAND OUT FROM THE REST? This school is particularly interested in Nursery Nurses who are creative and resourceful and who may be looking to go on and learn to teach one day. Perhaps you are someone who frequently comes up with ideas of making play fun. Do you enjoy observing, assessing and completing children s profiles? Do your observations inspire you to create exiting activities that you enjoy as much as the children? It may be that your talents are wasted in your current role and you are looking for your next venture. The Head Teacher at this school fully encourages all workers, parents and carers to be part of the schools progression and all staff play a major part in the success of the school. Alongside having energy and enthusiasm, knowledge and experience, you will have good communication skills that you utilise well within the classroom as well as with parents and carers. You must also have a good understanding of the EYFS and be confident in implementing it. You will need to have a current CRB and available for a quick start in January. This long term role is a great opportunity for a confident Nursery Nurse to gain further experience. If you are interested in this position and can say that you fit the above criteria please don t delay, submit your CV today