Title: Key Stage 2 Teacher, Slough
Webindex: 70255204
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: Key Stage 2 Teacher, Slough **** per day This wonderful Primary school in Slough are looking for an enthusiastic Key Stage 2 teacher. SEN experience would be advantageous as you will need to build rapports with the pupils. Some of the pupils you will be working with have English as an additional language and may require additional help with literacy. You will be responsible for ensuring that pupils are supported and developed in all subjects, but particularly English and Maths. The school has a great reputation for its proactive approach to learning and child development. The staff in the School are very supportive and progression will be made for the right candidate. This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its' exceptional team initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this Primary school you will require the following:  Must have QTS, can be an NQT or have the equivalent overseas qualifications.  Must be strong in Maths and English  Able to prepare innovative and engaging lessons  Be supportive encouraging to enable child development  Be able to work as part of a friendly and committed team At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even if it is just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated Primary consultant  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  The opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/KeyStage2TeacherSlough_job****