Title: Year 6 Teacher at Good Birmingham Primary School
Webindex: 68184042
Company: Connaught Education
Description: Year ****Teacher Are you a specialist Key Stage 2 Teacher seeking your next permanent role? Are you free to start in September 2013? Are you excited by the prospect of working in an Ofsted “Good” School (2011)? Do you consider yourself to be a “Good” practitioner?  Year 6 Teacher  Permanent Post  Ofsted rated “Good”  MPS/UPS Located within the Birmingham LEA this Ofsted rated “Good” primary school are searching for a Year 6 Teacher to appoint on a permanent basis. The role is full time and is scheduled to commence in time for the start of the next academic year September 2013. The school have indicated a degree of flexibility regarding the level and experience of potential candidates, with the potential to accommodate NQT’s or more experienced learning professionals. The vast majority of the school’s pupils come from minority ethnic groups, with many speaking English as an additional language. The proportion of pupils eligible for free school meals is approximately twice the national average. The school was most recently described by Ofsted as “Good” with signs of rapid improvement at all levels. The school fosters an environment of health and wellbeing, meaning pupils receive a wellrounded educational and lifestyle experience. The school has worked to ensure that the achievement of its pupils moves from low starting points at Nursery level to being broadly in line with the national average by the end of Year 6. The school demonstrates strong and effective leadership at all levels with middle management strongly committed to furthering the school’s status. The school are committed to ensuring the continuing professional development of their staff and the successful applicant will be provided with the opportunity to attend further training and development. If you are interested in this permanent post teaching a Year 6 class at this “Good” school then don’t hesitate to contact Liam at Connaught in the first instance. Connaught Education operates as an Employment Business and an Employment Agency. We are a committed equal opportunities employer who respect and value cultural diversity. We are committed to supporting the welfare of children and young people. In support of current Safeguarding legislation and as a DfE Quality Mark agency, we will carry out background checks and an Enhanced CRB Disclosure as part of our recruitment and selection procedures.