Title: Tutor/Assessor  Business Administration
Webindex: 69007605
Company: Allstaff
Description: We have a fantastic and exciting opportunity to work for an expanding training provider within the Welfare to Work sector. Our client is looking for a highly experienced, qualified and motivated individual to apply for a Business Administration Tutor/Assessor. Location: Rotherham Salary  ****  **** In recent years my client has gone through exciting growth and development, they are fast becoming one of the leading training providers in the Welfare to Work sector. With various recognised awards they value equality and diversity, leadership and management and capacity to improve. They pride themselves on employees who are motivated and driven to succeed within their role. Duties: To deliver functional skills qualifications from entry **** to level 2 and embed into employability skills and a Business Administration qualification. Manage a caseload of given learners, visiting learners in the workplace to build a portfolio for successful completion of the qualification. Work independently to prepare and assess learners on a regular basis. Build strong working relationships within the team to ensure paperwork competency and any issues are dealt with in an efficient manner with the internal verifier. Work towards and achieve set targets, completing reports in line with company processes. Essential: Must hold A**** Award or equivalent at present time. Must hold a teaching qualification (PTTLS, DTTLS) or equivalent. Experience of delivering functional skills embedded with Business Administration. Excellent occupational competency within the field of Business Administration. Working as an assessor/tutor for one year or more in Business Administration. Due to the high number of applications that we are currently receiving we will only be able to respond to successful candidates. If you have not heard from us within 7 days then please assume that you have not been selected on this occasion. We will keep your details on file and keep you informed of any other opportunities in the future