Title: Maths Graduate required to work as a Teaching Assistant at a top Birmi
Webindex: 72121176
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: Are you a Maths Graduate with a **** Class Degree or higher? Do you have a strong academic background, including solid ALevel GCSE results? Are you looking to commence your Teacher Training in the near future? Would you like to gain fantastic school based experience working as a Teaching Assistant, at a 'Good with outstanding features' Ofsted 2012 Secondary School found in Birmingham? This tremendous Teaching Assistant may be the job for you… Maths Graduate  **** of higher Exceptional Teaching Assistant position Erdington, Birmingham Full time long term job until July 2013 **** per full day 79% AC in 2012's GCSE results (Maths Department) Amazing opportunity Found in the Erdington area of Birmingham, my client is an averaged sized **** mixed comprehensive. The school are looking for a bright and talented Maths Graduate, with a **** Class Degree or higher and concrete ALevel GSCE's to work as a Teaching Assistant within their Mathematics Department. This Teaching Assistant role is to start as soon as possible full time long term, until the end of the academic year in July 2013. Although this Teaching Assistant role is to start immediately, the school have said they will not be rushing into appointing a Maths Graduate, and will be happy to wait until the perfect Graduate comes along and can start. Once appointed as the successful Teaching Assistant, you will be working solely within the Mathematics Department with pupils in Key Stages **** **** 5 on a onetoone basis whilst also tutoring in small groups. In your role as a Teaching Assistant, you will be working closely with the excellent Head of Maths, who you will be shadowing in the first instance, and once settled report back to with the progress of your pupils. Your main Teaching Assistant objective is to help maintain the already existing excellence of the pupils learning; whilst also to assist pupils who are learning below then expected and help them achieve higher grades. The school have previously employed Graduates over the last few years as Teaching Assistants and have since created a Graduate training programme, which you will be enrolled on. The outcome of your training programme will be to help you in your role as a Teaching Assistant, ensuring you are learning and developing your skills, in order to educate your pupils to the best of your ability. My client has an inclusive ethos and is as proud of its role in the community and the development of the pupils as well rounded young adults as it is of the excellent exam results they produce. In 2012's GSCE exams, 79% of pupils achieved AC within Mathematics. My client is comparatively small compared to some within the LEA, but this has helped foster a family feeling at the school that helps support pupils in their learning and encourages pupils to maximise their potential. In 2012 the school was deemed as 'Good with outstanding features' by Ofsted. Facilities at the school are good, with the school possessing well sized classrooms, good ICT equipment and large playing fields. The school can be found located near several bus stops, of which buses run regularly, but is also situated close to a train station. However onsite car parking will be offered to the successful Teaching Assistant. If you are interested in this outstanding opportunity please email a copy of your CV to Alfie at Edustaff immediately and avoid missing out on this excellent opportunity Your application will be passed onto the client and if we do not contact you directly within 7 days, your application was unsuccessful