Title: Family Court Advisers
Webindex: 71878491
Company: CAFCASS
Description: Cafcass Putting children at the centre of everything Cafcass are the largest employer of Social Workers in the country working directly with children and their families. Each year, we work with over 150,000 children, championing their interests and advising the courts on the best outcomes to safeguard each individual child. Family Court Advisers Locations including Birmingham, London and the South East ****  **** per annum Cafcass can offer you a privileged role – being the voice in the family court of some of the most vulnerable children in England. We are seeking qualified; HCPC registered Social Workers with three years experience of working within a child safeguarding setting to advise the court on the needs and best interests of children involved in Family Proceedings. A skilled communicator able to build positive relationships with the judiciary early on you will be an expert in safeguarding, children’s engagement, interagency working and case analysis, planning and recording. Your role will be to make professional recommendations in a family court setting to convey the best interests for the child. In return we offer competitive rewards, stimulating and autonomous work and a culture where everyone is valued and their contribution recognised. You’ll receive excellent reflective supervision, access to extensive training and opportunities for career develeopment, enjoy excellent flexibility and be equipped with the latest technology to support you in your work from day one. This is a fantastic opportunity for a highly motivated professional eager to progress in their Career within Children’s Services whilst enjoying a great supportive working environment and excellent benefits. Want to get an idea of what it’s like to work at Cafcass? Why not attend one of our open evening events taking place across these locations in late January/February 2013. Discover more and apply at http://www.cafcass.gov.uk/cafcass_careers Cafcass promotes diversity and aims to build a diverse, talented and committed workforce from all backgrounds.