Title: Development Worker job in Westminster
Webindex: 71717188
Company: New Directions Education Ltd
Description: We are seeking an experienced Development Worker for a Charity organisation based in Westminster. The role is permanent, **** hours a week and may involve occasional weekend shifts. As a Development Worker, you will be responsible for supporting adults with learning disabilities to achieve their potential and be independent. If successful, your responsibilities will include: Assisting users to enrol on education courses Support users in health and wellbeing related activities Delivering group learning sessions, such as literacy and numeracy skills. Facilitating onetoone support sessions Liaising with case managers, families and carers. Providing reports and information on the service as required. The organisation supports its students to take part in all aspects of community life. If your application is successful, you will be joining a small, but highly dedicated team of staff. There is a particular focus on providing training and education, providing travel support and providing a tailored package of services for users. The role is highly rewarding, and is the perfect opportunity for somebody seeking to support young adults with learning disabilities. Previous experience of working with learning disabilities is desirable. Applicants must be willing to undergo an enhanced CRB check. For more information, please do not hesitate to contact a member of the team. The role of a Special Educational Needs Teacher will require A relevant SEN teaching qualification Ideally experience working in an SEN environment Recent experience in a classroom environment An excellent track record Good knowledge of the national curriculum Strong interpersonal and people management skills Flexibility and adaptability to work shortterm and longterm. Jobs in Special Educationalal Needs (SEN) A large number of our jobs are in SEN and we fill many vacancies in schools with candidates who have particular experience in working with children classified as below: Autistic Spectrum Disorder (ASD) Dyslexia Dyspraxia MultiSensory Impairment (MSI) Moderate Learning Difficulties (MLD) Profound and Moderate Learning Difficulties (PMLD) Emotional Behavioural Difficulties (EBD) Severe Learning Difficulties. As well as working with students who have Physical Disabilities (PD). &nbsp What can we offer Regular work potentially leading to longterm roles An dedicated account manager Fully compliant with the AWR (Agency Workers Regulation) Competitive pay rates Network of branches across the UK Preferred supplier to **** boroughs across the UK Recommendafriend scheme Respected reputation throughout the education and recruitment industry. APPLY NOW