Title: Training Officer (Business Administration and Customer Service)
Webindex: 70601283
Company: Broadland District Council
Description: Job Description Date prepared: January 2013 Job title: Training Officer, Business Administration and Customer Service Operating unit: Location: Economic Development Broadland Council Training Services (BCTS) Name of job holder: Vacant Main purpose of job: Delivery and assessment of Business and Administration and Customer Service qualifications. Position in organisation: Immediate supervisor: Staff Name: Anna Kingman Direct reports: 0 Title: Work Based Learning and Recruitment Officer Indirect supports: 0 Total managed: 0 Main duties: To develop, deliver and assess the Business Administration and Customer Service frameworks . To use e portfolio’s for assessment and develop on line teaching resources for underpinning knowledge and understanding. To plan and deliver teaching sessions in house or in the workplace as is appropriate. To carry out learner reviews and action plans meeting IAG and smart targets. To follow up the administration process, meeting weekly with admin staff to assist with documentation, progression, passing on information and ensuring that all parties are aware of relevant details. To liaise with Work based learning and recruitment officer and other assessors regarding learner support and progressions. Dealing with attendance, timetable and behavioural issues. To monitor and review learners’ performance and to ensure they achieve their progression targets. To instigate appropriate health and safety and safeguarding procedures being mindful of equality and diversity issues. To actively promote and practice the organisation’s values e.g.  to be ‘customer focussed’, considering what ‘best service’ looks like from the customers perspective and taking informed actions to achieve this  to operate in an ‘innovative and cost effective manner’, identifying and actioning efficiencies where appropriate  to work in a manner that positively support the employers ‘caring and engaging’ approach. Liaise with placement providers, employers, External Verifier and BCTS staff as is appropriate. To follow quality assurance procedures and attend assessor and standardisation meetings. Contribute to the Self Assessment Report and quality monitoring visits. Any other appropriate duties to help the council meet its objectives . . Alternatively, call Norwich **** **** to request further details.