Title: Foundation Stage Coordinator
Webindex: 71798274
Company: Edustaff
Description: Do you have a broad understanding of the EYFS curriculum and feel that you have more to offer??? Are you an experienced foundation stage teacher looking to step up to a Coordinator role??? or; have you previous experience as a Foundation Stage Coordinator??? Foundation Stage Coordinator  EYFS Wonderful **** Form Primary School Central London Borough of Kensington & Chelsea September ****013 Start Interviewing NOW MPS/UPS plus Generous TLR for Leadership Permanent Position A highly successful 2 form entry school in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea is looking for an enthusiastic and creative practitioner to take on the role of Foundation Stage Coordinator from September 2013. If you are an experienced Foundation Stage Teacher, with a flair for leadership who is looking for a new role of Foundation Stage Coordinator for the start of the coming 2013 academic year, then this is the school for you. Equally, if you have past experience as a Foundation Stage Coordinator or of managing cross school initiatives then this role could be of interest… There has been a school on this site for over 200 years, although refurbished there is still a small section of the original build remaining and all extensions have been sympathetic. The school now has large classrooms and playground areas as well as the use of a wildlife garden in the neighbourhood. The curriculum is broad and has over the past few years yielded some very good results. This school has a conscientious approach and encourages support and involvement from parents. In the role of Foundation Stage Coordinator, the successful candidate can expect to teach a wellbehaved body of pupils, along with leading and managing all staff at the Foundation stage. You can look forward to playing a key role in updating and influencing practice and policy throughout this vital area. This primary school can offer highly motivated and committed staff members, modern facilities and likely chances for career progression. The facilities and resources, though housed in a traditionally appointed school building, are spacious and well equipped. The beautiful and functional teaching areas are the envy of surrounding schools. In return for this new Foundation Stage Coordinator appointment, the school hopes to gain a creative and experienced leader who wishes to make an impact on the life of ALL pupils and staff within the foundation stage. If you are interested in this Foundation Stage Coordinator role, application is simple. Please send an updated CV to Phil at EduStaff NOW