Title: SEN Teaching Assistant (Special Education Needs)
Webindex: 68065817
Company: Celsian Education
Description: CELSIAN EDUCATION are currently recruiting for Teaching Assistants within the SEN (Special Education Needs) sector: Do you have experience of working with Autism, Profound and Multiple Learning Difficulties, Visual or Hearing Impairments or other Special Learning or Physical Needs? If the answer to any of the above is 'yes' then please send your CV and I will be happy to contact you to arrange an informal chat about your requirements and aspirations. Whether you have a wealth of relevant experience in Special Needs or the Care Sector or just an interest in working with children we can help you to make progressive steps in your chosen career. Celsian offer the following opportunities and benefits:  Placements within relevant settings to gain feedback and references.  Free Team Teach training (a positive handling strategy) for behaviour support workers.  Highly competitive rates of pay  A dedicated consultant who will put your best interests and career progression first.  Opportunities to work on either a flexible, daytoday basis or within longer term posts that can lead to permanent work. I would be delighted to hear from you and look forward to receiving your CV soon. Celsian Education has been placing teachers and teaching assistants into jobs in schools since **** and operates throughout a network of offices across the UK enabling us to respond to your needs quickly and effectively. Celsian was one of the first agencies to be awarded the DfE Quality Mark, an essential guide to Quality and Professionalism. Applicants will be expected to undergo a facetoface interview, reference checks and an enhanced CRB disclosure. Celsian Education is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education. Celsian Education is a trading name of Carlisle Staffing plc. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SENTeachingAssistantSpecialEducationNeeds_job****