Title: Breeze Tutor  Birmingham  Fixed Term for 6 months
Webindex: 68701900
Company: TBG Learning Ltd
Description: Ref: LC**** Job Title: Breeze Tutor (Fixed Term for 6 months) Reports to: Business Manager Programme: Breeze Location: Birmingham Closing Date: 7th February 2013 Job summary To enable learners to move into further training and/or employment through delivery, job focused support, personal and social development and employability skills training. You will be responsible for the development delivery of a programme to support ****  **** year olds in reengaging them into a more positive future. What you'll be doing: To teach an appropriate range of courses to meet the learning aims of learners in accordance with company and contractual policies and procedures, to enable learners to move into further training and/or employment. Deploy a wide range of teaching and learner centred learning strategies that ensure the most effective learning, continuation, achievement and progression of learners by extending their knowledge and skills to enable them to move into further training and/or employment. Organise and manage specific regular external development activities (within an agreed budget) as part of the learner's continuous development, confidence and motivation building. Complete all necessary documentation as required by Company and contractual requirements including learner records, registers, reports and statistical data Stimulate and promote effective, learnercentred independent learning strategies for learners of all levels of ability to enable them to participate and heighten their motivation and selfesteem. Establish, build and maintain relationships with Connexions and other outside agencies. Support recruitment activities by helping to identify and secure placements and employers for customers. Assess learner skills and aspirations and identify needs and support required to produce an Individual Learning Plan/Passport, which is agreed with the customer. Undertake continuous (formative) and summative assessment of learners. Provide ongoing encouragement, guidance and support to learners to raise their confidence and selfesteem, ensuring all problems are resolved to increase learner retention and to help them achieve their goal. Provide job search support for learners or provide access to help learner achieve a place at college on an Apprenticeship programme. Contribute to the planning and scheduling process of both teaching and learning and the overall programme to ensure that learners gain the relevant knowledge and skills that lead to vocational pathways and employment opportunities. Contribute to the development of learning resources and flexible learning strategies to meet the learning aims of learners. Where appropriate provide cover in the absence of other Tutors To carry out such other duties as requested by your Line manager. Standard responsibilities for all positions within TBG Learning Participate in any staff review/performance management processes involving the identifying and meeting of training needs for self and others. Evidence own progress and achievement using CPD. Take appropriate responsibility to ensure the health and safety of self and others. Advance and integrate equality and diversity throughout all activities. Undertake any other tasks and responsibilities appropriate to the level of this post. Comply with Rehab Group/TBG policies and procedures at all times. Undertake necessary inhouse training and any training needs identified in appraisal. Attend and participate in verification and standardisation meetings. Participate in curriculum development to ensure a proactive teaching and learning service to all learners. What you'll need to have: Essential: Level 4 Teaching qualification (minimum City Guilds **** stage 3) or commitment to obtain qualification within 2 years Educated to Degree Level or equivalent experience Ability to produce schemes of work and session plans. The ability to collate and record accurate and relevant information. Good organisational and administrative skills. Effective communication skills. Oral and written. Have a good understanding of the Common Inspection Framework standards. Ability to motivate and engage learners at different levels using a variety of materials. Ability to communicate at all levels and use own initiative. Ability to track learner progress and relevant experience working with young people. Excellent organisational, time management skills and IT skills. Ability to empathise with young adults and conduct one's self as a positive role model. Creative with a pro active approach to learning. Must be able to work competently with the minimum of supervision. Able to demonstrate an understanding of different learning styles and how to differentiate through various teaching methods. Experience of dealing with challenging clients with a wide variety of barriers from diverse backgrounds. Direct teaching experience and classroom management. Good time management skills with the ability to work towards and meet deadlines. Ability to communicate and motivate self and others in challenging surroundings. High standard of customer care. Good organisational and administration skills. Commitment to professional development. Desirable: Level 3 Maths and English. Vocational qualifications TBG Learning is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of all participants and expects all staff to share this commitment. As this position may involve handling sensitive data relating to, or working with children and/or vulnerable adults, the successful candidate will be subject to a Disclosure check through the confidential process administered by the Criminal Records Bureau. You will be expected to take responsibility for your own professional development and participate in relevant internal and external training/activities. Who is TBG Learning: TBG Learning is one of the UK's leading youth and adult learning organisations, as well as a growing provider of services in the Welfare to Work Sector. TBG is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rehab Group, an independent, notforprofit (3rd Sector) organisation that provides health, social care, training and employment services to some **** people each year in the UK, Ireland, Netherlands and Poland. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BreezeTutorBirminghamFixedTermfor6months_job****