Title: Lead Teacher
Webindex: 70158759
Company: Castlecare Group Limited
Description: Our expanding network of children's homes and schools provide residential care and education for 'Looked after Children'. Castlecare homes and schools work in close partnership to ensure that these vulnerable young people are in receipt of excellent practice from both disciplines. Care and education services work together to ensure the robust and nurturing environments enable our young people to develop resilience, fortitude and commitment to overcome the life challenges which they may face. An exciting opportunity has arisen to join the cluster school in the Ibstock, Leicestershire area. Our school in the Ibstock area services the educational needs of up to **** of our young people from a number of children's homes in the region. Dependent on need, the school will have additional teaching staff in the form of a combination of tutors and/or LSAs. To apply for this position you must be a fully qualified and proven effective teacher who has had supervisory experience in an education environment. Additionally, given the nature of the cohort to be educated you will need to be able to teach a range of subjects from the National Curriculum at different levels to different age groups. You must therefore be able to demonstrate that you can effectively lead a small team which is made up from the two services in the following areas: Planning for all curriculum subjects; effective use of assessment to ensure personalised subject planning; demonstrating and modelling excellent teaching and effective communications with all stakeholders. This is no ordinary teaching role. It is vital that you have a flexible approach to education and the ability and creativity to work with and engage these particular groups of young people. All positions offer an excellent benefits package including Contributory Pension Scheme and Private Medical Insurance. We also encourage continuous personal development in all of our employees. To apply, please telephone our recruitment hotline on **** **** quoting job reference **** For an application pack or email schapmancastlehomes.co.uk Closing date for completed applications: 4th February 2013 Castlecare Residential Care and Education