Title: Head of Business Studies
Webindex: 72117127
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Head of Business Studies Are you a Head of Business Studies looking for a new role beginning this September at an excellent school in East London? Would you like to work in a school graded as Outstanding by Ofsted due to the current excellent teaching standard and record of raising attainment? Are you looking for that next school where you can really test yourself to continue raising attainment within your Business Department? Main Pay Scale  TLR  Outstanding Secondary School Excellent Senior Leadership Team Permanent post in growing Business Department Fantastic Facilities  second to none Good Transport Links If you are a fantastic Head of Business Studies looking for a new role then look no further, Edustaff have the opportunity for you My client Secondary School, one of the best in East London is looking for a new and enthusiastic head of department for business studies to come into the school and ensure that attainment targets are reached across Key Stages **** **** Is this you? The school has high standard and due to this, the SMT are looking for an experienced Head of Business, or an ambitious teacher looking for that next step up. However, you must be able to demonstrate the following qualities:  Excellent Classroom Practitioner Skills  The ability to help other teachers improve their teaching  Passion for Business Studies as a subject  Excellent Rapport Building Skills Pupils and Staff  The ability to lead a Team of Business Teachers  A desire to work as part of an Outstanding School If you have these qualities then this may be the perfect role for you This school is housed in a newly built building. It has excellent facilities, second to none for East London and can boast some of the best results around The school has a very multicultural intake and it has a wide variety of abilities. You will be tasked with ensuring that within the business department ensures full differentiation and a valuable learning department is secured for all the pupils that learn within it. The school also places a lot of responsibility on their heads of department to create and sustain creative subject material as well as keeping it modern and relevant. The school sees business studies as a fantastic subject but believes that it needs excellent teaching to ensure that the subject continues to grow its Key Stage **** intake. If you are interested in this excellent role please Email your CV to Will at Edustaff