Title: Room Supervisor
Webindex: 69006712
Company: Caleeda Limited
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced Room Leader to supervise and manage the Preschool room of a busy nursery based in Daventry. The nursery setting will require someone with a wealth of experience and knowledge of Early Years Education and experience of running a busy nursery room. You will be in charge of the room, part of the management team and will have an assistant Room Leader to support your work. You will be someone who has previously run a successful nursery room for children over 2 years old and have recent experience of using the revised EYFS for planning and leading your team in the room. You must have excellent written and verbal communication, and be experienced in building positive relationships with parents through giving them feedback about their child s day. This is a great opportunity to use the skills and experience you have already gained in order to progress to a more senior room based role. Don t miss out, Apply now Some of your responsibilities as a Room Supervisor will include: To ensure the children are cared for in a happy, safe and stimulating environment To lead your team in order for them to plan, prepare and review the curriculum as a team reflective of the EYFS To work in partnership with the parents To follow and implement all the policies and procedures set out by the nursery To lead the team in your room, providing day to day guidance for your staff where needed You will need to have the following qualifications, training and experience: Qualified to NVQ Level 3 or equivalent Have experience of working with children Excellent rates of pay, bonuses and benefits with ongoing support and career development. All applicants will be required to complete an enhanced CRB Disclosure. We believe that we can only be as successful as our employees. That is why we invest 100% in each and every member of our team. Please send your CV to apply for this position