Title: Art Teacher in North London
Webindex: 69747230
Company: A Star Teachers
Description: Art Teacher  Good school (OFSTED)  Based in North London  Competitive salary and development offered We are on the hunt for a committed and lively teacher who can bring exceptional lessons across all aspects of the KS**** and KS**** Art curriculum, for a one year temporary post. The triumphant candidate will be joining a high performing facility which consistently provides an inspiring curriculum enabling all pupils to achieve their potential. Applicants will be expected to show a track record of high quality teaching and focused learning in their current teaching post or from their secondary school placements. It is no coincidence that when the School was last inspected in 2010 that inspectors judged the school to be a Good School, with exceptional achievement and standards and brilliant behaviour and firstrate relationships between students and staff. This ethos is created by placing great importance on building a close working partnership with parents. We consider that it is only through students, parents and teachers working collectively in an ambiance of trust and mutual respect that we can accomplish the very best for our young people. The school is a considerate place. Students are given terrific opportunities to gain selfassurance. We want every single student to fulfil their aspirations and to go on to lead joyful, prosperous and triumphant adult lives. To be considered for the role you will need to:  Be a qualified Teacher with QTS  Have at least 2 years teaching experience in the UK  Ideally, be living in North London or within easy reach It is A Star Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, due to the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to each applicant individually. If we have not contacted you within three working days, your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may feel suitable for in the future. A Star Teachers is a Quality Marked Agency (continuously since ****) and is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people