Title: DJCTKS****NLHHS
Webindex: 69144076
Company: Edustaff
Description: Are you a talented and engaging Chemistry Teacher seeking a permanent post this January? Are you confident teaching across the key stages up to and including A Level? This is an excellent opportunity for a passionate, personable and inspirational Chemistry Teacher. The science department is large and varied with the HOD and Head Teacher looking to recruit a talented Science Teacher and Chemistry specialist for this coming January. This is a full time and permanent post…apply today Science Teacher – Chemistry specialist January 2013 start – permanent school contract Secondary comprehensive school for Orthodox Jewish community Recently graded as Outstanding… North London – Borough of Barnet High achieving school and Science department – “exceptional GCSE results” Very good balance between religious and secular studies… Jewish recently graded as OUTSTANDING is located in North London (zone ****) in the borough of Barnet, with easy access from the nearest over ground stations on a direct route from Kings Cross. The school caters for the Orthodox Jewish Community, with pupils from more advantaged backgrounds than in most schools but the proportion with learning difficulties and disabilities is average. Most pupils have White backgrounds although only half are White British. Very few pupils are at the early stages of learning English. The head teacher is seeking a talented Science Teacher; specialising in Chemistry up to KS**** to join this high achieving a talented Science department in the new year, and is very specific on the calibre of candidate she is looking for. Keen to maintain the staff dynamics within the department and school the Head Teacher is looking for somebody with something extra, an exceptional teacher and personable individual. The Head Teacher welcomes both NQT’s and experienced practitioners to apply; with the focus on the quality of teaching and personality. This is a wonderful opportunity to become part of a great science department who have teachers with varied experience including SLT members. The Science department works with the core curriculum up to Alevel and has worked hard to raise and consistently achieve top grades. The school benefits from state of the art resources and provides a great learning environment for both staff and pupils. Science is becoming increasingly more popular within the school and especially across GCSE and A level. The school boasts exceptionally high GCSE results (****4% A  C including Maths & English) and has won numerous awards over the last couple of years with A level results are improving yet still well above average. The school itself is located in North London and easily accessible by car with parking available. The nearest station is an 8 minute bus ride away, with excellent and multiple transport links from central London. This is a school and opportunity worth the commute and travel, but please do consider this when applying. Please email your full CV and cover letter to Danny, here at Edustaff ASAP The Head Teacher would be keen to meet possible candidates immediately ahead of the December break.