Title: Science Teacher in Dubai
Webindex: 70761477
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Are you a Secondary School Science Teacher who wants to work on the shores of Dubai from September 2013? Are you a well qualified and experienced Secondary School Science Teacher who will excel in an International School environment where excellence is a part of everyday life?? Do you want to have the opportunity to grow professionally as well as benefitting from the fantastic financial package that this school has on offer??? If so please send your CV to Jonathan Sammons at Edustaff or call **** (Apply online only) today September 2013 Start Full Time Science Teacher Needed Amazing Dubai International School Second to none Facilities Outstanding Financial Package This International School based in Dubai proudly offers the UK curriculum to an array of international students who are keen to learn and eventually attend the very best university s in the world. As a Science Teacher you will be challenged to extend these students to the next level in preparation for the world beyond secondary education. From September 2013 my client school is currently looking to appoint an outstanding Science Teacher who can confidently teach Chemistry or Physics to Key Stage **** As this is an International School it caters for pupils from a range of cultural back grounds. Over the past few years this school has improved rapidly and is now one of the top rated schools in the city of Dubai. The Science Department is extremely successful at this school and last year the school recorded its best results ever My client school is searching for a Science Teacher who can contribute to an already strong department that continues to raise their game where teachers have very high expectations of students. You will be in a very supportive department with excellent facilities, a school that offers excellent CPD opportunities, respectful pupils with good behaviour, a school that have a great Senior Leadership Team who are supportive of children and staff. This school provides students with a high quality academically rigorous education within a caring and personalised setting. Their curriculum is balanced by a range of extracurricular and sports activities, and is enriched through the integration of a holistic Education in Human Values program which develops academic and emotional intelligence. They challenge their students to become successful learners, confident individuals, responsible citizens and effective contributors to society. Science Teachers in Dubai can expect to earn lucrative salaries, competitive benefits packages, and will enjoy living in a world class city. Teaching in private international schools across the emirate of Dubai, teachers will join multinational staff and teach in schools offering state of the art facilities and excellent resources. Dubai is one of the few cities in the world that has undergone such a rapid transformation  from a humble beginning as a pearldiving centre; to one of the fastest growing cities on earth. Dubai today is a tourism, trade and logistics hub and has earned itself the reputation of being the gateway between the east and the west. It is also considered as the dynamic nucleus of the Arabian Gulf region. Dubai is without a doubt a destination of the 21st century If you are an enthusiastic and experienced Science Teacher who wants to work in Dubai from September 2013 please send your CV to Jonathan Sammons or call **** (Apply online only) today