Title: Tutor/Assessor  Retail and Business Services
Webindex: 70577274
Company: Allstaff
Description: We have an exciting opportunity to work for a well established diverse client within the Welfare to Work sector. Our client is looking for a hardworking; learner led Retail and Business Services Learning Advisor/Assessor. Location: Covering South London and Kent Salary: ****  **** (Including bonus) My client is well established in the government funded training sector, specialising in; vocational qualifications, core skills and short courses. They have worked with a variety of prestigious clients including Bupa, National Rail and the NHS. They are committed to building and developing customer relationships whilst sustaining high levels of quality. Duties: Manage a caseload of given learners including visiting learners in the workplace on a regular basis. Work towards set targets to ensure a positive outcome for learners and actively promote the company to attract potential new learners. Work independently to prepare assessment plans for the learner visits to achieve optimum results. Deliver functional skills at level 1 Coach learners through suitable learning plans to achieve a portfolio of work. Accurately complete report and learner paperwork inline with company procedure. Build strong relationships with the internal Verifier to maintain good practice. To sign off completed units and to issue an in house certificate. Essential Requirements: A1 Award / D**** PTTLS or equivalent teaching qualification Experience assessing in Retail and Business Services; Team leading, Management, Customer Service, Business Administration for one year or more. Evidence of occupational competence within Retail and Business Services. Desirable: Experience of Eportfolio. Due to the high number of applications that we are currently receiving we will only be able to respond to successful candidates. If you have not heard from us within 7 days then please assume that you have not been selected on this occasion. We will keep your details on file and keep you informed of any other opportunities in the future