Title: Technical Consultant, BREEAM, Domestic Sector
Webindex: 71883116
Company: BRE GLOBAL
Description: BRE Global’s Sustainability Group is responsible for developing, maintaining and managing BREEAM, the world’s leading environmental standard for the assessment and certification of buildings. We currently have an exciting opportunity for a dedicated, highly knowledgeable and customer focused professional to develop their career at BRE as a key member of the team. The main responsibility of the successful candidate will be to support our government contract to manage the Code for Sustainable Homes Standard as well as provide supervisory technical support to Code users and specifiers. The duties and responsibilities of the role will include: Liaising with Government, assisting with developing the Code for Sustainable Homes standard Carrying out administrational duties in relation to the above Providing highly technical Code for Sustainable Homes advice, providing support to clients, assessors, design teams and other stakeholders and colleagues in a timely and professional manner. Develop and deliver training to new delegates on technical aspects relating to the Code for Sustainable Homes Ensuring all technical advice is consistent and delivered in accordance with our service level agreements, UKAS accredited procedures and technical and operational scheme requirements. Assisting business group managers with the development of new services and systems to ensure the efficient delivery of technical services to the required standards. Liaise with BRE Global’s customer services, technical and certification team managers to ensure delivery is maintained at agreed service levels. Provide technical support to the BREEAM quality assurance and certification process. Assist in the development and maintenance of BREEAM and Code for Sustainable Homes supporting knowledge base and scheme documentation. The role requires a professional with a keen eye for detail and extensive experience and knowledge of the design and procurement of buildings. Construction experience would be an advantage. As such the right candidate will have: Qualified as a Code for Sustainable Homes assessor, with a proven record of completed assessments A degree in architecture, building services, environment, civil engineering or related to. Knowledge and experience of the BREEAM assessment process and its technical requirements At least five years experience working within the UK construction industry on the design, procurement and/or construction or facilities management of buildings. Good understanding of Part L, renewables and SAP. A proven ability to review and interpret design/building related technical information and data. A proven ability to make sound judgements on, and offer technically accurate and timely responses to complex technical enquiries. Indepth technical knowledge of buildings and building regulations, the design and construction process, environmental impacts and ideally energy use in buildings. Excellent written/verbal communication and presentation skills. Be fully conversant with Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint. Membership to a professional institution (i.e. RIBA, RICS, IEMA, CIBSE) would be beneficial. With the projected growth in demand for meeting Code Level 4, combined with the business requirement to retain our current customer base, it is essential that the candidate is a team player who is prepared to come forward with ideas and suggestions to help improve our services. The successful candidate will be selfmotivated, enjoy working as part of a team with a friendly, professional and can do attitude. Due to our contract with DCLG, the candidate must have the ability to work to strict deadlines, be capable of interpreting legislative information, be prudent at recognising special case enquires and have the ability to respond to stakeholders in a positive and assertive manner.