Title: Biology Teachers required for Greater Manchester area ASAP
Webindex: 72132057
Company: ITN Mark Education   Manchester
Description: Biology Teachers required for Greater Manchester area ASAP ITN Mark Education are looking for Biology teachers who are keen to find day to day, short and long term work ASAP. We are looking for Biology teachers to teach across the Bolton, Salford, Burnage and Manchester City Centre locations. We are looking for exemplary teachers who will have the passion and commitment to really make a difference. As a successful candidate, you will be an outstanding teacher who is fully committed to student achievement. The Biology teachers that we are looking for will Have a QTS or be a NQT Have experience of teaching Key Stages **** and **** Enjoy working as part of a team and possess strong interpersonal skills to be able to communicate with students, parents and staff at all levels. Have excellent classroom management skills. ITN Mark Education can offer you One main point of contact. You'll have your own specialist consultant. Very competitive rates of pay. Consistently outstanding levels of customer service. Most of our consultants have been teachers themselves. For more information regarding this role then please call Danny on **** **** **** or email jobsitnmark.com ITN Mark Education was voted 'Best Public Sector Recruitment Agency' at The Recruiter Awards for Excellence 2011. We pride ourselves on high levels of candidate service. As an ITN Mark teacher you will benefit from experienced education consultants offering career guidance and support. ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. All candidates must hold the relevant qualifications and need to obtain a full CRB check. If you would like to be considered for this exciting opportunity, please apply with your CV. ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.