Title: Year Two Teaching Assistant
Webindex: 68686427
Company: Celsian Education
Description: Key Stage One Teaching Assistant Celsian Education are seeking a caring, committed, highly motivated, proactive and flexible person to join the team of an Inner City Birmingham based three form entry Primary school. The role will be working within a Year Two class and will be an ongoing assignment until the end of the academic year. The successful candidate will need to be confident at assessing pupils and happy to work alongside the class teacher. You will have ideally had previous experience in working alongside this year group and be familiar with the SATs process. You will be required to a provide a high level of academic support during lessons. The candidate will have at least an NVQ Level 3 qualification, good interpersonal skills, have the ability to work flexibly as part of a team, have proven experience of using own initiative, be skilled in behaviour management and have previous experience in working with pupils with SEN which would be an advantage The primary school is based very close to the city centre and has an extremely strong senior leadership tram. They are very supportive and believe that with a happy workforce they will get the best results. They do expect a level of professionalism from their staff and the supply will be required to taken on the full role of a teaching assistant including parent evenings and teacher training days. Celsian Education has been placing teachers and teaching assistants into jobs in schools since **** and operates throughout a network of offices across the UK enabling us to respond to your needs quickly and effectively. Celsian was one of the first agencies to be awarded the DfE Quality Mark, an essential guide to Quality and Professionalism. Applicants will be expected to undergo a facetoface interview, reference checks and an enhanced CRB disclosure. Celsian Education is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education. Celsian Education is a trading name of Carlisle Staffing plc. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/YearTwoTeachingAssistant_job****