Title: Supporting Teaching Learning Assessor  Essex
Webindex: 69004141
Company: JJ FOX
Description: Job Title: Supporting Teaching and Learning in Schools Assessor Essex Salary: **** p.a. plus mileage Skills: Assessing, Assessor, STL, STLS, STALIS, Supporting Teaching and Learning in Schools jjFOX are currently looking for an experienced Assessor in Essex who is competent to deliver the Supporting Teaching and Learning in Schools Apprenticeship. This is a full time permanent post covering Essex county. You will be based from home. You will be joining an excellent mediumsized training provider with a reputation in the area for high quality delivery and great staff retention. The company offer good career development opportunities, favourable working conditions, a friendly atmosphere and regular salary reviews. You will be managing a caseload of **** STLS Apprentices and you must be prepared to travel throughout Essex. As part of the apprenticeship framework you will also be required to support the learners with the functional skills element however support can be provided by the client if required. I require an individual who has occupational competence as either a Teaching Assistant, Classroom Assistant or Learning Support Assistant. You will be a qualified Assessor, holding the TAQA Award (or equivalent) and preferably a teaching certificate (minimum PTLLS). If you are confident you match the required criteria and would like to be considered for this post please contact Jon immediately. jjFOX is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff, applicants and clients to share this commitment. This role will involve work with under **** s or vulnerable adults. Any appointment will be made subject to strict vetting and screening checks and receipt of a satisfactory enhanced CRB check. jjFOX Limited acts as an Employment Agency (perm) and an Employment Business (temp/contract). Assessor, Assessing, QCF, Apprenticeships, STL, STLS, STALIS, Supporting Teaching and Learning in Schools, Classroom Assistant, Teaching Assistant, Learning Support Assistant