Title: Tutor (Numeracy)
Webindex: 71708153
Description: Our client is seeking an inspirational numeracy tutor to provide highquality numeracy training to young people on its Foundation Learning programme in Leeds. The successful candidate will motivate students to achieve high levels of numeracy, helping them to change their lives and access sustainable employment. In conjunction with the nonvocational team leader, you will plan the delivery of a weekly schedule of numeracy training for all young people on the programme, as well as supporting the registration and certification of students with awarding bodies. You will also oversee the design of an appropriate scheme of work and delivery session plans, as well as ensuring that learning resources are engaging, both in their design and the way they are used. In this role you will work closely with a literacy tutor and two additional learning support workers to ensure that all students receive a full package of functional skills support, regardless of prior achievements or learning difficulties. The starting salary will be dependent on qualifications. DBS check required. Our client's mission is to change lives and reduce crime. As the UK's largest crime reduction charity, they are determined to reduce the devastating effects crime has on individuals and communities. So they work with people before, while and after they are in trouble helping them to change their behaviour and using evidence based practice to do what works to reduce crime and offending. Each year our client helps more than **** people in over **** communities across England and Wales. By changing lives and reducing crime everyone benefits: the person in trouble, their victims and potential victims, and the wider community around them. If this role interests you and you would like more information and to apply please click on this link http://bit.ly/TysZIw You will also receive an email from us confirming this if you click apply to this advert, please make sure you check you also junk/ spam folder. Please apply at your earliest convenience as this position could close before the advert expiry date.Carlisle Managed Solutions is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.