Title: Research Executive / Research Analyst  London
Webindex: 69681572
Company: FRESHMINDS
Description: Research Executive / Analyst  London The Research Executive is the entry point on the career ladder into the FreshMinds Research team. It offers the opportunity to work and contribute on a wide range of market research within a practice area/sector which is constantly evolving and provides the opportunity to take on a high level of responsibility. Working within a small team, you will be exposed to all elements of the research project lifecycle, the account development and sales process as well as a variety of clients in order to enhance and develop technical abilities and expertise. We pride ourselves on working in a meritocratic environment and provide numerous developmental opportunities for our people. In this role, as you prove yourself, you could be given increasing ownership of projects; including people and project management. There is also scope for you to become progressively more clientfacing. Core Responsibilities Work with senior members of the research team to understand clients needs and define business problems and research needs. Conducts quantitative and qualitative analysis making recommendations to clients about how resulting information could be used. Supports more senior members in research in delivering quality deliverables, which lead to the building and maintaining of strong client relationships. What we re looking for The right candidates will have postuniversity experience where they will have developed strong commercial acumen as well as excellent organisational skills. You will be a confident selfstarter with an innovative approach to problem solving and an innate curiosity and enthusiasm for research. A strong communicator, you will be able to convey and interpret nonverbal messages and adapt style to suit differing situations. A strong candidate will have a ****:**** or above from a top university (ideally quantitative focused) and a minimum of 360 UCAS points from traditional Alevel subjects or overseas equivalents. You are likely to have had experience in the following roles or areas: Research Executive, Research Analyst, Senior Research Executive, Research Consultant, Marketing Research, Qualitative Research, Quantitative Research. About FreshMinds FreshMinds Research is an awardwinning research consultancy with a reputation for bespoke solutions to business questions that are immediately actionable within organisations. We combine expertise across the spectrum of quantitative and qualitative methodologies, with deep sector knowledge and collaborative project management and stakeholder engagement. Our clients include leading consumer and corporate brands across our specialist sectors: Automotive, Consumer Goods, Education, Gaming, Healthcare, Financial Services, Professional Services and Retail. All our work is strictly confidential, and this often includes mentioning client names. However, we are proud to be able to say that we work with: Burberry, eBay, General Mills brands, Jaguar Land Rover, and Nationwide. Ultimately, we believe that business questions are answered by people, over and above research. FreshMinds Research also won the Market Research Society's top award for Best Agency in **** and **** and the Best Place to Work in 2011. Unfortunately, due to the large number of applications we receive for this role, we are only able to get back to successful applicants.