Title: Nursery Nurse required for Primary School
Webindex: 69537734
Company: ACADEMICS LTD
Description: Small Friendly Primary School  Tower Hamlets Long Term Supply Earn **** to **** per day Good DLR and Tube Links Are you a LEVEL 3 QUALIFIED NURSERY NURSE with experience? Do you have a CRB Issued within the last 12 months? And are you able to start work immediately? I have an excellent position which has an immediate start at a fantastic small and friendly Primary School. The Head of the school is looking for someone to start within the Reception Class of the school. This is a new position for the school and you will have the chance to make it your own. The Head would like a dynamic and enthusiastic Nursery Nurse to work alongside the teacher and give additional support to the daily running of the room. The class can take up to 25 children full time with the additional support of a Breakfast Club should parents require it. If you would like to there will be an opportunity for you to work extra hours in the morning on a rota basis. Your role will be to communicate effectively with the teacher and parents, building strong professional relationships. You will have a small group of key children that you will plan and implement activities in line with the Early Years Foundation Stage. You will also follow planning and set up activities that the teacher has prepared. You must observe the children for extended learning and complete developmental reports. The school has a lovely atmosphere and all of the teachers know every child due to the small size classes. The children are calm and content and happily greet you as you walk around the school. The parents are very involved with the schools development and work with the head to fund raise and complete new school projects. The rooms are bright and comfortable with new furniture for the children as well as excellent resources and equipment. The Nursery Class operates a free flow system which has been recognised as 'working extremely well with excellent results'. The Reception Room is set out in an organised and effective way which enables the children to have access to all resources and equipment. This is a lovely school which can bring many opportunities, as it is a new position you can work with both the teacher and the Head of the school in developing the position and making it your own. If you feel you meet this criteria then please send me your CV now.