Title: Research, Development and Manufacturing Graduate Scheme
Webindex: 67393938
Company: TARGETJOBS.CO.UK
Description: Schlumberger are looking for exceptional graduates in engineering and applied sciences who are looking for responsibility and ready to embark on a journey of continuous training and development. Company description Schlumberger is the world s leading oilfield services provider, trusted to deliver superior results and improved exploration production performance for oil and gas companies around the world. We employ over **** people working in 80 countries. Knowledge, technical innovation and teamwork are at the centre of who we are. Technology innovation With **** research, engineering and manufacturing centres worldwide, we place strong emphasis on developing innovative technology that adds value for our customers. We invest more than $**** billion each year into R D. Research, Development Manufacturing It s your chance to share ideas, win patents, and make a real impact. You ll help develop the technologies that make everything we do possible. Required: Masters or Doctorate degree in engineering, computer science or applied sciences. Training and development Career development/progression As long as you have the passion for knowledge, you will find constant support from Schlumberger. You will start off with two weeks training on the petroleum industry, the company, and the health and safety codes. Over the next three years, you will attend training courses around the world to improve your knowledge of the technology and of the business. But training is not something that onlyhappens in the first couple of years after you join, but continues throughout your career. It is a process of ongoing learning. Imagine your future in four dimensions: over time, you have the flexibility to move between functions, technologies, and geographies. As your career progresses, we provide you with the training needed to continuously develop your skills to help you pursue further opportunities within Schlumberger. We promote from within based on merit, and, depending on your drive and performance, you can succeed quickly.