Title: Cover Supervisor required in a South Birmingham School ASAP
Webindex: 69747244
Company: TeacherActive
Description: A school based in the South Birmingham are looking for a Cover Supervisor to join their current cover team. This position is ideal for those wishing to gain more experience with in the classroom but are confident in themselves to lead a classroom, this is an ideal role for those looking to further their careers in the Education industry. You will be required to provide cover supervision for classes covering a wide variety of subjects taught at secondary level. Suitable candidates will have the following attributes:  Experience in a mainstream school whether as a teacher or higher level teaching assistant.  Ideally degree qualified.  Committed and enthusiastic attitude towards developing your educational career.  Strong presence with an approachable and supportive character.  A sound knowledge of the national curriculum at KS**** and KS**** level. As a member of the TeacherActive supply team you should expect to enjoy the following benefits:  Market leading daily rates of pay.  Ability to claim back expenses incurred through working.  Enhanced CRB Disclosure at discounted rates.  Years of experience and knowledge of the education industry.  Unrivalled service from a dedicated team of consultants.  An amazing referral scheme, with the opportunity. To apply, contact us now on (Apply online only); or email your CV to All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service  and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services