Title: Quality Assurer  Business & Commerce OR Health & Social Care
Webindex: 68703263
Company: Taylor Herrick Recruitment
Description: Are you a qualified Quality Assurer? Do you want to be a part of a small focused skills team, with great support with a winning “can do” culture? THE ROLE; Our client is a large national training provider with a successful history of delivering high quality QCF Single Units. They have ambitious growth aspirations for the future with an aim to ensure they are geared to respond to new business opportunities as seamlessly as possible. They seek an experienced and qualified Quality Assurer to work as a part of their engaging team, providing Single Units across the following sectors: • Business Commerce (Business Admin, Business Management, Hospitality, Retail,); • Health Social Care; You will support teams by regularly visiting Assessors in the field to observe assessment practice, the quality of the learner journey, provide support, feedback and development and share views of driving high standards and improving assessment practice. Quality Assurers also support Assessors with smart assessment solutions for more challenging learners, with the shared goal of a timely achievement. ABOUT YOU; You will possess the relevant qualifications and training as well as hold an occupational qualification. Proven experience in the delivery of Key Skills/Functional Skills support is required as is drive and enthusiasm to succeed and the ability to communicate effectively with a range of people both internally and externally. This provider's Internal Verifier to Assessor ratios vary dependant on sector and ability, with their foremost focus being on our learners, their progress, and their timely achievement. PROSPECTS OFFERED; You will be provided with all of the tools for you to do this successfully (Laptop with a dongle for remote connectivity, Mobile phone and Printer). The role also commands a competitive basic salary and travel package. If you can demonstrate a strong background as a Quality Assurer then please email your CV to amandathrecruit.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualityAssurerBusinessCommerceORHealthSocialCare_job****