Title: Air & Environment Consultant and Business Developer
Webindex: 71869193
Company: PREMIERE PEOPLE
Description: Air Environment Consultant and Business Developer Salary **** Harwell, Oxfordshire Company Information Our client is a global consulting firm that creates inspired solutions to the complex issues that affect our environment, climate and energy systems. Their solutions are underpinned by deep technical expertise, market leading knowledge management and innovative IT solutions. They work with governments and businesses worldwide to address the challenges that they face, helping to transform the way they work through the creation of profitable and sustainable solutions. Currently seeking a flexible, dynamic and adaptable individual who wants be part of an organisation working within the European Business Air and Environmental Quality Practice. Practice area: Protecting the air we breathe and the water we drink isn't easy, but our client has been helping governments and businesses to do just that for nearly four decades. Their leading scientists and consultants provide advice on policy underpinned by evidence delivered through measurement, modeling, exposure assessments. In recognition of our achievements and expertise, Our client has for many years managed the UK s National Air Quality Emissions Inventory, quality assured the UK s National Air Quality Monitoring Networks, delivered the UK s Regional and Continental Ozone Pollution assessments and operated the UK s National Air Pollution Forecasting Service. Role purpose: To provide consultancy support and identify and develop business within the private sector within the Air and Environmental Quality practice. The role will involve a healthy balance of consultancy and business development. Key competencies and experience: A sound up to date knowledge of the air and environmental quality landscape, preferably with a private sector slant, developed in either an industrial or consultancy environment. The ability to establish effective relationships with a broad range of private and public sector organisations through, direct sales and project delivery and in the development and management of partner and stakeholder relationships. The capacity to deliver air and environmental consultancy projects. Effective oral, presentation and written communication skills. Organised, effective and proactive team worker capable of supporting and developing peers and subordinates Key accountabilities: Specific requirements of the role will depend on business needs but will include: Project delivery. Identify and develop effective relationships with a broad range of customers, trade associations, industry groups, stakeholders and partners. Working closely with and supporting the sales team. This is a fastpaced and challenging environment offering you the opportunity to make your mark; you will have support from the wider business and the chance to shape your own career path across a wide range of future opportunities within the company. As an equal opportunities employer Premiere People welcomes applications from all sections of the community. To apply please contact: Luan Green MIRP CertRP Health, Safety Environmental Recruiter Premiere People T: **** E: luan.greenpremiereagency.com