Title: Nursery Room Supervisor  Oxford
Webindex: 67999062
Company: kidsunlimited
Description: kids unlimited has a reputation as leaders in top quality, progressive childcare. We are currently the 5th largest private daycare provider with over 60 nursery settings and an ever growing portfolio. Exclusive to staff and students of the University of Oxford, kids unlimited s nursery on Bradmore Road is within walking distance of the majority of the university sites and offers reduced rates for qualifying parents. We are able to use these surroundings to give children naturally, inspiring learning and play sessions. The nursery team has 60 years combined childcare experience which helped the nursery to secure a good rating in the latest Ofsted inspection report (with some outstanding elements). We are recruiting for a Room Supervisor. You will have a level 3 childcare qualification and knowledge of EYFS, have good communication skills and ideally experience of leading a team. The key duties of the Room Supervisor include: Leading, supporting and developing a team to meet the requirements of each child in line with the EYFS. To manage the daily activities within a specified room in the nursery Improve standards by implementing the outcomes and actions from care to care audits and Early Years visits Reviewing and monitoring all planning, observations and evaluations to ensure that these meet the needs of the individual child and the welfare requirements. Monitor the 'key person' process to meet the individual needs of each child Coach and support team members Induct new members of the team kids unlimited have many benefits in place for staff as well as the security of knowing that you're working for a growing, dynamic and successful business. You will be offered a competitive salary, contributory pension scheme and an opportunity to develop your career within a progressive and forwardthinking company. kids unlimited is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of all children in our care. We will ensure that safeguarding is of paramount concern to all employees and as a business we adopt and adhere to safe recruitment practices. Most roles within kids unlimited are subject to enhanced security checks with CRB/Disclosure Scotland disclosures applied for. To apply for our role, please click the Apply button below.