Title: Evaluation Advisor
Webindex: 71871548
Company: CARE QUALITY COMMISSION
Description: Evaluation Advisor **** London or **** National London or home based with regular travel Are you a skilled and motivated professional who can lead evaluation activities and support the development of evidence based policy and practice? If so, you could be instrumental to the creation of an evaluation culture here at CQC. The Care Quality Commission (CQC) is the independent regulator of all health and adult social care provided by the NHS, local authorities, private companies and voluntary organisations. Under the Health and Social Care Act, our remit has now been extended to include dentists and primary medical services including GPs and independent ambulances. This means we now regulate the services of some **** health and social care providers. By designing and developing a variety of high quality evaluation projects, you will help to embed a culture of evaluation across CQC. The goal is to improve our reputation as an open and evidencebased regulator and to deliver robust evidence of our impact, effectiveness and value for money. Your role will involve leading evaluation projects concerning our regulatory approach; providing specialist advice to the organisation; ensuring findings are analysed properly; and working with the Performance team to develop performance and impact measures. You will ensure that all evaluation activity is of the highest standard and that it reflects best practice. Crucially, you will also see that lessons are learned and lead to evidencebased decisionmaking. A skilled professional, you have worked in a similar role, designing qualitative/quantitative research, evaluation or audit activity that measures impact, effectiveness and value for money. You know how to develop evaluation methods and tools; manage sensitive information; deliver complex projects; and create successful business cases and proposals. You are also comfortable working with a range of stakeholders and able to provide expert advice and guidance. Experience in a health or social care environment would be ideal. However, it s your ability to deliver difficult messages to drive organisational change in a complex organisation that really counts. If you d like to join the CQC team, you can find out more and apply at www.cqc.org.uk Closing date: 1st February 2013.