Title: Early Years Foundation Stage CoOrdinator
Webindex: 71797782
Company: Edustaff
Description: Are you an experienced Early Years Foundation Stage coordinator or an experienced Foundation Stage Teacher who is ready for the step up into a phase leader role? Do you have inspirational leadership skills and a thorough knowledge of the Early Years Foundation Stage Curriculum? Are you an outstanding classroom practitioner who can lead by example setting the highest classroom standards possible? Foundation Stage CoOrdinator Outstanding Primary School in Greenwich September 2013 Start Excellent Foundation Stage Unit Experienced and Supportive Head Teacher An ‘Outstanding’ two form entry Primary School located in the South East London Borough of Greenwich would like to appoint an experienced and highly motivated Early Years Teacher. The successful applicant will have vision, energy, high standards and a commitment to raising and maintaining their Outstanding status. This ‘Outstanding’ school is in a deprived area yet has managed to achieve exceptional results and standards of literacy. There is a clear focus on rewarding positive behaviour and this is reflected in the calm and friendly atmosphere in lessons. The school advocates a holistic approach to looking after the needs of the whole child, the family and the local community. The school can offer bright and attractive early years setting with outstanding resources excellent free flow facilities to the indoor and outdoor classrooms. They have fantastic resources and use IT, Art, History and Science to promote literacy across phase. The school even has their own resident artist who has inspired many projects, displays and literacy drives throughout the year groups. In essence this is the ideal role for an Outstanding Teacher who wants to demonstrate their leadership potential in an Outstanding academic environment. You will be given guidance and support by an ambitious Head Teacher who will help you to deliver an Outstanding EYFS curriculum. To apply for this post please email your CV to Andrew at Edustaff today.