Title: KS**** PPA Booster Teacher
Webindex: 70761402
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Are you an experienced Key Stage 2 Teacher available for the remainder of the academic year and seeking a unique PPA and Booster Teacher role working across years ****  PPA Year **** Camden location Brilliant Head Teacher in place 2 minute walk to local tube station Full time post Immediate start Fixed term School Contract MPS/UPS Inner London This is an ideal role for an experienced KS2 Teacher looking for a PPA/Booster post within an outstanding and reputable school. The position will see you mainly work closely with pupils across the year **** aiming to raise attainment and support those of lower ability. Applicants MUST have previous SATS experience coupled with a personable and engaging character. Leading the school is a fantastic head teacher who is focused on finding an experienced and versatile Primary Teacher who can join the team immediately. In your role; you will be asked to take planned cover, during which time your colleagues will be released for an hour to undergo CPD and PPA. Due to your post being full time and an important focus within the school, you will be asked to plan and prepare for your own classes and be timetabled your own PPA time. The school is large with a diverse catchment and wide range of EAL  Applicants need to be flexible and able to work independently due to the nature of both the school and role available. Staff here work hard and as a cohesive team within this inner city school. With clear direction and consistent support from the SLT, you will become part of an effective teaching team who have worked hard to raise standards in teaching and learning. The school is located a stones throw from various transport links in the borough of Camden, the school is very easily accessed from all corners. Public transport would be recommended due to the schools location within the very heart of the city. If this is the post you have been looking for and feel your skills and experience would suit such a position, please email your CV and cover letter ASAP for consideration