Title: English Teacher needed in Rochdale
Webindex: 68352596
Company: Tradewind Recruitment
Description: Tradewind is currently looking to appoint an English teacher to start at the February 201**** halfterm break. The role is to cover a teacher a maternity leave and is a wonderful chance to join a supportive team within a lively school until the end of the academic year. The school is located in Rochdale and is wellpositioned and connected with fantastic public transport links. The school has a friendly and welcoming atmosphere and are looking for a confident, enthusiastic teacher who can help the students to achieve their best, while enjoying their learning. The ideal candidate will have a passion for teaching Key Stage 3 and **** English and a strong knowledge the UK curriculum. The ideal candidate will be able to differentiate in order to present students with challenging activities no matter their skill level or ability. The successful candidate will need to be qualified with a PGCE, GTP, Bachelor of Education, or equivalent if an overseas trained teacher. Interviews are taking place, so please do not hesitate in submitting your CV for immediate consideration. If you are interested in this role or any other roles in Greater Manchester, then please apply today. All applicants must have a degree from a reputable institution and QTS. If you’re interested in this position or other teaching jobs in Manchester please apply today to avoid disappointment. Both NQTs and experienced teachers are encouraged to join Tradewind as we offer: •CPD related to the new OFSTED frameworks •A professional and honest service where many of the consultants are trained teachers •Great rates of pay APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: •You must have the legal right to work in the UK •You must hold QTS or a UK recognised equivalent teaching qualification •This position is subject to an Enhanced CRB Disclosure, Overseas Police Clearances (if applicable) and professional reference checks •Your CV must cover the last 10 years of employment history where possible and any employment breaks must be explained DISCLAIMER 'No terminology in the above advertisement is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Tradewind Recruitment is proud to be an Equal Opportunities Employer and accepts applications from all sections of the community.’