Title: Key Stage **** Coordinator
Webindex: 69007158
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: A charming Church of England Primary School located in South London are seeking a talented and experienced Key Stage **** Coordinator for September 2013 Are you an experienced and dedicated Key Stage 1 Teacher that has gone as far as you can go in your current role and are now looking for a position with additional responsibility? Are you a good to outstanding Key Stage 1 Teacher that is ready to take on a phase leadership role? Do you want to work in a school that has had the same Head Teacher for over **** years that has made drastic improvements and always strives to provide the best quality teaching? Key Stage 1 Coordinator Permanent Post Church of England Ofsted Good School MPS/UPS TLR Borough of Lambeth Become part of the SLT My client school is situated in the London Borough of Lambeth and is within easy commuting distance from the Victoria line as well as being located on various main bus routes. The pupils come from a variety of backgrounds and statistically the school caters for an area of high social deprivation, the levels of free school meals entitlement and the amount of EAL pupils are set at just above average, however the behaviour of the children is generally good and so is the their attitudes towards education. Guided by the Head Teacher s values and ambitions for the school, its reputation in the community and outcomes for pupils have improved since the last inspection. Teaching has improved to consistently good levels, resulting in pupils making good progress through the school and achieving great results across the Key Stages. What the school is looking for is an experienced Key Stage 1 Teacher who has a strong leadership qualities and skills who is looking for that next logical step in their career. You will also need to demonstrate the ability to be able to deliver lessons in the most creative and inspiring ways that will stimulate and engage your pupil s minds. Does this sound like the opportunity you have been waiting for? If you are an aspiring Key Stage 1 Coordinator looking for a fresh and exciting challenge then get in touch today The Head Teacher is extremely organised and would like to appoint a suitably qualified and experienced Key Stage 1 Coordinator ASAP so if you are interested in this fantastic opportunity Get in touch Email your CV and covering letter in to Nikki at Edustaff