Title: Graduate Maths Teaching Assistant
Webindex: 69144068
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: Are you a Maths Graduate with a 1st class or ****:1 honours degree? Do you want to become a Maths Teacher? Would you like to work as a Teaching Assistant in a top Coventry Secondary School, which will support and boost your PGCE application? Sound interesting? Like what you’ve heard? Please read on……. Teaching Assistant – Maths Graduate Coventry Full time, long term Immediate start **** per day ’Outstanding’ Ofsted 2012 Secondary School 93% AC pass at GCSE Ideal post for PGCE candidates Supportive Head of Department and Headteacher Based in the North of Coventry, this large client Secondary School is seeking to appoint an outstanding Maths Graduate to the role of Teaching Assistant. The role is to start immediately and will be full time, long term and due to finish in August 2013.This is an ideal position for a Maths Graduate looking to gain and cement some experience before your PGCE course next year. The school is fantastically located to the North of the city and has excellent bus links, and is a short walk from the train station, of which goes in several directions, making it extremely easy to commute to. However, should you drive; the successful Teaching Assistant will be offered onsite car parking. In your role as a Teaching Assistant, you will be solely supporting within the Maths Department with a focus on driving forward Numeracy across Key Stage **** **** & **** As the successful Teaching Assistant you will be required to work closely with pupils on a 1:1 basis, supporting them in aspects of their class work, whilst also working in small groups of pupils. You will be offering tips & techniques on how to better develop their understanding on Maths and ultimately making it fun and enjoyable, whilst maturing attainment levels. You should be committed to your role as a Teaching Assistant in education, passionate about Maths and keen to help others discover the joy of Maths. With Maths at the forefront of the schools ambitious development plans, the school are keen to appoint an outstanding Maths Graduate to work with this fantastic department. As the successful Teaching Assistant, you will be supported throughout your role, and enrolled on a training programme which will help you develop your skills and confirm you as being a fantastic Teaching Assistant. The school recently posted an Ofsted grading of ‘Outstanding’ in 2012, with exam results that saw them placed within the top 10% of schools nationally for progress in students’ academic results, with the Maths Department being at the forefront of this. This is a brilliant opportunity to work at an ‘Outstanding’ School and one not to be missed. To apply for this role please email a copy of your CV and covering letter to Alfie at Edustaff today, to avoid disappointment. Please note, only successful candidates will be contacted.