Title: Year **** Primary Teacher  Great Barr
Webindex: 71772509
Company: ITN Mark Education Birmingham
Description: Key Stage **** ITN Mark Education would like to welcome a primary school teacher to apply for this Year 1 teacher vacancy in the Great Barr area of Birmingham. This is a good school where pupils achieve well and leave well prepared for the future. They build well on their excellent start in the nursery and reception classes so that, by Year **** they reach standards that are above average in reading, writing and mathematics. The many pupils with English as an additional language do well because of the good support they have from all staff. They are supported well by skilled teaching and support staff and are given every opportunity to be involved and fully included in all school activities. Parents of pupils in the resource base for those with physical difficulties sing the praises of all the school staff because their children do so well in all aspects of their development. We are looking for a primary teacher to maintain a high standard of teaching in Year 1. You will need to be imaginative and perceptive in your teaching approach and have superb rapport building skills. Successful Primary Teachers must have:  QTS & eligibility to work within the UK  Promote equal opportunities in the classroom  Extensive subject knowledge  Think and plan strategically  Commitment to learning and development of pupils  Teach at a consistently good and outstanding level  Have strong interpersonal skills to effectively communicate with staff, parents and students  Experienced primary teachers and NQTs welcome Benefits of working through ITN Mark Education:  Primary teachers paid up to main scale  Continued professional development for primary teachers  Work in local Primary Schools  Weekly pay for primary teachers  Refer a friend to ITN Mark (must have worked for 25 days) and receive **** worth of capital bond vouchers. As DfE Quality Mark holders, ITN Mark Education requires all primary teachers to have a fully enhanced CRB check, minimum of two references plus a face to face interview. If you are driven, motivated and aim to enhance the educational experience of the children that you work with, please contact Stuart Beer on [contact details removed] or send your CV to [contact details removed] .ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.