Title: Teacher of Mathematics
Webindex: 67081704
Company: Capita Education Resourcing Permanent Team
Description: Job: Teacher of Mathematics School: St Mark's West Essex Catholic School, Harlow, Essex Salary: MPS/UPS (Including London Fringe Allowance) Start date: April 2013 or Sooner The governors of St Mark's West Essex Catholic School in Harlow in Essex are seeking to appoint a Teacher of Mathematics commencing in April 2013 or sooner. The successful candidate will be a highly motivated and enthusiastic professional and an excellent classroom practitioner. This is an opportunity to join us at an exciting period in the development of the department. St Mark's is a successful, wellordered and caring Catholic school for boys and girls aged from eleven to eighteen. We are committed to the highest level of achievement for pupils of all abilities and we recognise that there are no limits to a child's potential. Our aim is simple; to facilitate academic and personal success in a rigorous learning community and in a culture which embraces the Gospel values of  serving others, tolerance, trust, respect, prayer and forgiveness. Our greatest resource is our team of wellqualified, dedicated staff who work creatively and professionally to give every student the chance to flourish and achieve our goals of academic excellence and personal success. Required Qualifications, Skills and Experience:  Qualified Teacher Status (QTS)  Specialism and passion for Mathematics  Excellent teaching skills  Ability to inspire students  Ability to teach Mathematics across the **** age range  Excellent interpersonal skills This job is suitable for NQTs and more experienced teachers. Regular and ongoing training is organised. Closing date: ASAP Interview date: To be confirmed For more information and to apply please contact Tarja Aila at our partner Capita Education Resourcing or call Tarja on **** **** **** and have a look at our recruitment website http://stmarksschoolessex.co.uk/Home Safeguarding: St Mark's West Essex Catholic School are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. Appointments are subject to satisfactory medical and enhanced CRB clearance and references.