Title: Assessor  Crown Prosecution Service ( Fixed Term Full Time Until Feb 2014)
Webindex: 68609341
Company: The Intraining Group Limited
Description: To engage and work with learners on work based learning programmes, operating within budget in a given region ensuring all qualifications delivered meet both the funding agency and the company standard in assessment and internal verification. Key Accountabilities: Managing a caseload of learners within your region ensuring progression of their chosen work based learning qualification. Ensure all learners allocated are visited regularly as per their agreed programmes and funding contract requirements. Monitor learner s progression and ensure assessment is completed to enable learners to meet achievement targets for all parts of their programme on time. Maintain learner records accurately. Undertake preplacement and start up visits inline with agreed procedures and ensure learners are live on database. Undertake assessment and review in line with agreed and documented standards, system and strategy. Implement any improvements identified as a result of performance reviews and internal verification (IV) sampling. Undertake IV duties where required. Engage employers in all learner reviews and promote a positive image of the company Work with Delivery Manager and Employer Engagement Consultants to maintain learner numbers. Promote and monitor equality of opportunity and safe working practices as defined by Intraining policies. Attendance at regional meetings and training as required. The following are Standard responsibilities for all positions within Intraining: Participate in any staff review/performance management processes involving the identifying and meeting of training needs for self and others. Take appropriate responsibility to ensure the health and safety of self and others. Pursue the achievement and integration of equal opportunities throughout all activities. Undertake any other tasks and responsibilities appropriate to the level of this post. Comply with all Intraining s policies and procedures at all times Intraining is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff to share and promote this commitment. Key Requirements: Assessor Award (unless otherwise stated) Knowledge of work based learning funding and framework requirements and NVQ assessment requirements Proven competence in at the occupational area relevant to the role Drive and determination to achieve objectives and targets Commitment to quality and customers Proven track record of commercial awareness and business acumen Excellent interpersonal skills to be able to engage with colleagues and learners Excellent communication skills verbal and written Planning and organising own caseload and diary unsupervised Able to meet and exceed retention and achievement targets for qualifications and frameworks The ability to grow and maintain learner numbers in line with budget and business development targets for the region. IT Skills Word and Excel Current full driving license