Title: Newly Qualified Primary School Teacher
Webindex: 69007051
Company: Edustaff  Ltd
Description: Are you a Primary NQT that will be coming to the end of your PGCE, Schools Direct or TeachFirst course this summer? Are you looking to secure your first position as a newly qualified Primary School Teacher in Warwick? Are you a driven and enthusiastic Primary NQT excited about your first full time position in teaching? If this sounds like you then then maybe my client school is just what you re looking for. Primary NQT September 20****3 Start MPS/UPS Pay scale Warwick Key Stage 1 Teacher (Year 1) Needs to be a strong and personable character Excellent transport links MUST be graded Good Outstanding Excellent leadership team and support in place My client s school is based in the beautiful town of Warwick. This small Primary school requires a professional, ambitious and caring Primary NQT to join them from this September on a permanent contract. The school, a one form entry, is dedicated to providing a warm and safe environment ensuring all pupils are in an environment conducive to learning and developing, both academically and personally. Under the guidance of an inspiring head teacher the school continues to improve on what is already an outstanding record of pupil attainment. Because of this it is essential that applicants combine academic excellence with an engaging personality. As a Primary NQT, starting your first full time role, it is essential for your success that you are well supported. This school has the structure and leadership team that will ensure your career and professional development are continually monitored and supported. This support should help you become an outstanding Primary school teacher. The head teacher is keen to appoint an NQT with a passion to teach Key Stage 1. The successful applicant needs to engage children of all abilities with the ability to inspire a love for learning. Pupils are generally well behaved and really enjoying coming to work. If you re committed to making your mark as a Primary school teacher, in a good school, and have the drive and motivation to really make a difference, then please send a copy of your CV to Patrick at Edustaff