Title: Academy Manager Birmingham
Webindex: 69995088
Company: Aspire, Achieve, Advance Limited
Description: Aspire Achieve Advance Ltd (3As) is a training provider specialising in the delivery of apprenticeship programmes across the country. We aim to provide the next generation of high quality IT Support Technicians and Accountants to feed the demand for qualified professionals through the delivery of high quality, Level 3, training and professional qualifications. Working in partnership with Further Education colleges 3As has become the provider of choice for many of the UK leading businesses. In line with our growth plan we are now actively seeking an Academy Manager for our Academy in Birmingham. The Academy Manager has two key objectives: (****) to deliver learning excellence (****) to generate job opportunities. Therefore we welcome applications from individuals with experience in Education Recruitment with a sound track record in Education Management/Business to Business sales. As the Academy Manager you will have responsibility for managing the team and the apprentices at the designated site. You will be responsible for ensuring the apprentices complete the apprenticeship framework and that work within the academy is carried out to the standards set by the programme. You will be required to monitor the progress within your academy against set KPIs and financial targets and deal with any issues that arise. You will also act as the designated contact with the partner college. This position brings a high level of responsibility, and as such we are seeking experienced professionals with a background in the FE sector/funded programmes and Business to Business sales experience. In addition to a proven ability to manage a successful team. we are looking for an enthusiastic and dedicated individual, with the ability to relate well to **** year olds. Excellent organisation, administration and communication skills are required and you must have a full, clean driving licence. There is also a requirement to pass an Enhanced CRB check. If you feel you have the skills required for this exciting and challenging role please email your CV along with a cover letter detailing your skills and experience to recruitment3aaa.co.uk Aspire Achieve Advance Ltd is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AcademyManagerBirmingham_job****