Title: Nursery Nurse / Practitioner and Room Leader
Webindex: 71295141
Company: Phoenix Personnel
Description: My client is looking for an enthusiastic Nursery Nurse and a Room Leader for their nursery in Tytherington. The successful candidates must be qualified to a minimum of NVQ Level 3 in Childcare (or equivalent) with a minimum of a years experience working in a nursery environment for the Room Leader role. You will be passionate about Childcare and demonstrate positive attitude to fit in the team within this friendly and professional nursery. As a Nursery Nurse you must be passion about providing first class childcare and demonstrate a positive attitude. You will enjoy working with children and working in partnership with their parents and the rest of the nursery team. You should also have had experience of following and implementing policies and procedures set out within a Nursery setting . Ideally you will also hold a current clean CRB certificate. Salary circa **** As a Room Leader your responsibilities will additionally include: Responsibility for providing the highest level of care for every child within the Room. Ensuring that each child is treated as an individual and that their development needs are met on an ongoing basis. To ensure that the room/unit operates effectively referring issues to the nursery environment promotes and upholds equal opportunity policies through diverse activities and positive language. Accountabilities To provide a positive attitude and leadership within the room, motivating and inspiring a small team. To communicate effectively with the nursery staff, the nursery manager and the parents to ensure that everyone is kept informed on developments within the room Ensuring that all policies, procedures and working practices are adhered to and the nursery standards of care and development are continually delivered qualifications, training and experience required: Ideally you will have previous Room Leading experience, though experienced Nursery Nurses looking for a step up will be considered. Salary circa **** For both roles you must be familiar with the EYFS Curriculum For more information please forward your CV to Wendy at Phoenix Personnel asap specialists in Early Years Childcare