Title: English Teaching Assistant
Webindex: 62112854
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: Are you a University Graduate with a ****:1 or 1st class honours degree in English? Are you looking to pursue a career as a Secondary English Teacher? Would you like to gain experience in schools as a Teaching Assistant, to support your PGCE applicant for an English teacher PGCE next year? Would you like to work as a Teaching Assistant at a ?Good? Ofsted ****011 Secondary School in Coventry? This may be the job for you? English Teaching Assistant Immediate Start Full time & Long Term ? Until August 2013 Coventry ?Good? Ofsted 2011 Secondary School 76% AC at GCSE Excellent opportunity to gain classroom based experience Based within the LEA of Coventry just a **** minute drive from the city centre, this **** client Secondary School are seeking to appoint a top English Graduate, for the role of a Teaching Assistant to support in their English Department. This role is a full time, **** day a week post and will require the successful Teaching Assistant to support pupils both in small/large groups and on a **** basis. You should have excellent English skills, an A in English at Alevel and a 2:1 degree or higher in an English degree subject. In your role as a Teaching Assistant, you will be required to work with pupils who require extra support to reach targeted attainment levels and should be confident in your own abilities and able to use your own initiative when required. The school?s last Ofsted report in 2011 graded them as ?Good? and praised the overall effectiveness of the school. Exam results have recently been excellent, with the school with the school posting some of the Highest Value Added scores in Coventry. The Head Teacher has a clear vision and ambition for the school to keep developing and establishing itself as a centre of excellence. The school plays an important role in community cohesion at all levels, and possesses a multicultural diversity throughout. This Teaching Assistant role is ideal for an English Graduate, who is looking to gain experience in schools prior to starting a PGCE course next year. As the successful Teaching Assistant, you will be provided with an insight into the day to day running of an exceptional school, which possesses a committed and passionate teaching staff. The school provide a supportive and inclusive environment and you will be given every opportunity to test and develop your skills within an environment of excellence. If you are interested in this outstanding opportunity, please email a copy of your CV to Alfie at Edustaff today to avoid disappointment. Please note, only successful candidates will be contacted.