Title: Programmes Coordinator
Webindex: 72540003
Company: The Futureworks
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION & PERSON SPECIFICATION Post Title: Client Programmes Coordinator Salary Range:**** per annum Mode: Full time To manage all tasks and activity associated with solutions delivery to all clients. To lead and manage the administration support for Clients, Client Directors and their teams and monitor actual solutions delivery against planned delivery, resourcing, scheduling and budgeting. The post holder will work closely with clientfacing staff and clients and report to the Client Director for client related issues and the Services Manager for systems, support and pastoral issues. Responsibilities To support the Client Director in managing, coordinating and overseeing programme delivery activity of all allocated customer accounts & projects including accredited and nonaccredited programmes To review & monitor progress and coordinate all allocated client activity in a timely and efficient manner. To manage the provision of outstanding customer service to internal and external customers through the programme support team. To review and manage the associated client budget identifying challenges, issues and opportunities in a timely manner with appropriate staff. To work in conjunction with Business Services management and Client facing staff to plan and allocate resources to meet requirements of solutions delivery and client contracts. To work with staff, including Registry to ensure academic and QA requirements are met and resources are planned and allocated to meet requirements of solutions delivery and client contracts. Produce, manage and track all development work/proposals/contracts/programme design work associated with allocated clients. To organise, upload and update learning related data in Virtual Learning Environments. To contribute to and provide data, statistics and other management information including financial and performance data, monitoring spend against client budgets as defined by implementation plans and client contracts or as and when required. To identify, manage and/or reports risks as required. To design, contribute to and support the development of operational processes and delivery methodologies and regularly review these to enable continuous improvement. To handle confidential and commercially sensitive information with discretion. To manage or support other client facing activity such as event management, presentations, pitches & materials produced. To lead on management responsibilities with allocated staff. To comply with all organisations behaviours/general duties. Other Responsibilities Carry out all duties in accordance with the organisations Equal Opportunities Policy and other policies designed to protect members of staff from harassment. The individual should also counteract such practice or behaviour by challenging or reporting it. Take all reasonable care of the health and safety of yourself, other people and resources Whilst at work, to comply with the organisations Health and Safety Policy, Codes of Practice and local rules and regulations. Reports To: Services Manager Indirect: Client Director Reporting Staff: Client Administrators REQUIREMENTS Education Degree or equivalent demonstrable experience Professional/technical knowledge/skills Excellent working knowledge of MS Office Budget management Experience Staff management and development Coordinating activities to achieve a required outcome Build and foster relationships with a internal and external customers Development of new processes Planning and attention to detail Good presentation skills Able to influence and motivate others to achieve business goals Ability to approach issues positively, seeking appropriate solutions Ability to prioritise and manage own workload (and that of others), work to operating plans, meet deadlines and monitor outcomes Ability to communicate verbally and in writing at all levels internally and externally Excellent customer care skills Willing to travel if required Ability to work flexibly to meet the needs of the business Use of own car for business travel if required, and / or access to public transport