Title: Primary Teaching Assistant  Rochdale
Webindex: 68696238
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: Capita Education Resourcing requires a Level 3 Teaching Assistant for a wonderful School in the Rochdale area. Individuals will be joining a well developed educational team 5 days a week, with the possibility to become a more permanent member. The children in the School have various Special Educational Needs, so you must be confident in assisting children who need extra support. Individuals will be responsible for assisting the teacher in delivering the curriculum, as well as working with small groups of children. Individuals will need to be Level 3 qualified as a minimum and desirably will be TeamTeach qualified. Successful applicants will be joining an outstanding school environment with highly motivated staff and children. The children, staff, parents and governors work in unison to give the students the best possible education relating to all aspects of their leaning. The school values individuality and encourages the children to work together in a warm and friendly environment. This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its' exceptional team initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita is looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school settings and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even if it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated SEN Consultant  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  Wonderful facilities Capita Education Resourcing has selected Key Portfolio to provide an Umbrella Company service for its candidates. By becoming an employee of the Umbrella Company, you are entitled to treat legitimate business expenses such as train and bus fares, stationery and CRB fees as allowable against income tax. This guarantees that you will always receive an increase in your takehome pay compared to PAYE. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. Please contact Phil at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** **** or email phil.sweetingcapita.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrimaryTeachingAssistantRochdale_job****