Title: Year 3 Teacher Required ASAP Queens Park
Webindex: 69248955
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: A lovely school of mine serves a vibrant and exciting local community. Their children are eager, enthusiastic and energetic. Are you? They are working hard to make a difference to people's lives. In order to make a greater impact we have recently extended our school to another site and need like minded teachers to join our dynamic team. If your career needs refreshing and you're not afraid of transformation then this could be the job for you You need to be: An excellent primary school practitioner committed to the personal and social aspects of a child's development creative and innovative keen to receive training and develop your expertise ready for a challenge' Learning for life' is their motto. We are on the fas track to school improvement and gathering momentum with an increasing number of children on roll. Therefore, you will need a minimum of two years' experience. Do you have the qualities and skills required to ensure that all their children succeed at the school and beyond? If you are technically minded and love ICT, we would especially welcome your application (TLR 2A may be available) We welcome and encourage visits to the school from prospective candidates. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a **** week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.