Title: Deputy Nursery Manager  Mansion House
Webindex: 70604240
Company: kidsunlimited
Description: kids unlimited has a reputation as leaders in top quality, progressive childcare. We are currently the 5th largest private daycare provider with over 60 nursery settings and an ever growing portfolio. kids unlimited are looking for a Deputy Manager at our new Mansion House nursery in Oxford. Exclusive to staff and students of the University of Oxford, kids unlimited s nursery in Summertown, Oxford is located close to A**** and A**** ring roads, making it a perfect location for parents living in the local area or those who commute. It boasts a fantastic outside area including an adventure playground and also has use of the University s nearby fields. The enthusiastic and highly professional team helped the nursery secure a good rating in the latest Ofsted inspection report. You will be responsible in assisting and supporting the Nursery Manager and team in the development of the Nursery and implement the highest standards of childcare in line with the EYFS. You will assist in all aspects of the nursery including staff management, parent partnerships, quality assurance and commercial opportunities. The key duties of the Deputy Manager include; To deputise for the Nursery Manager, in the event of them being absent from nursery. To ensure delivery of the highest quality childcare for all children across the nursery. To work towards achieving agreed targets, in terms of occupancy and budget in order to guarantee commercial success. To lead by example, to challenge and support staff to realise and achieve their full potential. To maintain the operational required standards in regards to our Core Curriculum on offer. Key attributes of the Deputy Manager include; Room Supervisor who is now ready to make the step up Childcare qualification : minimum Level 3 qualification or equivalent At least two years post qualification experience Thorough understanding of the EYFS process and requirements with a real enthusiasm to ensure this is ongoing throughout the nursery on a day to day basis Experience of budget management including profit and loss This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced childcare practitioner to take the next step towards management. kids unlimited have many benefits in place for staff as well as the security of knowing that you're working for a growing, dynamic and successful business. You will be offered a competitive salary, contributory pension scheme and an opportunity to develop your career within a progressive and forwardthinking company. kids unlimited is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of all children in our care. We will ensure that safeguarding is of paramount concern to all employees and as a business we adopt and adhere to safe recruitment practices. Most roles within kidsunlimited are subject to enhanced security checks with CRB/Disclosure Scotland disclosures applied for. To apply for our Deputy Manager role, please click the Apply button below.