Title: Director of Childcare Services
Webindex: 67005731
Company: Fennies Day Nurseries Ltd
Description: Established, expanding Nursery Group Fennies , seek a dynamic and experienced professional as their Director of Childcare Services. The Director will maintain the highest quality childcare standards, promote good practice and establish quality relationships with external providers Fennies Day Nurseries have been providing quality childcare to the Croydon and Beckenham area for 20 years. Our vision has always been the same  to create a happy, stimulating environment with the aim of helping each child meet their social, emotional and developmental needs. In short, the right place for the right start. With 20 years of experience, the group is now expanding, leading to the requirement of this exciting new role. This is an ideal opportunity for an established professional with a proven track record of delivering a high standard of childcare management and training at senior level; who is now looking for a new challenge and looking to make a difference within a small but growing group of nurseries. The Role; Reporting to the Board, you will be responsible for the quality practice across all Nursery Settings. Although working in partnership with the Nursery Managers, you will ultimately sit on the Senior Management team. You will ensure that our high standards of childcare meet and exceed the expectations and requirements within the EYFS framework and those standards set by OFSTED are achieved and policies implemented. You will evaluate on an ongoing basis the training levels and ability of the Nursery Practitioners and also the Nursery Managers; reporting back to the Directors on recommendations for improvement and your plans to deliver. You will strive to take the settings to, and maintain them at Outstanding . You will support and deliver the Foundation Stage curriculum, by developing the best early years educators and practitioners through handson training. You will manage the Fennies Apprenticeship Scheme, by working with the National Apprenticeship Service and the external training provider. You will develop and maintain quality relationships with external providers such as OFSTED and Early Years. The Person; You will already have held, or be holding a similar position, be confident challenging and making decisions at senior level, with a strong business acumen. You will hold an EYPS or BA Hons in Early Years and have worked as an EY Trainer, Assessor or Inspector in some capacity. Previous experience as a nursery manager is also an advantage. You will be dynamic, motivational, inspiring and passionate about raising the standards of childcare; leading from the front but being handson. The position is based flexibly across all **** current nursery settings and any future settings. Applicants must drive and be reasonably local to the Croydon and Beckenham areas. This is a Full Time role. Fennies Day Nurseries Ltd is an equal opportunities employer. We value the skills and perspectives that a diverse and representative workforce bring to us and recognise that this will enable us to meet our objectives. For further information and to apply online please click on the Apply Now button