Title: Assistant SEN Coordinator required
Webindex: 69007048
Company: Academics Ltd
Description: Are you an experienced SEN Coordinator seeking a permanent position for February start? Do you have the tenacity and personality to work within a challenging High school environment?  Secondary Assistant SENCO required  Westminster based Secondary School ? Central London  Long term post / Permanent ?February 2013 start  Looking for an outstanding & experienced individual This centrally based secondary school have been seeking a strong and resilient individual to take on the role of an Assistant SEN Coordinator (SENCO) to assist with the running of the SEN provision. With a February start or before, the school would be keen to interview immediately. You will be interviewed by the Head teacher and the SEN Coordinator who are seeking the best. Located within the London borough of Westminster very close to the tube, the ideal candidate for this SEN coordinator (SENCO) role should live within a realistic commute and possess the personality attributes to make the role their own. You need to have experience as a Secondary Assistant SEN coordinator (SENCO) coupled with enthusiasm and energy to take on this new role The school is currently going through a number of physical changes with new buildings being erected and resources updated. With around **** pupils on role, this is not an overly large secondary school, but does possess a diverse range of pupils across SEN and abilities in literacy and numeracy. The successful candidate will be expected to grow the current department working with the current SEN staff. You will be working closely with external agencies as well as being involved with the schools outreach program, aiding other nearby schools and their behavior management. You will be working alongside a solid SENCO and support team, who are settled and offer a wealth of knowledge and experience within this environment. In order to be considered and potentially successful, you need to show a strong track record of running and improving the SEN provision within your previous schools. This post is for a focused and determined Assistant SENCO. If you are seeking a role that will give you a challenge and as a result provide you with job satisfaction please do apply today. Please email me a full up to date CV with your experience and knowledge clearly highlighted. If you have a strict notice period please do highlight that on your full cover letter