Title: Aircraft Maintenance Instructor
Webindex: 70761286
Company: JJ FOX
Description: I am currently working with an international training provider who has fast established a reputation for delivering high quality aircraft maintenance training. They are a well known for working with some of the world leading airlines, helicopter operators, original equipment manufacturers, maintenance organisations and armed forces. They deliver a wide range of EASA Part**** aircraft maintenance training courses and are currently recruiting for both permanent and temporary roles for full and part time hours. This post will require you to stay overseas for weeks at a time when necessary. My Client has an impressive record of success and has state of the art training facilities for students and Instructors. They have reputable clients across Europe, America and Australia and they are looking for experienced Aircraft Maintenance Trainers and Instructors to join their team. My client is looking for B1 and B**** Instructors with the following Qualifications and Experience: Degree qualification in a relevant subject Teaching qualification Highly experienced Aircraft Engineer Willing to travel worldwide Relevant industrial experience in aeronautical / aircraft maintenance The closing date for this position is Friday 11th January 2013. Please contact Alisha at jjFOX to apply for this post or for further details. jjFOX is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff, applicants and clients to share this commitment. This role will involve work with under **** s or vulnerable adults. Any appointment will be made subject to strict vetting and screening checks and receipt of a satisfactory enhanced CRB check. jjFOX Limited acts as an Employment Agency (perm) and an Employment Business (temp/contract). Skills  airframes, aeronautical engineering, aerospace engineering, EASA, JAR**** aircraft maintenance, engineering, PTLLS, CTLLS, DTLLS, Cert.Ed, PGCE, lecturer, further education, college, trainer