Title: Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultants Wanted – AwardWinning Recruitment Company
Webindex: 66508151
Company: HARVARD BROWN LTD
Description: Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultants Wanted AwardWinning Recruitment Company Work for an AwardWinning Recruitment Company as a Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant to progress your career based on your own success and results. My client is a multiawardwinning recruitment company that specialises in a variety of lucrative sectors, such as IT, banking and finance, media and engineering. Their successful and consistent delivery of a high calibre of service has led them to be regarded as one of the UK's leading recruitment companies. They have been given **** Best Companies to Work for status, strengthening their reputation as one of the best recruitment companies to be a part of. If successful in your application, you can expect the training to be fastpaced and enabling you to become an expert in the full recruitment process. You will be taught on all aspects of the recruitment process from client and candidate generation to rapport building to closing deals This graduate trainee recruitment consultant role is considered to be highly autonomous; you will be expected to proactively canvass for new business opportunities through coldcalling. You will use your engaging personality to build rapport and ultimately, convince and persuade decision makers within leading businesses to use you as a supplier to their hiring requirements. You will also be responsible for generating and sourcing the right candidates through advertising, headhunting, networking, coldcalling and networking. You will be assigned to an experienced and highly successful mentor up to director level, with a history of success in the recruitment industry. You will be working closely with your mentor and those around you to ensure you receive training tailored specifically to you in order to become a highly successful recruitment consultant. Additionally, my client offers one of the most competitive commission structures in the industry; maximising your earning potential. They also offer companywide incentives for top performers. They believe in having an incentivised workforce and motivate their employees with extra bonuses in the form of luxury holidays, quarterly city breaks to some of Europe s most desirable destinations as well as monthly club lunches at Michelin starred restaurants. For the right individual, career progression can be rapid. Progression into a team leader role has been, and will continue to be achieved within 1**** months. The rate at which you climb the ranks of seniority will be dependent on your performance and results. In return for the training, commission and additional incentives on offer you will be a graduate with strong interpersonal skills and a relentless desire to become a success. As a result of their commitment to organic growth they are looking for ambitious graduates who are highly competitive, driven and moneymotivated. You will thrive in a fastpaced, competitive and target driven environment. Ideally, you will be educated to a 2:1 degree level or above. Sales experience will strengthen your application; however, it is not essential due to the quality of training provided. To be considered for this role, please email your CV to David at d.brownharvardbrown.co.uk Additionally, please refer to the PDF documents below and our Facebook, Twitter (HarvardBrownLtd) and YouTube pages for more information; including interview tips and advice. Specialising in placing graduates and sales professionals into the recruitment industry, we are a preferred supplier to an extensive and diverse range of carefully selected clients, from boutique executive search and selection firms to multinational and often multi awardwinning recruitment organisations. Apply today to work as a Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant for one of the UK's leading recruitment companies. Graduate Recruitment Consultant, Graduate Job Opportunities, Graduate Recruitment Jobs London, Graduate Recruitment Jobs Manchester, Graduate Recruitment Jobs Bristol