Title: Trainer/Assessor in Security
Webindex: 69677733
Company: OXFORD & CHERWELL COLLEGE
Description: Oxford Cherwell Valley College are the largest provider of further education in Oxfordshire offering a wide range of full and parttime courses. We employ almost **** staff on a wide variety of contracts and working patterns including, full time, parttime, term time and variable hours. Our College community includes a diverse range of social and cultural backgrounds and we are committed to creating an increasingly diverse workforce which is representative of our student and local population. This post is based in Oxford with requirements to travel to Banbury, Blackbird Leys and Reading occasionally. We are looking for an inspirational Security trainer in a FullCosted, ALR and Enterprise Development within Security and related subjects. This is a new and unique opportunity for the right individual. You will play a key role in developing this new venture and will be part of a enthusiastic teaching team. The key aspects of this role will be to assist the Programme Manager in the development of quality training and to build a client base of customers and deliver outstanding teaching on the programmes of study. The ideal candidate will have experience of the Security industry and have the related qualifications to teach the sector vocational qualifications. You will have responsibility to execute numerous Door Supervision and Conflict Management courses. The team also offers numerous First Aid courses. You will possess a minimum of PTTLS teaching qualification or equivalent with a proven track record in your career to date. On selection you will be given the opportunity to work towards your full teaching qualification. You will possess excellent knowledge of Security and will be adept at teaching the subjects. This is a fabulous opportunity for an individual to join a team aiming to make real difference to the College and the industry. If you have a passion for delivery of quality security courses and subsequently teaching and learning, the enthusiasm and desire to work in a forward thinking and innovative environment we would welcome your application. You will also be given opportunities for personal development. Any person offered a position will be required to complete a CRB disclosure. Oxford and Cherwell Valley College is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of young people, and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Oxford Cherwell Valley College is an equal opportunities employer.