Title: Faculty Leader Science
Webindex: 67058705
Company: Francis Combe Academy
Description: Come and work in our brand new, state of the art Science Plaza, and pick up a **** golden hello. We are seeking to recruit an exceptional Faculty Leader of Science who has strong leadership skills to develop, manage and inspire our team of science teachers and technicians. Science is a very wellresourced department with excellent facilities. The Science department has improved significantly in recent years, both in terms of achievement and teaching and learning, so we are seeking a Faculty Leader who will provide vision, direction and inspiration in ensuring provision in Science is outstanding and committed to raising the achievement and enjoyment of learners in Science. The Science Faculty is well resourced and has wonderful state of the art facilities, given the new 25 million new build, including **** new laboratories. The Faculty also benefits from three highly experienced fulltime technicians. The successful candidate will be able to teach the whole age and ability range, be committed to their professional development and to the use of ICT in teaching Science. We want from you: Able to lead and develop a team of good and committed teachers An aspiring or experienced middle leader Able to raise performance and achievement through rigorous monitoring and review Committed to high quality teaching and learning Ambitious to 'make a difference' A teacher with drive, enthusiasm, resilience, warmth and humour. We can offer you: Outstanding facilities Students who are enthusiastic and keen to learn Very supportive colleagues Excellent professional development and guidance A vibrant, successful Sixth Form An Academy committed to doing the best for its students **** recruitment and retention allowance This is an exceptional opportunity to play a role and make a difference to the future of education with a 21stcentury Academy. If you share the Academy's vision and ambitions, possess a strong desire to work within an ethos of creative collaboration and partnership and want to have a positive impact on young people, families and the community, then we would be delighted to hear from you. Francis Combe Academy is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. The successful applicant will be required to undergo enhanced DBS clearance. If you would like any further details about this post or would like a tour of the Academy, please telephone Jacqui Hurst, Director of Resources **** **** or email j.hurstfranciscombeacademy.org.uk Closing Date is: Friday 25th January 2013. Interviews: week commencing 28th January 2013.