Title: Learning Support Assistant  ASD
Webindex: 69144092
Company: Edustaff
Description: Autistic Learning Support Assistant Are you a High Class Graduate looking to work in a flagship SEN School in East London for the rest of the Academic Year? Is a career in making a real difference within the Special Educational Needs Sector and feel starting the New Year as an LSA working with Autism would be a fantastic Experience? Are you excited about helping pupils with autism gain the most out of their education whilst working in a truly inspirational team? Yes? Don’t stop reading ****  **** per day – Learning Support Assistant Year Long Academic Contract  LSA Excellent East  Central London Location Flagship SEN School Fantastic Leadership Team Outstanding – Ofsted 2011 Inspirational Leadership Team Perfect Experience for anyone looking for a career in SEN If you are a High Class Graduate, with a real passion for the SEN Education Sector, then Edustaff have the perfect opportunity for you This excellent Primary & Secondary School is looking to appoint a new Learning Support Assistant to come to the school and ensure that all pupils at the school receive the proper support that will help them get everything they can out of their education This role is perfect for Graduates who are excited about the prospect of taking up a career in special educational needs, is this you? Located in the multi cultural London Borough of Tower Hamlets, this Outstanding SEN School is located right next to the tube and Overground lines. Transport links are excellent and there are more than just a few inspirational figures, teaching and leading in the school. This school is the perfect place to gain experience in fantastic techniques of teaching pupils on the SEN Spectrum Facilities at the school are very good, it is currently having a new building specially built, in addition to the existing site which will provide even more spaces. Excellent classrooms, specialist light and sound rooms, art rooms along with outdoor areas all help this be the top choice for parents. To be successful in your application you must have the following qualities…  Passion for SEN Education  Ideally Experience working Within this Sector  Unquestionable Commitment to the School and Role  A High Class Degree If this sounds like you, then Email your CV to Will at Edustaff ASAP