Title: Cover Supervisor  Havering  ASAP Start
Webindex: 71797793
Company: The London Teaching Pool Ltd
Description:  Cover supervisors required  Contracts to suit your requirements  Weekly Pay  Earn up to **** per day  Havering LEA  Primary and Secondary Schools. Are you looking for a route into teaching but haven’t got a PGCE or QTS? A cover supervisor role could be just what you are looking for. Working as a cover supervisor can be extremely rewarding but also very demanding. There is a high level of responsibility and although there is always a teacher close at hand if needed, there is a large amount of autonomy needed. As a cover supervisor, you will work during school hours and in addition to supervising the class, will also oversee the completion of set work and manage the behaviour of pupils. On occasions where you will not be needed for cover, you might also be released to provide additional support to teachers in classrooms, or to carry out administrative tasks for example. There are currently no specific qualifications required for the role of cover supervisor however, cover supervision is a responsible role and so schools will take great care to ensure that all staff have the necessary skills and knowledge before being given charge of a class. All interested candidates will need to undergo a CRB check and will need to be able to demonstrate knowledge of all school policies particularly those regarding health and safety, equal opportunity issues and special educational needs (SEN). All interested candidates should send a full CV to the email address shown or contact Ryan  The London Teaching Pool for further details. TLTP Group is an Equal Opportunities employer. Subject to observance of all UK and EU current legislation we shall not discriminate to exclude individuals on the grounds of age, race, colour, gender (birth or reassigned), sexual orientation, disability, religion or belief, marital status, ethnic or national origin, health, pregnancy, childcare responsibilities or criminal records. Candidates from such groups are actively encouraged to apply.