Title: NQT or QTS Primary Teacher KS****
Webindex: 69505606
Company: Capita Education
Description: QTS or NQT English Primary Teacher KS**** ****  **** per day Flitwick, Bedfordshire Capita Education Resourcing is currently looking for exceptional QTS or NQT Primary Teacher to work in our outstanding Middle school in the Flitwick. Our school takes pride in its achievements and Capita look to help them maintain that. We ensure to provide excellent teachers and sustain a great relationship that we have built. This school is in need of a teacher that has taught English at middle school level but will accept applications from primary trained teachers. This is a great opportunity to join our schools and become part of an outstanding team initially on Day to Day basis potentially enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet out total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this local Secondary School you will be:  An NQT or QTS Teacher with a real passion for your subject  Able to inspire and motivate children of mixed abilities to enjoy and improve their confidence with  An individual with excellent classroom management  A great role model with a real sense of responsibility  Approachable and have a calm and communicative approach to problem solving  Able to demonstrate the ability to make English fun, inspiring and encourage results At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:   The support of a dedicated Secondary Consultant  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  Wonderful facilities at school level We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. For further details about this role please contact Ross Howse on **** or send your CV to Ross.Howsecapita.co.uk