Title: Primary School Senior Administrator
Webindex: 69144061
Company: Edustaff
Description: Are you an experienced school administrator seeking a post this January? Seeking a post which has genuine potential to become permanent? Are you looking for a post within a North London Primary School? Primary School Senior Administrator position Full time – January start (min **** terms initially) To become permanent this September for the ‘right’ person Experience is a MUST…IT, Finance & Database (Integris) Enthusiastic & personable candidates to apply Small CofE Primary School Located close to public transport links (zone ****) 3537.5 hrs per week – 40 weeks per year Earn up to **** per day (depending on experience) My client is a lovely small Church of England primary school based in North London, close to public transport links on the border of Barnet and Camden. The Head teacher is looking to appoint an enthusiastic and outgoing administrator as soon as possible. This post has all the potential to become a permanent post ahead of the summer holidays for the right person. Previous experience is required, as you will need to hit the ground running… As one of the schools administrators you will become part of a lovely ‘front of house’ team who set the tone for such a welcoming school. You will be required to take on general administrator roles such as answering the phone and liaising with school visitors, pupils and parents as well as more senior tasks including finance. A key requirement for applicants is experience using a system called INTEGRIS or similar systems such as SIMS. You will be given additional training, but knowledge and experience using such systems would be a real advantage. Applicants need to be organised, personable, professional and hard working. Please apply today, as the head teacher is looking to interview, trial and appoint as soon as possible including a warm handover with the departing administrator leaving once you are settled. Please email your CV and cover letter to Danny Jillions ASAP. I look forward to hearing from you.