Title: Director of Mathematics
Webindex: 69742438
Company: Saffron Walden County High School
Description: Required for September 2013 (or earlier if available), a wellqualified and enthusiastic teacher to provide dynamic and creative leadership for our Mathematics Department. The department is very well resourced with SMART boards installed in all Maths classrooms. We seek a teacher who will enthuse students in their learning and inspire colleagues to strive for excellence in the classroom. The subject is a very popular A Level option, with high standards of achievement including success at Oxbridge entrance. SWCHS has recently been judged by Ofsted as outstanding in every category. The school has a national reputation for innovative educational practice and is committed to the importance of extracurricular opportunities. We hold 'Gold' awards from Sport England and the Arts Council. All staff benefit from high quality professional development. Applications are invited from energetic, ambitious teachers who are determined to develop the teaching of Mathematics so that students of all abilities enjoy their learning and are motivated to succeed. Curriculum directors will have the opportunity to be involved in the leadership of a strategic whole school development and contribute to the wider work of the Saffron Academy Trust A recruitment package, including some financial assistance, is available. Childcare voucher scheme. Early years nursery on site. Closing date: Tuesday 5th February 2013, **** noon. To download a complete application pack and for further information about the school, visit www.swchs.net Alternatively, contact the school directly. Audley End Road, Saffron Walden CB**** ****UH   email: applicationsswchs.net The governing body is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people, and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment SAFFRON WALDEN COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL An Academy of the Saffron Academy Trust **** pupils, sixth form **** Head: J. Hartley MA