Title: Numeracy Coordinator
Webindex: 69198506
Company: Connaught Education
Description: Numeracy Coordinator and KS**** Teacher Are you an outstanding primary school teacher with a passion for mathematics? Are you looking to progress your career at a brilliant and caring school? Do you have skills and experience to motivate and challenge pupils of all abilities? Are you a committed Key Stage 2 Teacher? If so, then read on? Permanent Post Located in Coventry September 2013 Start KS2 Teacher with Numeracy CoOrdinator responsibilities. Can you inspire, encourage and lead colleagues? Are you dedicated towards making a difference as part of the School Management Team? The Head Teacher and Governors are looking to appoint a Numeracy Coordinator with KS2 teaching responsibilities for September. The school is focused on improving learning for all age groups, and recent SAT results have reflected this, placing the school within the top 15% of Primary schools in the LEA. The school is located in Coventry and boasts a supportive and inclusive PTA and committed governing body as well as keen and enthusiastic pupils. The school has excellent transport links, including a local train station and many bus routes within a few minutes walk. The successful applicant needs to have experience of working with KS2 stage children. They should have a comprehensive knowledge of the primary curriculum and a strong history with teaching Numeracy through all year groups. The school offers guaranteed PPA Time, and the successful applicant would have the support of a graduatelevel TA. Interested parties are encouraged to apply now to avoid disappointment. For more information, please email a CV and covering letter to Chris at Coventry today Connaught Education operates as an Employment Business and an Employment Agency. We are a committed equal opportunities employer who respect and value cultural diversity. We are committed to supporting the welfare of children and young people. In support of current Safeguarding legislation and as a DfE Quality Mark agency, we will carry out background checks and an Enhanced CRB Disclosure as part of our recruitment and selection procedures.