Title: PT Learner Engagement Officer  Young People Background
Webindex: 71184185
Company: Spirit Resourcing
Description: A large Skills Training Provider delivering governmentfunded apprenticeship services across the UK seeks a PartTime Learner Engagement Officer to recruit young learners for their training and apprenticeship programmes in and around Luton. You will work **** hours per week and be based from their Luton Centre. You will work within a team of Learner Engagement Officers, responsible for managing and developing partnerships that encourage learners to apply for training and apprenticeship services delivered by your organisation. The current business model focuses on engaging with prospective learners via an array of channels including FE Colleges, Job Fairs/Careers Guidance Events, Job Centre Plus and Conferences and some good relationships already exist in order to supply a steady stream of **** year olds for you to meet with. A wide range of apprenticeships are provided by the company incorporating business admin / customer service, retail, management, logistics and warehousing, giving excellent options to your learners. To provide learner placement opportunities, you will develop an indepth knowledge of local colleges and FE institutions, job centres and other partners and will arrange to meet with their learners to assist them in finding apprenticeship opportunities and further training to develop their career potential. Therefore, the ability and experience of working in partnership with organisations in a mutually beneficial relationship is essential. To interview for this role you do not need experience within learner engagement directly, however you must have experience of working with young people in some capacity and also of working to targets. You must be a car owner/driver to visit partnership organisations and will mostly be based at the Luton Centre. The 20 hours per week are flexible so you can determine the hours that will be most beneficial to you  whether it be **** hours over 5 days or 20 hours in 3 days and so. Opportunities to progress to a fulltime role in due course will also exist. Benefits include laptop, phone, 27 days annual leave (prorata), full expenses and generous pension. Considerable scope for career progression exists within the organisation. Please apply for full details about this opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PTLearnerEngagementOfficerYoungPeopleBackground_job****