Title: Lecturer in Health & Social Care 75% (Maternity Cover)
Webindex: 71874853
Company: WESTON COLLEGE
Description: Job Purpose The person appointed will join a progressive and dynamic team involved in the delivery of a range of fulltime and parttime programmes within the Faculty of Service Sectors. This includes provision in Health and Social Care. Key Tasks The person appointed will be responsible to the Curriculum Manager and ultimately to the Head of Faculty, for the following:  To provide high quality teaching, learning, assessment and internal moderation across a range of Health and Social Care courses. To course lead a programme or programmes of study in Health and Social Care ensuring high levels of achievement and success. Contribute to the delivery, tracking and monitoring of functional skill performance amongst cohorts of students in Health and Social Care. Tutorship of students, giving appropriate support to enable students to achieve their academic and vocational targets. Interviewing and giving guidance to potential students. Assisting students in their progression to either Higher Education or employment. Contribute to the development and continual improvement of courses, coordinating effectively with both staff and students. To be proactive in marketing/liaising with local schools, sector representatives and employers with the objective of developing and enhancing programmes of study, ensuring targeted levels of recruitment, establishing strong partnership links and raising the profile of the division. Generic Duties In addition to the requirements of the post above, all members of the academic staff are required:  to complete all associated organisation/administrative work, preparation and marking; to deal with immediate student disciplinary and welfare problems; to keep and maintain specified student and class records; to plan, prepare, develop and evaluate courses and course materials, and supervise course provision; to assist with administration, enrolment, preenrolment counselling and identification of customer requirements; to participate in Programme/School/College activities as requested, including parents evenings, career events, open days and other publicity and public relations events; to participate and undertake Staff Appraisal, inservice training and industrial updating based on an assessment of individual service needs; to meet the requirements of the Health Safety at Work Act **** and the College s Health Safety Procedures; to be prepared to operate on a flexible year as required; members of the academic staff will normally be expected to work not more than two evenings per week on average; to undertake such duties as may be reasonably required commensurate with the grade of the appointment. Weston College is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Successful applicants will be required to complete an enhanced CRB check.