Title: Learning Support Assistants, Portsmouth
Webindex: 72448404
Company: ITN Mark Education
Description: Learning Support Assistants for Supply and long term vacancies  Various mainstream and SEN Schools across Portsmouth  ****  **** per day ITN Mark are currently recruiting for Qualified Learning Support Assistants to work on a supply basis in our Portsmouth mainstream and SEN schools. Working on supply is an excellent way to experience a variety of schools and nurseries to fit around your availability. Duties will include: To care for the general Welfare of the children, especially when unwell or require First Aid. Assist children in gaining independence with in the class playground environment. Assisting in settling in new children. Working with individuals and groups during the day, actively supporting their learning experiences. To encourage and help children to play. To undertake, with other team members, the general care and maintenance of materials and equipment within a team. To undertake duties as directed by the Teacher and the Head teachers. To supervise Playground activities. The successful applicant MUST have: Cache or Childcare NVQ Level 3, Degree in Early Years or equivalent A current, enhanced CRB (within the last 6 months) through Hampshire County Council or (the last year) through a Hampshire approved agency, or be willing to apply for one at a cost of **** Relevant childcare experience Eligibility to work in the UK as a supply worker Provide a CV covering the last 10 years a full 2 years of reference details Qualifications such as Team Team, Pecs and Makaton are desirable but not essential What's on offer: In return you will receive highly competitive daily rates, continued professional development and experienced education recruitment specialists providing expert career guidance. Contact: To apply to work as a Learning Support Assistant in the Portsmouth area, please apply with your CV and reference details to this advert using the appropriate link. ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LearningSupportAssistantsPortsmouth_job****