Title: Early Years Teacher  International School, Abu Dhabi
Webindex: 68704009
Company: ITN Mark Education
Description: Do you want to get rewarded with a generous salary, in an exciting and modern location in the United Arab Emirates? Our renowned school in Abu Dhabi is looking for an Early Years teacher to join the Sep ****013 team delivering the highest standards of education to students, using the British Curriculum. The school can boast state of the art facilities coupled with strong leadership team. Due to continued success the school are able to offer likeminded teachers an exciting opportunity to join them from next academic year. For the right person there is great opportunity for career development and further responsibility. Working in an international school is a rewarding and exciting opportunity; the school have students from up to **** different nationalities and staff members from many national backgrounds. The school provides an ideal setting in which children can learn, grow and develop into the kind of responsible and responsive learners which the contemporary world demands. The curriculum is typically based on the British model (National Curriculum). For your skills you will be rewarded with a very generous tax free salary (the school's salary scale is typically around 8% higher than the UK pay scale), free accommodation. You will receive a utility bill allowance, flights annually, free health care insurance and end of contract gratuity. All benefits are available to family members and the school offer up to 2 free child school places. You will have a recognised UK teaching qualification or the equivalent and the relevant experience and attitude to deliver to the standards set out above  coupled with at least 2 years teaching experience teaching IB OR British Curriculum. You will be a leader in your field and looking for a role where you will be looking to commit to working in a rewarding and academically challenging environment. Interviews will be held on an ongoing basis until the right candidate is found, so please contact Faye immediately if you are interested at ITN Mark International Education or click To Appy ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EarlyYearsTeacherInternationalSchoolAbuDhabi_job****