Title: A****A Tutor (Access to Apprenticeships)  Derby
Webindex: 69747228
Company: V Selective Recruitment
Description: A****A Tutor (Access to Apprenticeships) Vacancy in Derby Location: Derby, East Mdlands Hours: 36 hours per week Salary: ****  **** per annum Contract: Permanent Role Summary Our client is a UKwide voluntary youth sector organisation providing opportunities for young people to transform their lifecircumstances by reengaging with learning, discovering their ability to succeed and achieving progression to further education, training and employment. They are currently seeking to appoint an A****A (Access to Apprenticeships) Tutor to join their team in Derby  this is a role in which you can really impact and make a difference to young peoples lives Role Objective To support learners in developing their knowledge and skills and helping them to access an apprenticeship, in accordance with contract requirements. Tutors will deliver training and/or assess learner capability against national standards.? Key Responsibilities  Promoting and safeguarding the welfare of children and young people  Establish, build and maintain relationships with outside agencies to ensure effective progression routes for the young people on programme.  Ensure that links are developed and maintained with parents, carers and families for the benefit of our learners  Interview learners to assess their ability and potential to move onto an apprenticeship through the Access to Apprenticeship programme.  Identify and secure suitable employer placements and ensure they meet Rathbone s health and safety standards.  Assess learner skills and identify needs and support required, in order to produce an Individual Learning Plan (ILP)  Curriculum development working closely with the EBT vocational Tutors and Skills for life Tutors  Plan teaching and learning to improve outcomes for all learners, and implement ensuring learning is delivered in line with curriculum and programme requirements  Deliver training to individual young people and also group sessions following the programme curriculum. Set objectives and targets for achievement.  Inspire, encourage, empower and promote innovation and share best practice Essential Skills  Thorough understanding of and empathy for learner group.  Knowledge of training processes (gained through experience or qualification).  Knowledge and understanding of NVQs/SVQs/Apprenticeships.  Knowledge of health and safety legislation appropriate to occupational area.  Thorough understanding of all relevant Rathbone policies and procedures (health and safety, equal opportunities, data protection, etc.). Understanding of the specific contract requirements that apply. Understanding of child/young person protection issues and policies. Accredited with the required assessor units. IT skills (MS Office, Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Email & Internet) Qualification Requirements CTTLS or equivalent Essential DTTLS or equivalent  Desirable Assessor Units  Desirable