Title: Shropshire Secondary Teachers Urgently Required
Webindex: 70761956
Company: Protocol Education
Description: Protocol Education has managed the Shropshire Supply Teaching Service (SSTS) since **** for Shropshire Council. Due to high demand SSTS are URGENTLY recruiting suitably qualified, enthusiastic, talented, dynamic, flexible, committed secondary teachers and support staff with excellent behaviour management skills who would love to be in the classroom for a very exciting and busy ****013. Schools are indicating future long term assignments which will need to covering imminently, with ongoing high day 2 day requirements. Whatever your level of experience or specialism, SSTS would like you to be apart of our team to service all of the Shropshire Schools and support you on your career ventures going forward. We receive a variety of placements to suit your availability. As a supply teacher, you will be responsible for covering lessons in the absence of the regular classroom teacher. You could be teaching in your own specialist area but you will also be required to cover generally in other subjects. You must be confident in holding the attention of a classroom and be flexible in your teaching approach to be successful. Why choose Shropshire Supply Teaching Service? We know how important it is to work with an agency you can rely upon to provide the best quality service possible. A wealth of knowledge within the Education Sector, years of recruitment experience and a genuine passion for our industry makes Protocol a leader within England. We take the time to get to know you, and to understand your skills and experience in depth to ensure we find the best placement match as well as providing ongoing support throughout your career. If you would like to experience Education Recruitment with a personal touch contact Shropshire Supply Teaching Service and speak with Zerena, Vicki, Emma or Natalia on (Apply online only) **** **** (url removed) or visit our website (url removed) and register NOW. Shropshire Schools need YOU