Title: THE ONLY WAY IS ESSEX, PRIMARY SCHOOL TEACHERS NEEDED NOW
Webindex: 69005558
Company: Academics Ltd
Description: THE ONLY WAY IS ESSEX, PRIMARY SCHOOL TEACHERS NEEDED NOW  Primary School Teacher  EYFS / KS1 / KS2  Main Pay Scale  Upper Pay Scale  GOOD Schools  OUTSTANDING Schools Looking to teach in Essex? Do you have Qualified Teacher Status? Academics are currently looking to appoint Primary teachers to start immediately at a school in Essex. A year 1 teacher and a year 4 teacher are required to teach at a fantastic, supportive school with great facilities. The school is based within Essex and is easily accessible and well served by public transport links. The ideal candidates will be confident, professional teachers with the ability to engage Primary students and encourage them to appreciate and enjoy learning. Pupil behaviour and achievement is excellent. The staff at this school are incredibly supportive and welcoming. You will need to be qualified with a PGCE, GTP, Bachelor of Education, or equivalent if you are an overseas trained teacher. Along with this there is also a competitive salary available. The successful candidates will be able to demonstrate: o An ability to Deliver Effective Lessons to Primary students o Excellent Behaviour Management Skills o Passion and Enthusiasm for Teaching As part of the UK s leading education supplier, Academics is the obvious choice for teachers looking for the right role in the right school. Our career managers work hard and efficiently to give you the opportunity to move your teaching career in the right direction. We are looking for first rate teachers and in return we offer great rates of pay and a friendly, professional service We have strong relationships with all major schools in the area so if you have the talent to teach and are equipped with the requisite qualifications, apply today and we ll find the right role for you. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. If you are a Newly Qualified Teacher or have Qualified Teacher Status and you are interested in this role or something similar then please email your current CV Today or call Ben on (Apply online only). Recommend a friend could reward you with **** If you know anyone that is also looking to teach then please put them in touch with Academics. Academics pgce qts gtp bed nqt primary ks1 ks2