Title: IT Sales Graduate Scheme
Webindex: 66507970
Company: GIVEAGRADAGO LTD
Description: Company Profile: Our client supplies software, licensing, hardware and training solutions to UK academic institutions and charitable organisations. Add in the competitive pricing and the indepth knowledge of their experienced, qualified staff, and you've got a one stop shop for schools, universities, colleges and charities in search of leading products and the very best service. Recent accolades include; Adobe Educational Reseller of the Year, Mac User Reseller of the Year and one of the Fastest Growing Technology Companies recognised by 'The Sunday Times' Tech Track **** list. The Role: At present our client has a **** person strong sales team, covering a number of government funded sectors. They are currently on the lookout for Business Development Executives to join their Commercial, Schools and Charities Team. Reporting directly to the Sales Manager the scheme is structured with a 6 month and **** month review. After 12 months there will be a potential opportunity to progress into a full account manager role with full commission potential within 1218 months. Key Responsibilities: As the Business Development Executive your main responsibility will be to contact endusers directly, whether they are existing, transactional clients or new business. You will also be expected to contact key decision makers to discuss Point Products. This is a fast paced environment and, on completion of your training, you will be expected to make approximately **** cold calls per day as well as meeting KPI. So, what are we looking for? A tenacious and dynamic personality An enthusiastic communicator A degree in IT/Computer Science or a media related course is preferred Telemarketing skills preferred but not essential The ability to establish and maintain constructive working relationships Ability to work under pressure. Annual Remuneration **** basic salary rising to 20,000 on completion of 6 months probationary period Additional bonuses to be paid on achieving KPI's set per month Non Contributory Pension available Private car business allowance, not including travelling to and from permanent place of work Ongoing staff development and training schemes.