Title: Infrastructure and Projects Officer
Webindex: 71849617
Company: JHP Training
Description: JHP Academy is a leading provider of teaching and learning programmes to the Work Based Learning and Welfare to Work market place. As we continue to grow and expand our services and portfolio, we are looking for talented people who have the drive and energy to support the delivery of exciting courses which incorporate the latest technology. As the Academy Infrastructure and Projects Officer you'll provide invaluable support to our delivery teams, helping us to continue our high levels of service as we grow. Your help in carrying out the processes and systems will directly contribute to our success as a team. Assisting with reporting and administrative processes and compiling supporting documentation will provide you with an opportunity to act as an integral member of a vibrant and talented team. A typical day could include liaising with internal and external customers, answering queries, inputting important information onto our systems and maintaining accurate data on our systems. You will also work closely with the Infrastructure and Projects Coordinator on a daily basis, and assist with the support and direction of other staff. We'll also involve you in ways to proactively support our evolution such as researching opportunities and developments which will help us lead the way as we introduce the JHP Group to new customers and markets. JHP Group is passionate about improving skills, raising aspirations and developing opportunities for our staff and clients. Every day the teams at our centres across the UK offer a wide range of workbased and jobseeker training for adults and young people. So if you're passionate, professional and proactive, you could go a long way with us. You will also enjoy great benefits here  childcare vouchers, an employee assistance programme for you and your family, pension scheme and 25 days' holiday. All positions within JHP Group are subject to the receipt of satisfactory 3 years written references and evidence of your Right to Work in the UK. As part of JHP's commitment to safeguarding vulnerable groups, some roles will require a CRB / Disclosure Scotland check. Applicants invited to attend interview will again be made aware of this at the point of invitation. JHP Group welcomes applications from all sectors of the community and are committed to diversity and recruiting to reflect the communities we serve JHP Group welcomes applications from all sectors of the community. If you have not heard within 14 days of the closing date, your application has been unsuccessful. Due to the large number of applications we are unable to give individual feedback. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InfrastructureandProjectsOfficer_job****