Title: Deputy Education and Training Manager
Webindex: 68184267
Company: ATOM Education Limited
Description: Deputy Education and Training Manager. A Young Offenders Institute in Middlesex is looking for an experienced and qualified Deputy Education and Training Manager. The successful Deputy Education and Training Manager will work with, and support the Education and Training Manager to provide effective local management of the Teaching Staff and will implement the curriculum and timetable so that trainees learn and achieve effectively. You will be responsible for the development of the Education of the young people in custody to ensure that their Educational Needs are identified and assessed. In doing so appropriate learning and support programmes will be delivered. You will support and maintain the robust systems, ensuring appropriate record keeping across all education and training activities. You will be working across this site to enable students to rebuild their lives, in order to provide them with the second chance they deserve. The Successful Deputy Education and Training Manager would hold a relevant teaching qualification (FE or QTS) and have experience of the Education and Training needs for Young Offenders. You will have knowledge of the National Adult Core Curriculum and Ofsted. You would also have experience of teaching young people under **** in a mainstream learning environment  and ideally in a secure setting or with disaffected learners. The successful Deputy Education and Training Manager will have an excellent track record of accreditation success, inspiring learners and good behaviour management strategies. All appointments are subject to the safeguarding of the welfare of children. Applicants must be willing to undergo child protection screening appropriate to the post, including checks with past employers and the Criminal Records Bureau. The Deputy Education and Training Manager will help to monitor contractual targets linked to trainee achievement, lead staff meetings as required and liaise with appropriate prison personnel in providing guidance and support to trainees. Undertake personal and professional development activities to meet individual and department needs. You will assist and support staff, so that knowledge can be shared. Participate in prison procedures, e.g. health and safety, security and behaviour management. ATOM Education provides a referral system and if you know of a Deputy Education and Training Manager who would be interested in this role please contact us. For further details please send your CV.