Title: Childminding Support Manager
Webindex: 71878733
Company: CF APPOINTMENTS
Description: Salary  **** Duration  Until April 20****5 Location  Home based, with regular travel throughout the Medway area required Job Description The main duties of the post include: Manage and develop a high quality support service for Childminders that contributes to an improvement in Ofsted Inspection outcomes in the local authority area Overall responsible for contract performance, ensure Key Performance Indicators and targets are met Develop strategies to inspire Childminders to improve their practice to an outstanding quality Develop marketing and promotional activities to encourage Childminders to engage with the service and increase service uptake Develop strong relationships with all Children s Centres based in the locality and develop innovative ways to encourage Childminders to attend activities at Children s Centres Oversee delivery of associated training and briefing sessions for Childminders Support and supervise two Childminding Coordinator staff (1 FTE, **** FTE) and associated Administration staff Analyse local and national data and statistics to identify trends and make service improvements Compile regular reports and updates for Medway Council and Prospects Early Years Services Develop strong working relationships with the Principal Officer, Early Years Services in Medway and relevant statutory and community organisations Represent Prospects EYS at meetings, events and forums Other duties commensurate with the level and nature of the post. Person Specification Essential Experience of working in the childcare/ Childminding sector with a thorough understanding of the issues facing Childminders. Knowledge of Ofsted Inspection requirements and processes, the EYFS Framework and legislation and guidance relevant to home based childcare practice. A relevant Early Years degree level qualification or equivalent. Experience of managing staff. Experience of developing, delivering and monitoring training. Experience of working with/ within a Local Authority environment. Partnership management skills. Ability to analyse data and statistics. Report writing skills. Willing to undertake some evening and weekend work as appropriate and work flexibly as required. Must be able to travel throughout the Medway area. Knowledge of good equal opportunities practice. Preferable Contract management experience Budget management skills Childminding experience Experience of delivering CACHE courses Trainer qualifications Marketing skills Car owner Please note only successful applicants will be contacted. We value and respect each other s differences and welcome applications from every section of the community particularly welcoming applications from disabled people who are underrepresented in the company