Title: Brand Manager  Global Travel Company  Surrey  ****k
Webindex: 71877869
Company: PROFILES CREATIVE
Description: This fabulous international travel company are now looking for a switched on Brand Manager to join their dynamic and growing marketing team. The Brand Manager will be brand led but, also highly capable in all other areas of the marketing mix. The Brand Manager will lead on brand guardianship as well as strategy and planning, including communications and media planning. If you are a talented Brand Manager looking for your next challenge then this could be the perfect role for you Key Responsibilities: Overall responsibility for all brand communications to ensure global brand alignment across all departments and activity. To be aware of all activity in market and act as a central point of information. To develop a detailed understanding of all aspects of the product and ensure that changes/enhancements are appropriately communicated in a timely and relevant way to all channels. To work closely with the Revenue Management teams to review sales performance and identify need areas for promotion. Be responsible for the delivery of brochures, from creative development through to print and production and budget management. To develop any ATL activity or any other mass communications which have the specific aim of generating brand awareness and promoting education. Work closely with the trade training team, to support the development of all internal and trade training materials. To monitor how competitors communicate their brands and update departments where relevant on key insights. Desired Experience: Minimum 5 years proven marketing experience ideally in a multinational marketing environment Matrix organisation experience preferable Demonstrated success in brand management Travel Industry experience preferable Apply: Please apply through this portal for this role or feel free to contact Poonam Thaker on **** **** **** or email poonamprofilescreative.com for a confidential discussion about this or other roles we are recruiting for. THIS IS AN URGENT REQUIREMENT.