Title: Science Teaching Vacancy
Webindex: 69007150
Company: A Star Teachers
Description: A Star Teachers: WE ARE TEACHERS RECRUITING TEACHERS Science/Chemistry Secondary Teacher  GCSE/A Level ASAP Start  Long Term to Permanent Position Good Exam Results  86% AC **** Comprehensive secondary school located in Hackney, requires a Science secondary specialising in Chemistry ASAP to join this very successful department. The school enjoys an excellent reputation within the local community and is heavily oversubscribed. Academic standards are already very high in all key stages, but the school is not complacent and continually seeks to expand and improve upon opportunities afforded to their students. This post offers an exciting opportunity to be part of a unique and highly successful school. The governors are seeking to appoint an enthusiastic teacher of Science. The successful candidate will be capable of teaching across the range of age and ability including A Level Chemistry and should have the teaching talent to engage, enthuse and inspire students. With strong support systems in place emphasis is placed on the induction all new members of staff, if this sounds like the position for you then forward your CV immediately. Candidates must:  be familiar with the National Curriculum or similar curriculum from overseas  be seeking longterm, permanent or daily work  have the right to work in the UK  have recognised teaching qualifications  have at least two educational references  have an overseas police check (if applicable)  have a current CRB or willingness to undertake It is A Star Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, due to the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to each applicant individually. If we have not contacted you within three working days, your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may feel suitable for in the future. A Star Teachers is a Quality Marked Agency (continuously since ****) and is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people