Title: Employer Relationship Consultant  Specialist Recruitment
Webindex: 68690871
Company: Spirit Resourcing
Description: One of the UKs leading providers of skills, welfare to work and employability services is seeking an Employer Relationship Consultant for their Gravesend centre. They have a national presence and have implemented a creative business model that is already yielding some excellent results. The centre provides services to unemployed customers who are seeking to return to employment but have been unsuccessful to date. Providing each customer with excellent customer service and respect, the office uses all of the resources at its disposal to deliver advice, expertise, training and any additional support required to help each customer maximise their chances of gaining employment. Unemployed customers work with their own Employment Advisor, who guides them through the process and arranges additional employability training and support if needed. When they are jobready, many become suitable candidates for placement. As the Employer Relationship Consultant, this is where your role takes the lead. Your remit will be to develop new and existing business with medium and large employers in the area who will be interested in using your company`s staffing services to fulfil their recruitment needs. Your services are free to employers as would be expected, but an additional advantage is the revitalised talent that you and your team can supply. An example could be supplying staff to a hotel chain or new retail development. You will use your sales and listening skills to explain how your services could be of benefit to them and then arrange recruitment days in order for your employers to interview the most suitable candidates you have available. In a short space of time you will be able to develop a reputation for the quality control you exercise for your employers and become a real asset to them. To interview for this role you must have experience within recruitment or businesstobusiness sales. You will understand and possess the natural energy required to make sales calls to large employers and be able to convert these into accounts through a combination of your company`s name and your undoubted professionalism. You will fulfil a crucial role at the centre and will be successful if you can develop the relationships with employers that by ensuring that they receive the types of candidates for their roles. This post combines targeted aspects of sales with the ability to provide a service to your employers with their CSR and profile that will help unemployed customers back into employment, all within a structure operates very much like the recruitment industry. Hours are 9am  5pm Monday to Friday and benefits include **** days annual leave, generous pension, bonuses, employee benefits package and good prospects for career progression. You must be a car owner/driver as you will be meeting your existing employer accounts and prospective accounts on clientsite regularly. Please apply for more information about this opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmployerRelationshipConsultantSpecialistRecruitment_job****