Title: Trainer  Essex
Webindex: 68239825
Company: advantage
Description: Advantage Healthcare Group is recruiting for a Trainer to work for a local charity in the Essex area. Our client, a 'not for profit' organisation, is seeking an ambitious Trainer for their school in Colchester. This is a wonderful opportunity to join an excellent organisation who provide support and services to those affected by Autism. You will have previous experience in managing residential children's homes and a commitment to excellence, both in terms of quality of service and outcomes for young people. You will be reporting to The Director of Children's Services, ensuring the efficient and effective daytoday running of the residential services and to further develop the services to include: flexible residential services, respite, Holiday Clubs etc. You will possess:  Excellent leadership and staff management skills  Good understanding of business and finance  Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills  The ability to deliver in the home's Ofsted inspections  Good organisational skills  Passion, drive and resilience A Social Work Degree or Level 4 professional qualification relevant to working with children is essential, plus a Registered Manager's Award or level 4 management qualification. Alternatively, the new level 5 Diploma in Leadership (Children and Young People) is accepted. Substantial experience working with children, and experience supervising and managing professional staff is required. An attractive salary is offered for the role. In return you will be well supported and have the opportunity to develop your career within an excellent organisation. To be successful you must be able to supply references that cover recent skills and experience. To Apply: Apply online now enclosing your current CV and covering letter, alternatively call our Recruitment Line on **** **** **** **** To be successful you must be able to supply clinical references that cover recent skills and experience. Applicants subject to enhanced level CRB. Advantage Healthcare is an equal opportunities employer (Agy).