Title: TRAINEE CHEF/COMMIS CHEF
Webindex: 71882495
Company: BUCKSWOOD SCHOOL
Description: BUCKSWOOD SCHOOL  BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL A trainee chef is also known as an apprentice, junior or commis chef. Trainee chefs work in kitchens to learn what it takes to become a chef. As a trainee chef, you will study the functions of each kitchen section and spend time at each kitchen station to gain important work experience. We now need a new trainee or commis chef as our previous trainee is now one of our chefs. Education Since you will be working only as a junior chef, and it is understood that not everyone is academic, as long as you can demonstrate a good basic education there is no reason why you could not become a junior chef and progress with training to chef status. Skills If you have studied at a college with the idea of becoming a chef we would welcome your application. A certificate in food hygiene will be required but this too can be taken when you first start work. You will also be required to have child protection training and a fully enhanced CRB disclosure. You must also provide **** references. Trainee chefs must have excellent skills in attending to details. They must be able to make exact measurements according to recipes and perform well in a team. First aid skills are an advantage. Working Hours As a trainee chef, you will work in shifts during the kitches open hours. Be prepared to work late in the afternoons because there is a three course supper to prepare every evening for students and live in staff. As a trainee chef, you are expected to assist the head chef, sous chef, line chefs and other kitchen staff in food preparation. Your responsibility is to support kitchen staff in maintaining high standards. The head chef requires your assistance in ensuring that dishes are prepared and served on time. He might also need your help in developing menus and ensuring that safety and health standards in the kitchen are met. You are responsible for storing all leftover food and keeping kitchen and prep areas clean. Transport: We are semi rural  there is one bus per hour with a limited evening service so own transport would be preferable.