Title: PreSchool room leader required ASAP
Webindex: 69747221
Company: Connaught Resourcing Ltd 
Description: Connaught Education is currently looking for an experienced preschool room leader for a beauitful nursery based in the Sandwell area. Duties You will be required to take responsibility for drawing up long term, medium term and sessional curriculum plans which take in to account the requirements of the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) curriculum for guidance, and to monitor the effectiveness of the preschool s curriculum. **** To be responsible for providing a high quality of education and learning, ensuring that staff are properly deployed and offer appropriate stimulation and support to the children attending the preschool. To draw up and to supervise the daily programme of preschool activities and events. To be responsible for implementing systems of observation and record keeping so that children s progress and achievements are regularly assessed; to monitor the effectiveness of assessment procedures. To ensure that the welfare and safety of children is promoted within the preschool room and that any child protection concerns are always appropriately acted upon immediately. To ensure records are properly maintained and updated, e.g. daily attendance register, accident and incident book etc. To liaise closely with parents/carers, informing them about the preschool and its curriculum, exchanging information about children s progress and encouraging parents involvement. To ensure that the preschool is a safe environment for children, staff and others, that equipment is safe, standards of hygiene are high, safety procedures are implemented at all times and fire drills are regularly practiced. To ensure that accurate and uptodate record keeping systems are in place e.g. children s records of progress and any behavioural and development reports, any safeguarding issues, health and safety issues, notes taken at staff supervision meetings, details of targets set and of any performance concerns discussed. To undertake any other reasonable duties as directed by the owner, in accordance with the preschool s business plan/ Experience Three years experience of working in a preschool setting. CACHE Level II Diploma in Preschool Practice, NVQ level III or equivalent. Current First Aid certificate. Sound understanding of child development and of children s needs. Ability to plan and implement a preschool curriculum. Ability to work with parents and to encourage their involvement. Ability to lead a team of adults. Commitment to equal opportunities and understanding of religious and cultural diversity. Ability to write clear reports. Connaught Education operates as an Employment Business and an Employment Agency. We are a committed equal opportunities employer who respect and value cultural diversity. We are committed to supporting the welfare of children and young people. In support of current Safeguarding legislation and as a DfE Quality Mark agency, we will carry out background checks and an Enhanced CRB Disclosure as part of our recruitment and selection procedures