Title: Teacher of Music, Secondary Music Teacher
Webindex: 68691243
Company: Mana Resourcing
Description: JOB TITLE: TEACHER OF MUSIC for Easter 2013 Music Teacher, Secondary Music Teacher Mana Education is seeking to appoint a Music Teacher who is innovative and enthusiastic for one of our schools whose building OFSTED described as 'impressive and thoughtfully designed.' You will be joining their fantastic Arts College that has the best facilities available and whose results have improved year on year. There will also be the opportunity to work in a thriving 6th form team. The school offers an inspirational learning and working environment that aims to ensure the potential of all students is fully nurtured whatever their background or ability. The school is committed to the professional development of its staff and provides successful inhouse ITT mentoring, as well as NQT and leadership development programmes. All posts offer salaries above national pay scales. We are currently looking for a knowledgeable and enthusiastic Maths Teacher to teach Maths. We are keen to hear from all Maths Teachers looking for a full time role. We need you to have a love and passion for teaching and relevant teaching experience. Ideally you will have excellent keyboard skills, and be able to teach up to and including KS**** BTEC Music and/or A Level Music Technology. To be successful, you will:  Have the capacity to raise attainment through motivating and inspiring students  Help foster a culture of high expectations and achievement within the department  Have drive, enthusiasm, warmth and humour  Love your subject  Give over and above to support the wider life of the Academy SKILLS/EXPERIENCE: Qualified Teacher Status (QTS), PGCE or similar qualifications, Teaching Experience in the UK of at least 6 months. Experience and Newly Qualified. INDUSTRIES: Primary Schools, Secondary Schools, Pupil Referral Units, Academies, Special Schools, Independent Schools, Middle Schools, Junior Schools, Infant Schools, Grammar Schools. ALTERNATIVE: Teacher, Teach, Teaching, Tutor, Educate, Education, Head Teacher, Deputy Head Teacher, Class Teacher, Advanced Skills Teacher, Head of Department, Head of Year, Leader/Coordinator, Principal Teacher, Second in Charge, Subject Leadership/Excellence Teacher, Teacher The AGENCY As a complete Education Consultancy we also cater for Cover Supervisors, Adult Education, Assessors, Verifiers, Bursars, Education Administrators, ESOL Tutors, Trainers, Further Education (FE) Lecturers, Teaching Assistants, Classroom Assistants and Invigilators. Mana Education is a specialist recruitment company working within the Education sector. We are established to service and support the recruitment requirements of modern schools, colleges and nurseries, and Teachers alike. This role is commutable from: Rutland Leicestershire Northamptonshire Cambridgeshire Lincolnshire Bedfordshire Boston Donington Grantham Corby Glen Bourne Spalding Holbeach Long Sutton Kings Lynn Skegness Wisbech Downham Market Peterborough Market Deeping Stamford Cambridgshire Cambridge Peterborough Stamford Chatteris March Wisbech Downham Market Bourne Spalding Peterborough Rutland Oakham Melton Mowbray Uppingham Glaston This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TeacherofMusicSecondaryMusicTeacher_job****