Title: Support Workers in Ceredigion (FT, PT, Relief)  Learning Disability Charity
Webindex: 68548317
Company: CHM
Description: This is an exciting opportunity to work with our client, the leading voice of learning disability. Everything they do is about valuing and supporting people with a learning disability, and their families and carers. Support Workers Location: Ceredigion, Wales Salary: **** per annum  excellent benefits Hours: Full Time, Part Time Relief Hours Available Our client currently has several exciting opportunities within their organisation for full, part time and relief Support Workers to work in their Supported Living services across Ceredigion supporting adults with moderate to high learning disabilities. The position of Support Worker is varied and you will work with people they support to maximise their independent living skills and exercise as much choice and control over their lives as possible. Our client's aim is to support people to become as independent as possible. Experience is not as important as a willingness to learn and to see things from the point of view of the people they support. Full training will be provided. Good communication skills are essential as is IT literacy. You will be required to work on a rota basis which will include mornings, evenings, weekends and bank holidays. All posts include sleeping in duties. As well as a national recognised training programme within the charity sector they also provide excellent career development opportunities. In addition they can offer an attractive pension scheme, salary enhancements, interest free loans for season tickets, competitive holiday allowance, business mileage, childcare vouchers and much more An enhanced criminal record bureau check is required. Closing date: 29th January 2013. TO APPLY AND FOR FURTHER INFORMATION: Please click the apply button You will then receive an email from CHM Recruit with further details on who the Employer is, including a link to their website Once you have visited the Employer s website, please follow their instructions on how to complete the application Please note the job board may ask to upload your CV to register, but you will be required to complete an application form from the Employer s website. PLEASE NOTE: Our client does not accept CV s. Positive about Disabled People. No agencies please.