Title: Team Leader Fire Trainer  London
Webindex: 70762202
Company: Fusion People Ltd
Description: Do you have a background in Real Fire behaviour and breathing apparatus? Have you led a team? Do you have a training background in fire training? Do you have a background in delivering training to large and small groups? Do you have assessing experience? If you have answered yes to all of the above then please read on. Your responsibilities will be but not limited to the following: Line Manager of Senior Instructors, ensure high standards of delivery are achieved and seek continuous improvement Face to face delivery of training to small and large groups of learners. Line Manager for Senior Instructors and ensuring their competence to deliver training by complying with the Fit To Train policy. Setting high standards and acting as coach and mentor to Senior Instructors and developing and monitoring their personal development plans. Providing feedback on performance. Verification of trainers performance and PDP s Quality Control and ensuring that training is delivered in a safe and professional manner in accordance with the course materials and risk assessments. Confidentially and sensitively dealing with any welfare issues. Assessing learner and trainer performance, recording results and providing feedback and action plans. Managing physical training resources including venues, vehicles & equipment, ensuring security & suitability. Ensuring completion of course administration and other reports, including: learner attendance and nonattendance, assessment of performance, action plans, evaluation records, course summaries and similar. Providing advice and support as SME to Design Team and leading miscellaneous projects as required. Key Behavioural Competencies Apply now You must have the following to apply: Fire Service Knowledge  An understanding of Fire Service funding arrangements and government structures that oversee Fire Services training in the UK. A sound understanding of the Training Partnership Attained the appropriate technical qualifications (FBTI, BAI). Attained or working towards a recognised teaching qualification e.g. Certificate in Teaching in the Lifelong Learning Sector (PTLLS) Attained or working towards a recognised assessor qualification e.g. A**** NVQ Award in Level 3 Assessing Learners. Confident manner, organised and adaptable Good communicator Effective coaching skills Ability to give constructive feedback Natural ability to empathise with others Effective team worker Ability to analyse and solve problems Excellent presentation and facilitation skills  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business