Title: Head of MFL
Webindex: 71556332
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: This outstanding school with Languages Speciality is looking for a Head of MFL ( Modern Foreign Languages ) Department. Could this be the role for you??? Would the chance to join one of North West London s best renowned schools excite you??? Head of MFL ( Modern Foreign Languages ) Large Secondary Outstanding  Ofsted ****010 MPS/UPS  generous TLR Interviewing now from September ****13 West London Borough of Hillingdon This client school is recruiting for a Head of Modern Foreign Languages to join a well established and high achieving faculty from summer term 2012. The curriculum and achievements of the MFL department of this school are well above national averages. 82% of students gained AC in GCSE with 23% gaining A or A grades in 2010. My client school is looking for an exceptional teaching professional with leadership experience to take over the controls of a well established department. Your role will be to manage the MFL output of a busy department, be a figure head for fellow teachers and deliver high calibre classes in at least 2 modern European languages. The school expects teachers to incite students with a passion for the subject at hand and use personal experiences and passion to engage young learners that will encourage the very best in performance and consumption of the source materials. The exceptional extracurricular program provision provides over **** trips annually with 20 abroad, as far flung and as exotic as Chile and Peru. The MFL department also offer students support in exchange programmes in France, Spain, Germany and Italy. You will be enthusiastic to utilize the ICT and introduce innovative teaching methods to engage students at all levels and abilities. The ethos of the school demands that all students receive the best possible guidance and support to achieve their true potential and employ many forward thinking techniques to monitor learning success. Add in the fact you will work in a school that can boast a stable and mature Senior Leadership Team and a supportive group ethos, this is an opportunity not to be missed. For more information please Email your CV and covering letter to Phil at Edustaff