Title: Head of English required for September 2013
Webindex: 72339566
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Will you be looking for a new school as Head of English from September 201****? Are you a currently Head of English or an experienced English Teacher with some leadership experience, always willing to go above and beyond? Can you provide good to outstanding references to prove this fact? The position of Head of English has newly arisen due to promotion at a progressive comprehensive school located in South London from September 2013. Head of English Position English Teacher with proven Leadership skills September 2013 Start Permanent Position Generous TLR Popular, oversubscribed school A well established school located in South East London is hoping to appoint an innovative and inspirational leader to take on the role of Head of English from September 2013. COULD THIS BE YOU??? In this role as Head of English, the successful candidate can expect to lead a closeknit and friendly English team, teaching a subject which enjoys high levels of popularity amongst students of all ages and abilities. The department recently received a GOOD review from Ofsted, and wishes to only further its successes in the coming years. The school is set in traditional buildings with some great facilities. The English department is housed in a modern environment which includes a small, wellstocked library and smart boards in every classroom. English attracts large numbers of students for many reasons, up to and including ALevel. As Head of English, you will be responsible for teaching these eager students, many of whom go on to study English at university level. As Head of English and to apply, you ll need to have some proven leadership experience. You will also need to have had experience teaching across Key Stage 3 and **** and preferably, Key Stage 5. Most important of all, you ll need to be inspiring and passionate about English and the ways in which the subject is taught and been keen to become an admirable Head of Department amongst staff and parents. If you are interested in the Head of English position please email your CV to GRANT AT EDUSTAFF TODAY