Title: Supply Teachers  WORK AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY
Webindex: 71449094
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description:  Excellent opportunities for short term supply teachers  Great rates of pay  Work in some fantastic Secondary Schools in North and North West London  WORK AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY Are you an experienced teacher or an NQT who would like to try out some of North and North West Londons Secondary Schools for short term work? We are currently supplying all Schools in North and North West London with a range of subject specialist and also general cover teachers for assignments of varying length. Specialising in short term and supply work allows us to offer a range of opportunities at various schools, that will satisfy your short term requirements. We currently have a high demand for qualified teachers and can offer work placement on both a daily and weekly basis. We are a thriving agency that has solid relationships with Schools in North and North West London and therefore have large amounts of work which is currently available. If you are UK qualified or have a teaching qualification which is recognised in the UK then please send a copy of your current CV complete with contact telephone number so that we can arrange for you to register and then begin meeting our Schools on an introductory supply basis. It is worth noting that a large portion of longerterm and permanent assignments have begun by covering on a shortterm basis. Please email your CV to stuartdenniscareerteachers.co.ukAre you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.