Title: Employability Tutor  Foundation Learning
Webindex: 71186671
Company: Spirit Resourcing
Description: A National Training Provider is seeking an Employability Tutor to deliver teaching in employability and functional skills (Maths and English) up to level 2. The role will also incorporate the delivery of some business administration and customer service training to learners as well. Working from one of their major centres in Gateshead, you will play a key role in the centre`s service delivery by working with small groups of learners who are undertaking foundation learning courses. The process each learner follows incorporates classroombased learning provided by you and your cotutors, and will quickly evolve into a mixture of continued classroom learning and **** day per week work placements where possible. When they have achieved their foundation qualifications, in tandem with exposure to work experience, they then progress on to an apprenticeship or paid employment dependent on their age and experience. You will primarily be delivering employability training to your learners, but will also provide some vocational skills training where appropriate as well. Because of this, previous experience of teaching or assessing learners within the customer service/business admin field would be an advantage. Your experience will let you prepare your learners for what they can expect when they do progress onto apprenticeships or paid employment. To interview for this role you must have experience in the delivery of employability/FST training and coaching services to groups of learners. You must also possess a relevant teaching qualification with PTTLS as a minimum. Your class sizes will range ****5 learners with a mixture of young learners and those who have become unemployed through redundancy. This is a permanent post and benefits include 25 days annual leave, pension scheme, excellent training and employee benefits package. Please apply for more information about this opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmployabilityTutorFoundationLearning_job****