Title: PMLD Teacher required for SEN School in Croydon
Webindex: 69734994
Company: Capita Education
Description: I am currently seeking qualified, dedicated and passionate PMLD Teacher to cover Maternity Leave from Spring Half Term. The school is a specialist independent SEN School for pupils aged 319 years with profound & multiple learning difficulties, complex medical needs, degenerative conditions and additional sensory impairments. If you are interested in this position please call Louise Grady on **** **** **** or email your cv to louise.gradycapita.co.uk. The Special Educational Needs provision demands the very best in terms of commitment, understanding approach to the role. Working within SEN is a challenge bigger and more diverse than most and this is an educational sector for those seeking to get more from their teaching experience in an environment that is geared towards providing for those who have a variety of specific educational, social and interpersonal needs and difficulties. Our client schools specialise in providing education for young people with various Special Education Needs. Each school is geared towards supporting the young people and aims to assist them in developing their educational and social skills in a bespoke and understanding environment. Capita offers a comprehensive and dynamic recruitment experience, working with our teachers and support staff to provide a service that offers the best outcome for both our clients and candidates. Our SEN team are experts in the field of Special Educational Needs and all have experience of working with young people within this sector. We offer a wide variety of different educational settings for our teachers as well as both day to day and longer term bookings. We recognise the abilities of our SEN staff and as such upon successful application we offer very competitive rates of pay as well as ongoing CPD and Team Teach Training. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, agenda, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing approved payroll partner. We guarantee to increase your takehome pay compared to PAYE by offsetting legitimate business expenses against your income. Details provided upon application.