Title: Outstanding Opportunity for NQTs in Greenwich
Webindex: 70167656
Company: Academics Ltd
Description: Outstanding Opportunity for NQTs in Greenwich Immediate Start Permanent Post School rated as good in recent OFSTED Supportive Head Teacher Good transport links Are you an enthusiastic, UK trained Key Stage **** teacher with QTS who has the potential to get the best out of children of mixed ability? The job is permanent and the Head is looking to start the position ASAP due to a member of staff leaving the school. My client is a two form entry community junior school the London Borough of Greenwich. The school catchment area covers an area that is quite deprived and has a large percentage of ethnic minorities. As a result the school has a highly multicultural mix and a large proportion of pupils are EAL, the provision for EAL in the school is very good and the successful applicant would have plenty of support both inside and outside the classroom. SEN provision in the school is good but the senior management has recognized that there are areas to improve and there will be more SEN specialist support in the school from September. Throughout the coming year there will be significant investment in this aspect of the schools educational provision. Pupils do enjoy being at the school and parents on the whole are responsive and supportive of the school. The school has forged excellent relationships with the community and local enterprise and as a result the extended services offered are oversubscribed. The school has 2 well appointed IT suites, a highly impressive music suite and **** acres of playing fields. Morale amongst the staff is high as recent OFSTED results have quantified the significant improvements that that have been made at the school in recent years. Employees also commented on the schools long term vision with respect to their staff as the senior management team seeks to encourage staff to take their CPD seriously and support them to improve as teachers. As a result staff turnover is lower than the average for the borough that said there is a good mix of youth and experience amongst the staff. The Head Teacher has indicated to me that this role would be suitable for NQT?s and overseas trained applicants who have gained their QTS. Interviews will be conducted straight after half term so applicants must apply NOW. For more information please contact Academics on **** or email your CV to me today