Title: Affiliate Team Manager
Webindex: 71882824
Company: PFJ
Description: The Role A small but wellestablished affiliate network is seeking a hardworking, confident, and dedicated Affiliate Team Manager. This is a great opportunity for a person who wants to move into a position of greater responsibility. Working for a small company offers the chance to gain much wider experience and develop new skills fast. The primary function of the role is to increase the revenues generated by their affiliates, monthonmonth. This will achieved by effective management of the Affiliate Team, acting as an ambassador for the company, and utilising and developing your own contacts within the affiliate world. As Affiliate Team Manager your job will not normally involve direct daytoday management of affiliates. Instead you will oversee and analyse the work of the Affiliate Team and lead them in handling the affiliate and admin work. Your Profile With at least two years experience of affiliate marketing at a network, agency or merchant, the successful candidate will have proven management experience. With two direct reports, this position could suit either for a junior manager seeking more responsibility or a more senior manager seeking more autonomy and input into the direction of a business. You must have a clear understanding of what makes an affiliate campaign work and what will cause a campaign to fail. Good affiliate contacts and relationships will be an advantage. The Client My Client is an affiliate network business founded 4 years ago. Their main focus as a network is driving sales for their clients via email affiliates. They have around **** active campaigns and approx. **** active affiliates. As a business they own and operate a proprietary affiliate tracking and network platform. They are a small team with ambitions to grow rapidly over the next 12 months. They are a fantastic place to work and due to the size of the business, there are great opportunities to learn new skills and take on additional responsibility. If you feel you match the above criteria please apply below or give David Guy a call on no: ****