Title: SEN Teacher Ipswich
Webindex: 70761862
Company: Simply Education
Description: The school provides a modern, high quality service for difficulttoplace young people. The home was created by a group of experienced care sector professionals who strongly believe in applying creative, refreshing ideas to working with this particular client group. They aim to deliver an outstanding environment coupled with innovative therapeutic care, all in a nurturing setting. Their vision is to provide a familyhome experience and and to take time to listen, learn and work together to find a suitable approach that helps these young people reach positive outcomes.The position is to tutor one pupil of 15 years old but with the future opportunity of managing the school who have a full enrolment of **** students. The full role is required including planning and preparation, supporting the pupil through the curriculum in addition to being aware of the pupils Emotional Behavioural Difficulty Needs (EBD). At a time when the service is undergoing important development work we require an experienced candidate to ensure the potential of the school alongside the home is attained. Whilst striving for good outcomes the ethos of the school provision is to teach by stage, not age. The success of the school is underpinned by an understanding of the effects on children and young people who have experienced disruption and adversity and have difficulty relating to learning and making attachments. The Senior Special Education Needs (SEN) QTS teacher will share responsibility for the management of the education programme and work alongside the Registered Manager as well as Ofsted to ensure a good rating. The successful candidate will be innovative, creative patient and resilient in equal measure. For this individual to flourish there is a meaningful support and remuneration package which includes access to an Education Consultant as well as regular supervision and ongoing professional development. As the successful Senior Special Education Needs (SEN) Teacher you will need to be;  Newly Qualified Teacher (NQT) or have Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) with a PGCE, GTP or Bachelor of education.  Have the ability and experience of teaching between **** age group.  Strong classroom management skills.  Able to deal with challenging behaviour and a patient/creative approach is necessary.  Have the ability and experience of supporting SEN pupils in the **** age groups.  Be able to use own initiative and work as part of a team  Ideally have the Team Teach certificate.  Able to deal with challenging behaviour and a patient and creative approach is necessary.  Able to deal with the challenges that are connected with Hearing Impairments. The key benefits for working with Simply Education are;  Your own dedicated SEN school consultant  A variety of daily and long term positions to suit your needs  Competitive rates of pay, expenses and petrol allowance  twentyfour/seven access to your dedicated consultant via phone  Minimal administration (no timesheets)  Email and SMS verification of bookings  Online diary of bookings, school directions  Pounds**** referral scheme