Title: Childrens Activity Coordinator
Webindex: 69769305
Company: David Lloyd
Description: Main Responsibilities: I need to: • As part of the club team ensure that I support the clubs work in member satisfaction and member count growth by ensuring that the children's programmes match the needs of our family members in terms of activitities on offer, coach expertise and session deliverty consistency. • Proactively contribute to the club ‘Annual Operating Plan’; making recommendations that will ultimately deliver the club’s targets and profit loss performance. • Ensure that I maximise value for money for members, grow sales, drive retention and reduce attrition through the key tasks of member engagement, enhancing Brand Standards and member participation. • Ensure that myself and the team contribute to the open and close duties required for the club to operate. • Ensure that myself and the team deliver the David Lloyd Brand Standards and other operational requirements of the Childrens Safety Guide to ensure that the needs of the children are a priority in line with the guide. With my people/team I need to: • Recruit and develop team members to the DLL standard (expertise, skills and values driven behaviour). • Be a role model for and lead and inspire my team to successfully perform and exceed against the business goals. • Let them know how they are performing by carrying out regular one to ones and formal Performance and Development Reviews. • Ensure that my team are really clear on our performance standards and I know how to get the best out of each of them. • Always listen, understand, reflect and then act. • Ensure that my team have the knowledge, experience and understanding of the products and services and know how to deliver our member experience. • Demonstrate growth in our people by developing their competence and capabilities and capture within their Personal Development Plans. • Value and recognise my team appropriately. • Proactively develop the strengths and talent, towards future succession. • Ensure that the David Lloyd Kids Coaches look after the children with absolute diligence and compliance to our Health Safety requirements and standards of care. You are responsible and accountable for their actions. With my members I need to: • Support the Sports Manager interacting and communicating with members and actively promoting ways to add value to the David Lloyd Kids service offering. Ensuring that complaints are responded to effectively in the club – channels of communication include (but are not exclusive to) comment cards, members survey, mystery members, member forums and sales membership team. • Ensure that the David Lloyd Kids Team delivers a great service to all our members and that the team strive to improve member engagement. • Work with the reception team to ensure that the reception team book David Lloyd kids products, courses and classes compliant to the bookings policy. How will I know I’ve been successful? • Growth and retention of members that are families with children Member Focus. • Achievement of targets for Children’s Parties and Events Excellence. • Achievement of targets for Holiday active Excellence. • Participation of David Lloyd Kids Programme Inspiration and Passion. • Family ‘Maximise your Membership’ attendance Member Focus.