Title: Editorial Assistant
Webindex: 71880079
Company: PFJ
Description: Editorial Assistant The Company Our client is a leading supplier of specialist information services to health, safety and environment professionals. They have developed a comprehensive range of key resources which help professionals understand complex areas of information, reduce risk and manage projects  these include technical guides, factsheets, forms and checklists and webinar presentations. Editorial Assistant The Role To support the Commissioning Editor in the management and development of content for the service and any other new services which the client might decide to develop within the Health, Safety and Environment arena. This includes editing and/or commissioning the content for the weekly current awareness emails across all topic areas and assuming responsibility for the production element of the content. Main duties and responsibilities: Manage the production process of the weekly email including: liaise with proof reader in getting all copy checked make amendments to copy and prepare it for the Content Management System (CMS) load copy onto the CMS creation of pdf file versions. Construct the weekly email using Adestra, selecting images where appropriate and ensuring links are working. Ensure the service homepage is kept uptodate with latest news/prosecution stories. Ensure document summaries are loaded onto the service on a weekly basis. Create Document Briefing for existing customers bimonthly. Manage HTML text records. Update, amend and add links to text as directed using the CMS. Source and select news items/cases/documents/legislation for inclusion in the emails/full text services in line with the editorial scope. Edit copy from external writers. Visit customers and prospects from time to time to gather feedback Editorial assistant Your Profile The successful applicant will possess the following skills/experience: Experience in a business/b2b publishing editorial/production role. Basic understanding of HTML Experience using CMS and email software Attention to detail A desire to work in a publishing role which has strict deadlines and requires someone who will role their sleeves up and get involved in an integral team role. Editorial Assistant Apply To apply for the role, please apply with a CV and cover letter via this page. To keep up to date with all of our latest Editorial and Content roles you can follow us on Twitter: pfjeditorialjob and benhewis