Title: Food Technology and DT Teacher
Webindex: 69209703
Company: Career Teachers
Description:  Food Technology and DT Teacher  January 2013  East London/Essex Borders  Excellent facilities and leadership  ?Outstanding? Ofsted A leading school in the East London/Essex borders has an exciting opportunity for a qualified Food Technology teacher to join them ASAP covering a long term sickness. The post will also offer opportunity to work with in aspects of DT if you possess the relevant experience The school is looking to recruit a teacher who can confidently deliver Food Technology up to and including GCSE. Technology is a strong department in the school and is a popular subject with students. You will be working in a faculty with state of the art facilities and resources including interactive whiteboards and a host of resources. There are currently **** full time teachers in the department including an AST (Advanced Skills Teacher) and an outstanding HOD. There is a strong senior management team in place with excellent internal support mechanisms and policies in place for managing and preventing challenging behaviour. CVs are being shortlisted asap so please submit your details at your earliest convenience in order to be considered . Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.