Title: High LevelTeaching Assistant
Webindex: 72251151
Company: TRADEWIND RECRUITMENT
Description: Walsall Are you an enthusiastic Higher Level Teaching Assistant? We are looking to appoint an enthusiastic HLTA to join one of our schools situated in Walsall from February ****0****3 on a long term basis. Our client is based in the heart of Walsall and is a highly successful primary school. This school has a very good academic record and a strong dedication to creativity, the arts, science and sport. It is a friendly school with confident pupils who are high achievers. Pupils have excellent behaviour and are very focused on their learning. This school is a three form entry school and is close to public transport links and serves a very diverse community. We are looking for someone who delivers high quality support with high expectations of all pupils; someone who has a positive approach to challenge and change and who will bring enthusiasm and inspiration to our community. In addition to this we require someone who:  Is enthusiastic, hardworking, and professional.  Has excellent oral, written and numeracy skills.  Is able to communicate effectively with children, staff and parents.  Has a good working knowledge and experience of Foundation Stage, Key Stage 1 and Key Stage 2.  Is creative, innovative and forward thinking.  Has the ability to work on own initiative.  Be flexible to the needs of the school with an 'I can do attitude'.  You will need to hold the HLTA Level 4 qualifications and have good oral, written and numeracy skills. If you are interested in this exciting opportunity please apply today REQUIREMENTS The successful candidates will be confident and have a positive approach, as well as having relevant teaching qualifications, the right to work in the UK, 2 professional teaching references from within the last 2 years and a valid CRB. With top rates of pay and the highest standard of customer service at the cornerstone of our beliefs, Tradewind should be your only point of call when looking for a new role.