Title: CRB Checked Higher Level Teaching Assistant
Webindex: 68371356
Company: CLEAR EDUCATION
Description: HIGHER LEVEL TEACHING ASSISTANT Secondary/Special Candidates must have experience of working in secondary schools and ideally with SEN, MLD, SLD, ASD or EBD. We will renew a CRB but the candidate must already have one in place as the role is to start immediately. We also have permanent roles to start in January. Not only are we looking for a HLTA in Manchester we also recruit for schools nationally so if you are looking to relocate or work in an area other than Manchester please still apply. Support for the Pupils/families Assess, manage and deliver pastoral and learning support. Provide feedback to pupils in relation to progress and achievement. To work with pupils, understanding how to motivate and encourage them to achieve and develop. To work with the SENCO and other teachers to develop and implement IEPs and behaviour mentoring plans. To understand the individual needs of pupils and be responsible for advising them on social, health and hygiene development. To deal with minor incidents and the health and hygiene of the pupils and where necessary, escort them home. Promote the inclusion and acceptance of all pupils within the classroom. Encourage pupils to interact and work cooperatively with others and engage in all activities. To read with individual children and groups and complete reading records as directed by the class teacher. Support for the Teachers Within an agreed system of supervision, to work with the teacher to develop lessons, work plans and the classroom environment. To record the progress of pupils through exams and tests. To feedback the achievements of pupils to colleagues through the agreed monitoring systems. To report on pupil achievements and adjust their work as necessary. To establish and maintain constructive relationships with parents/carers by:  supporting their role in pupils learning,  providing constructive feedback on pupils progress and achievements,  facilitating their support for their child s attendance and,  support home to school/community links. To take a lead role in planning, development and organisation of systems/procedures/policies. To lead on developing behaviour strategies. To be proactive in managing behaviour promote self control, independence and integration. To provide other administrative support including dealing with photocopying, correspondence, compilation/analysis/reporting on attendance, exclusions etc, making phone calls etc and liaison with relevant bodies (for example, feeder schools). To work within an agreed system of supervision with small groups of pupils and to take responsibility for their learning. To accompany teachers and classes on educational visits. To work with the class teacher in dealing with finished work and preparing displays and filing work To work with small groups of pupils and to take responsibility for their learning Support for the School To undertake line management responsibilities where appropriate including: Manage other Teaching Assistants Liaise between managers/teaching staff and Teaching Assistants Hold regular team meetings with managed staff Represent Teaching Assistants at teaching staff/management/other appropriate meetings Undertake recruitment/induction/appraisal/training/mentoring for other Teaching Assistants Be aware of and comply with policies and procedures relating to child protection, health and safety, security and confidentiality, reporting all concerns to an appropriate person. Be aware of and support differences and ensure all pupils have equal access to opportunities to learn and develop. Contribute to overall ethos/work/aims of the school. Establish constructive relationships and communicate with other agencies/professionals, in liaison with the teacher, to support achievement and progress of pupils. Recognise own strengths and areas of specialist expertise and use these to lead, advise and support others. Contribute to the identification and running of appropriate out of school learning activities which consolidate and extend work carried out in class. Lead for the whole school in specialist area and share expertise and skills with others. Be responsible for the provision and delivery of out of school learning activities for example, clubs, extracurricular activities within guidelines established by the school. Attend and participate in regular meetings, and in training and other activities as required. To assist in the general care of the school environment by undertaking tidying of general areas (staff room, fridge etc). To attend meetings with line managers as required. To promote equal opportunities at all times. To work with the Line Manager about timetable arrangements, and when appropriate, be responsible for arranging cover when Teaching Assistants are absent. To work with the lead teacher for Teaching Assistants in supporting and maintaining the appraisal system for Teaching Assistants. To undertake the invigilation of tests. Support for the Curriculum Be responsible for the management of stock levels and for the maintenance/quality/safety of specialist equipment. Within an agreed system of supervision, deliver learning and teaching activities and adjust these where necessary. Actively investigate courses and activities outside of the school. Advise, demonstrate and assist in the safe and effective use of specialist equipment/materials, including use of ICT. Determine need for, select and prepare the use of specialist equipment, plans and resources necessary to both lead and support learning activities, taking into account pupils interests, language and cultural backgrounds. Special Educational Needs Determine need for, select and prepare the use of specialist equipment, plans and resources necessary to both lead and support learning activities, taking into account pupils interests, language and cultural backgrounds. Take a lead role in the provision of support for children with special needs. Establish and develop productive working relationships with pupils acting as a role model and developing ****:**** mentoring arrangements and providing support for distressed pupils. To work cooperatively with other members of staff, attending halftermly meetings with the Head and/or Deputy Head Teacher.