Title: English Teacher Required In Stoke on Trent
Webindex: 69538455
Company: TeacherActive
Description: A friendly Stoke on Trent school is currently looking to recruit a qualified English Teacher to cover a temporary position, starting as soon as possible. With a forward thinking approach to teaching, and high standards of education and discipline, this school requires a candidate that can maintain these ideals. The opportunity is there for the right candidate to move forward into a longerterm position. Applicant must have a strong knowledge of the English curriculum across KS**** to KS**** is essential. Ideal candidates must have the following attributes: Degree qualified and UK QTS Experience in a mainstream school Committed and enthusiastic attitude towards developing a teaching career Strong presence and an approachable, supportive character NQTs are welcome to apply As a member of the TeacherActive supply team you should expect to enjoy the following benefits: Market leading daily rates of pay Ability to claim back expenses incurred through working Enhanced CRB disclosure at discounted rates, refundable after 10 days of working  A dedicated team of consultants with an indepth knowledge of our industry Please contact us on **** to discuss options. Alternatively email your CV to All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then be invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service, and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services. All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive