Title: Early Years Leader (Reception)
Webindex: 71556380
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Early Years Leader September 2013 permanent contract  **** form entry Primary School Implements a creative curriculum Situated in Barnet North London Consistently graded Good aiming for Outstanding Excellent SLT  Become part of the school SMT  Excellent CPD opportunities MPS  TLR (additional responsibility) Interviews week beginning 4th March APPLY TODAY Are you an experienced and hard working Reception Teacher ready for the next step in your career? Are you actively seeking a lead teacher post as well as becoming an active member of the schools SMT (Senior Management Team)? Are you looking to join a school who run a creative curriculum? My client school is a small and very welcoming **** form entry situated within a residential area in the North of Barnet in North London. The school has ample on site parking and is only situated a **** minute walk or short bus ride from the nearest underground station (Northern Line). The head teacher learning and development. This is a wonderful school which has high expectations as its core and could be the perfect environment in which to develop your management skills. The position is to become the early years leader, in which you will manage and organise your team as well as become part of the SMT; involved in decision for whole school strategy. The head teacher is keen to appoint an aspiring early years leader keen to make the step up into a management position and develop with the school on its journey to becoming an Outstanding school. The head teacher has highlighted some key areas that all applicants will need if they are to be successful:  Experience within Reception  Ideally having had previous responsibility  Good subject knowledge  Creativity  Good rapport with pupils, parents & colleagues  Team player  Strong classroom practitioner  Confident with ICT (school awarded ICT quality mark)  Ambitious, hardworking and committed If this school sounds like the perfect opportunity and the kind of environment you would like to develop your career in, please do get in touch ASAP with the head teacher looking to interview along with governors on the week beginning 4th March. Please email your CV to me ASAP for consideration