Title: Calling all Milton Keynes English Teachers
Webindex: 72451501
Company: Teachin
Description: English Teacher Needed in Milton Keynes Teach In Buckinghamshire are currently looking to appoint an English Teacher to start immediately at a good school in Milton Keynes. This is an opportunity to join an interactive and lively school where you`re ideas and creativity will be valued. This is a school which is easily accessible and well served by public transport. The school is located in the Buckinghamshire area and has great links with public transport. The school has good exam results which are consitantly rising and who are focused on continuing this. This is a wellresourced school, with excellent facilities which all help the teachers provide students with the best education possible. Students appreciate the good impact the school is having on their lives and speak positively about its Choices and Consequences procedure and restorative justice system, from which all are benefiting. You will need to be qualified with a PGCE, GTP, Bachelor of Education, or equivalent if you are an overseas trained teacher. Along with this there is also a competitive salary available. The successful candidates will be able to demonstrate: o An ability to Deliver Effective English Lessons to Secondary Students o Excellent Behaviour Management Skills o Passion and Enthusiasm for Teaching If you are interested in this role or any other role within the Buckinghamshire area please contact me at navjit.panesarteachin.co.uk or call me on **** **** **** As part of the UK`s leading education supplier, Teach In is the obvious choice for teachers looking for the right role in the right school. Our career managers work hard and efficiently to give you the opportunity to move your teaching career in the right direction. We are looking for first rate teachers and in return we offer great rates of pay and a friendly, professional service We have strong relationships with all major schools in the area so if you have the talent to teach and are equipped with the requisite qualifications, apply today and we`ll find the right role for you. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Due to the overwhelming response to online advertising, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CallingallMiltonKeynesEnglishTeachers_job****