Title: Year 1 Teacher
Webindex: 66502201
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: We are currently looking for a Year 1 Teacher to join a friendly and experienced team in a **** form entry primary school in Redbridge. This is a full time post for starting ASAP for the full academic year, however there is an opportunity for this role to be extended. A clear understanding of the National Curriculum is essential for the development of the mixed ability students. You will have the opportunity to team teach and share planning with the other Year 1 teachers. The school has recently been extended and is well resourced. The school has recently received a good Ofsted, and has a supportive senior management team. In line with our recruitment and safeguarding guidelines we will require a current CRB or you will be willing to complete a new application, you will be able to provide referee details and you will be eligible to work in the UK with a valid teaching qualification. You may also hold a valid teaching qualification from overseas that has been assessed by UK Naric and have either gained your QTS (Qualified Teacher Status) or be within your **** year limit. If you could be interested in this role or wish to discuss it further please contact Louise JacksonSmith on **** **** **** or send an CV emailed to louisejacksoncareerteachers.co.uk Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.