Title: PA to the Headteacher
Webindex: 69144743
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: Do you have experience of working as a Personal Assistant (PA)? Would you like to work as a PA to a Headteacher at a fantastic Primary School, located within central Birmingham? Are you looking for a full time & long term position, to start immediately, until the end of the academic year in August 2013? If so, then this excellent opportunity could be the one for you… Personal Assistant to the Headteacher Primary School Handsworth, Birmingham Immediate start Full time & Long term – Until August 2013 **** per full day Fantastic Headteacher A Supportive Primary School located in Handsworth, Birmingham are looking to appoint a PA to their Headteacher. The school are seeking someone who has relevant personal assistant experience. This PA role is an immediate start, full time, until the end of the academic year in August 2013. The school is located near several bus stops, of which go in several directions and is not too far from the city centre, making it easy to commute to. The school will also offer the successful PA to the Headteacher onsite car parking, should you drive. In your role as a PA to the Headteacher your main duties will include writing letters on the Headteacher’s behalf, organising meetings, attending project managers meetings, typing dictated letters and some general admin. As the successful PA to the Headteacher, you must ensure the Headteacher is briefed for all meetings with relevant correspondence, documents/presentations and in the Headteachers’ absence refer matters to relevant member of Senior Leadership Team. Your management of correspondence and records within the school will be key. The successful PA to the Headteacher should be able to demonstrate a high level of secretarial skills and have previous experience of working as a PA. School experience is desirable but not essential. The school are seeking to appoint someone as soon as possible with interviews being held immediately, so if you're interested in applying please email your CV ASAP to Alfie at Edustaff today to avoid missing out on this excellent opportunity. Please note, only successful candidates will be contacted.