Title: SEN Teaching Assistant Jobs, Dartford Area
Webindex: 68205972
Company: Capita Education
Description: TEMPORARY SEN TEACHING ASSISTANT JOBS DARTFORD AND GRAVESEND, KENT  COMPLEX NEEDS Pay: ****  **** per day depending on experience Start: ASAP Are you an experienced SEN Teaching Assistant looking for a Teaching Assistant job in the Dartford and Gravesend area? Do you have mainstream SEN experience and have an interest in working within dedicated SEN schools within the Dartford and Gravesend areas? Capita Education's dedicated SEN Division is looking for SEN Teaching Assistants to provide cover for both daily and longterm posts in the Dartford and Gravesend areas. In particular, we are keen to recruit SEN Teaching Assistants with experience of working with children and young people with SEN requirements including complex, severe and more profound needs ranging from sensory impairment, physical disabilities, Autism, and medical or behavioural needs. We would like to speak to individuals who:  Have at least 6 months experience within an educational setting whether this be SEN Early Years, Primary or Secondary level  Have a calm and patient manner with the ability to communicate well with others including Teachers, Parents and other outside agencies Also, we are very keen to speak to those SEN Teaching Assistants who wan offer specialist skills and training such as sign language (e.g. British Sign Language, Makaton, SignaLong), PECS or manual handling At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school settings and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated and experience Consultant within SEN education  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level ranging from day to day cover and longterm assignments  Competitive rates of pay  Excellent opportunities for CPD Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding role as an SEN Teaching Assistant, please contact Tara Lancaster at Capita Education.