Title: Qualified Teachers required for Birmingham Schools
Webindex: 68700468
Company: PK Education
Description: Fully Qualified Primary Teachers required to teach classes of mixed abilities in a wide range of Birmingham Primary Schools as a supply teacher. The successful applicants will have excellent behavioural strategies and a strong, directive presence within the classroom environment. To apply for this position, you must have the following skills and attributes: An enthusiastic, wellmotivated and talented classroom practitioner An ability to inspire children, staff and parents alike Excellent knowledge of the National Curriculum A friendly caring nature The capacity to identify and target specific, individual needs Keen to learn and develop professionally Can create an environment that nurtures and stimulates positive attitudes, independence and an innovative approach to facilitating learning and teaching Please call PK Education for further details All candidates are subject to List **** checks, must provide a recent Criminal records Bureau check and also be able to provide two references from each of their last two teaching posts. PK Education offer competitive rates of pay, an individual service for every candidate and on going opportunities within a wide range of Birmingham Primary schools. With the help of our experience, knowledge and contacts in local schools we can help you secure work for January, whether that is a contract, or flexible day to day work. On top of all this we will offer you: A competitive salary Your own consultant who will actually listen to what you want Work very local to where you live giving you work life balance Help and Advice relative to your Career As much work as you want PK Education is an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from instructors, overseas trained teachers and qualified teachers. As long as you have a real passion for teaching and for inspiring the youth of today, you can communicate well with your consultant and go that extra mile for all of our clients we could have the ideal solution for you Here at P K Education you won't just be treated as a 'number' but as a teacher, your consultant will offer you the personalised service that you deserve. SO WHY NOT PICK UP THE PHONE OR SEND AN EMAIL TO SEE IF WE CAN HELP. WE LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING FROM YOU Awarded DFE Accreditation Quality Mark for last four years Please contact Keith for more information or email your CV .PK Education Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. PK Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Criminal Records Bureau. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualifiedTeachersrequiredforBirminghamSchools_job****