Title: English NQT or QTS Teacher  Birmingham School
Webindex: 69733372
Company: Capita Education
Description: English NQT or QTS Teacher Birmingham Area **** Per Day KS****&**** English to start in Jan 2013 We are currently looking for a NQT or QTS English Teacher to work in a secondary school in Birmingham. This school encourages the students to excel not only academically, but also in extra curricular activities. They are looking for a strong Teacher to maintain and further increase the standards within the department. This could be just the right time to join the teaching team at this lovely school, initially for 5 days a week on supply basis. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet out total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this local Secondary School you will be:  An NQT or QTS English Teacher with a real passion for your subject  Able to inspire and motivate children of mixed abilities to enjoy and improve their confidence with English  An individual with excellent classroom management  A great role model with a real sense of responsibility  Approachable and have a calm and communicative approach to problem solving  Able to demonstrate the ability to makes English fun, inspiring and encourage results At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:   The support of a dedicated Secondary Consultant  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  Wonderful facilities at school level We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. For further details about this role please contact Claire Warburton on **** or send your CV to claire.warburtoncapita.co.uk.