Title: Secondary Teaching posts  September 2013
Webindex: 69205996
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: Are you currently seeking a consultancy with your best interest at heart? Are you looking for your first or next role within secondary teaching? Can you provide excellent references from your previous employer or university placements? Various Secondary Teaching post English, Maths, Science, Humanities and ICT All positions open to NQTs and experienced teachers Long Term and permanent role available September starts MPS/UPS Varying school from Good to Outstanding Position available in various locations, Sandwell, Dudley and Worcestershire All candidates must have QTS to be considered Edustaff is an education recruitment consultancy providing permanent, long term and interim staffing solutions to schools and teachers and support in the UK and most recently internationally. Please note: Edustaff do not cover day to day roles We pride ourselves on providing quality candidates for all school vacancies, stringent security and vetting procedures and honest and professional assistance. Most of our schools have started the recruitment process for September 2013. The following places have arisen, English, Science (All), Maths, Humanities (All) and ICT. If you are qualified in above subjects we would like to hear from Edustaff work with a number of schools across the West Midlands area ranging from ?Good? to ?Outstanding? by Ofsted. Vacancies we work on range from long term, through to permanent roles. We work on finding you the most suitable placement, which will help you develop and flourish in your career. In order to be successful during the application process, you will need to be fully secondary trained with QTS, flexible on travel locations, reliable, friendly and provide first rate teaching. If you would like more information regarding long term and permanent roles or more information about Edustaff, please send your CV and covering letter to Cassandra at Edustaff. Edustaff work on behalf of our clients to provide the best quality candidates. All placements will be subject to satisfactory references. You application will be shortlisted by our clients, if you are not contacted within 7days, please assume you have been unsuccessful for the role.