Title: Business teacher
Webindex: 69205486
Company: ITN Mark Education Birmingham
Description: Business Studies Teacher ITN Mark Education would like to welcome an accomplished Business Studies Teacher to apply for this vacancy to start January 2013. This Secondary School is an **** business and enterprise school based in central Coventry. Teaching at this school is very rewarding, there are high expectations of students and all of their staff make a big contribution to their students success. The staff and pupils take pride in their school and are very friendly and supportive. We are looking for an outstanding Business Studies Teacher to maintain a high standard of teaching levels in order to meet and exceed teaching and learning targets. You will need to be resourceful and creative in your teaching approach and have excellent time management skills. The successful candidate will be able to teach Business Studies at BTEC level. Successful Secondary Teachers must have:  QTS & eligibility to work within the UK  Promote equal opportunities in the classroom  Extensive subject knowledge  Think and plan strategically  Commitment to learning and development of pupils  Teach at a consistently good and outstanding level  Have strong interpersonal skills to effectively communicate with staff, parents and students  Experienced Secondary Teachers and NQTs welcome Benefits of working through ITN Mark Education:  Continued professional development for Secondary Teachers  Work in local Secondary Schools  Weekly pay for Secondary Teachers  Refer a friend to ITN Mark (must have worked for 25 days) and receive **** worth of capital bond vouchers. As DfE Quality Mark holders, ITN Mark Education requires all Secondary Teachers to have a fully enhanced CRB check, minimum of two references plus a face to face interview. If you are motivated and aim to enhance the educational experience of the children that you work with, please contact Nikky on [contact details removed] or send your CV to [contact details removed] Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.