Title: Senior Online Content Executive  Global Travel Brand  ****k
Webindex: 68368259
Company: PROFILES CREATIVE
Description: Senior Online Content Executive  Global Travel Brand  Salary ****k  benefits A great opportunity for a Senior Online Content Executive has arisen for a fantastic global travel company based in Surrey, just **** minutes from Central London. This is a fantastic chance to work with an international Travel company with three different branded sites and work closely with Marketing and PR teams to have UK and Ireland reach. Senior Online Content Executive the role: Working directly with the Head of Marketing, Marketing Managers and the US based social media team you will be delivering online content strategy and optimizing local digital content whilst understanding the Global environment to maximise conversion and deliver a great consumer experience over the companies multiple brand sites. Senior Online Content Executive responsibilities:  Overall responsibility for updating content  Working alongside the Brand and PR teams to ensure product updates are implemented across the websites and social media  Working with external agencies to deliver content strategy that meets SEO standards, and supports our keyword strategic focuses, across the three branded websites.  Source, edit, write and publish local content alongside maximising the use of global content within the formats available, so the content is suitable for all the UK and Ireland websites.  Review content against KPI's, identifying improvements and creating plans to increase conversion across company's three brand websites.  Support Online Marketing Manager and Online Promotions Executive to deliver online campaigns in a timely manner utilising all available resources and systems.  Work crossfunctionally with marketing/PR teams and UX agency to capture customer feedback.  Ensure that customer journey and content considerations are captured across all online local and global Projects and developments for the UK and Ireland. Technical skills/experience: Must have at least 2 years' experience working in website content management. Experience in managing and working with agencies. Must have a proven retail website background with experience of maximising customer usability to deliver change. Proven experience of delivering content that takes account of SEO best practice. APPLY: Please apply through this portal for the Senior Online Content Executive role or feel free to contact Andrew Simon on **** **** **** or andrewprofilescreative.com for a confidential discussion about this or other roles we are recruiting for.