Title: Area Manager  Work Based Learning, South, Home Based
Webindex: 68671456
Company: Pam Jones Recruitment
Description: This is a key operational role in which the post holder will have full responsibility for ensuring high quality delivery and exceptional learner outcomes across a number of areas. Please note the position is home based and the post holder can be based in any central south location. With management responsibility for a team of assessors, the Area Manager will be responsible for the development and implementation of new Apprenticeship frameworks in line with local skills strategies, driving forward TQ’s employer based training programmes through a new robust performance management framework to ensure contracted outcomes and volumes are met or exceeded. As well as developing and maintaining excellent working relationships with key external stakeholders creating progression routes for learners from entry programmes to Apprenticeships, or other workplace learning, the Area Manager will be responsible for fostering excellent productive external relationships with funding bodies, city strategies, schools, local authorities and other relevant local strategic partnerships. Experience of work based learning, awarding bodies and funding contracts would therefore be of benefit. Due to restructuring this is a newly created position that offers an opportunity for a successful Area Manager / Business Manager or Curriculum Development Manager to drive the business forward and have a key input. Skills and Experience: Extensive Operational experience at Senior Level To be qualified to level 4 or above in Management of Teaching and Learning Have proven track record of successful leadership within an ambitious performance driven environment Maintain a highly visible presence that motivates staff and drives improvement and efficiencies from core business operations Possess high energy, be passionate about success and be used to delivering against objectives Experience of work based learning, awarding bodies and funding contracts is desirable Be hands on, adaptable, pragmatic with the ability to communicate to all levels within the organisation. The ability to contribute to the development and implementation of strategy. Experience of effective financial management and control. The ability to develop and implement strategic change Due to the complexity of this role there is an expectation that the successful candidate will be on the road for 4.5 days allowing half a day for administration. This position with therefore be home based and candidates can be located in any central position within the South. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaManagerWorkBasedLearningSouthHomeBased_job****