Title: Telemarketing Executive / Telephone Sales / Digital Telephone Sales
Webindex: 66507613
Company: AUBERGINE APPOINTMENTS
Description: Our client is the leading global information services company, providing data and analytical tools to clients around the world. The Group helps businesses to manage target marketing offers and automate decision making. They are listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index. An exciting graduate sales opportunity to be part of a new team within our clients digital marketing services team , specifically working on their market leading email service product The Telemarketing Executive is responsible for supporting the sales and marketing teams in order to drive revenue for the new business sales teams. The successful candidate will be working on a diverse group of campaigns to drive lead generation and data cleansing in key vertical markets. This is an entrylevel role that that would suit a recent graduate looking for a fantastic opportunity to develop a sales/marketing career within an established digital business. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES Lead generation  Work a variety of sources (CRM /Website leads/ Ammo/ own initiative) to identify and prioritise leads for new business. Appointment making  Contact leads with the aim of qualifying and obtaining a meeting / demo, thus creating an opportunity. Data cleansing Outbound calling to validate contacts and their details within existing customers, prospects and partner accounts. Centralised sales point  Ensure incoming leads (phone / web) are qualified and processed within 24 hours to ensure a firstclass customer experience. Strategy Reporting Participate and contribute to group strategy, reporting on key management metrics Meeting exceeding KPI s including phone activity (duration / volume of calls), lead generation, conversion to order, data quality KEY COMPETENCIES Commercial awareness the ability to understand commercial challenges, interpret data and identify associated business opportunities Strong personal organization  the ability to prioritise tasks and ensure key targets are met Excellent attention to detail to ensure high levels of data quality Articulate and professional telephone manner  previous experience of sales or customer service an advantage Personal Drive a highly motivated, self starter who is prepared to go the extra mile Thirst for knowledge an interest and desire to learn about the wider digital marketing landscape Experience of Microsoft Office is essential: Word, Excel and Outlook If you are looking for a career in sales within the digital marketplace with a market leading business, have the drive and determination to become a top class salesperson then send us your CV.