Title: Nursery Nurse Level 3  Esher
Webindex: 67999017
Company: kidsunlimited
Description: Nursery Nurse Level 3 kids unlimited has a reputation as leaders in top quality, progressive childcare. We are currently the 5th largest private daycare provider with over **** nursery settings and an ever growing portfolio. kids unlimited Esher is a purpose built day nursery, situated on the Hinchley Park residential development fronting the Kingston Bypass (A****). The nursery provides five child home bases, each designed specifically for babies, toddlers and preschool children with an additional activity room. There is a secure external play area and a safe parking / drop off area. Our Nursery Manager Julie has 38 years' experience working as a childcare professional. We are looking for a L3 nursery nurse to work 40 hours per week. Reporting into the Room Supervisor, you will work as part of a team providing quality child care and education. You will promote the physical, social, emotional and cognitive development of each child in line with the kids unlimited model, nursery ethos and philosophy. The key duties of the Nursery Nurse include; Be responsible for the care and supervision of children as they undertake a variety of activities, providing appropriate levels of support and interaction. Ensure that the highest standards of health and safety apply to children staff, parents and visitors maintaining a safe and secure environment. Responsible for children s individual personal hygiene needs and to ensure that all policies and procedures are complied within this regard Establish and develop a good relationship with parents and carers, through dialogue, cooperation and partnership. Provide regular feedback to parents/carers regarding their child s development and day to day progress, in line with kids unlimited procedures. Adhere to all policies and procedures at all times Complete all Nursery documentation as required by role timely, accurately and appropriately. Key attributes of the Nursery Nurse include; Minimum Level 3 qualification or equivalent Previous childcare experience Ability to work on own initiative Excellent team player Excellent communicator at all levels Knowledge of the EYFS kids unlimited have many benefits in place for staff as well as the security of knowing that you're working for a growing, dynamic and successful business. You will be offered a competitive salary, contributory pension scheme and an opportunity to develop your career within a progressive and forwardthinking company. kids unlimited is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of all children in our care. We will ensure that safeguarding is of paramount concern to all employees and as a business we adopt and adhere to safe recruitment practices. Most roles within kids unlimited are subject to enhanced security checks with CRB/Disclosure Scotland disclosures applied for. To apply for our Nursery Nurse role, please click the Apply button below.