Title: Key Stage 2 Teachers
Webindex: 69742407
Company: Aspire People
Description: Aspire People are urgently looking for some outstanding Key Stage **** Primary Teachers living or happy to travel to Dudley or surrounding area. We work with a variety of schools in these areas both large and small, rural and city centre. So if you are a teacher looking for work then we are very keen to speak to you. QTS and NQT Jobs on offer Aspire People are looking for FQT Teachers or NQT to undertake daytoday and long term work at our primary schools throughout the Dudley and the rest of the West Midlands area. Working on supply can give you a good insight into the type of school and full time position you may require to work at in a permanent post. For any long term positions undertaken by NQT , Aspire will contact the school to see if it is possible that it can be considered as part of your induction year. What kind of Teachers are Aspire People looking for? Aspire People are only looking for passionate and dedicated candidates. You must have the ability to inspire and motivate children, ensuring that they make excellent progress. NQTs must also have the ability to promote positive reinforcement of behaviour management. Benefits of working in the Aspire People: Aspire People pay to scale, you will also have your own dedicated consultant, help with writing your CV, parties and social events where you can meet other Teachers and NQTs and bonus schemes. Aspire People have an honest and sensitive approach to recruitment, taking in to accounts the needs and requirements of our teachers.  Awarded DFES Accreditation Quality Mark  Winner of Birmingham and Solihull Best Business ****  Runner Up of Birmingham and Solihull Best Business **** Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Criminal Records Bureau.