Title: ENGLISH TEACHERNORTH LONDON
Webindex: 64442136
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description:  English Teacher JobJANUARY 2013  Outstanding Ofsted 2011  Based in North London  Competitive salary and progression available  Very Supportive for NQT'S oversees teachers Due to a member of staff commencing a maternity leave earlier than expected, this well run English department require either an experienced teacher or an NQT to cover the post for an entire academic year. The school is based in close proximity to Central London so is easily accessible via public transport. All classrooms now offer state of the art facilities and equipment including interactive white boards. The school has no behavioural issues, allowing you to teach your subject without having to constantly manage poor behaviour. The school is looking to appoint a dynamic and ambitious teacher with a genuine passion for teaching and learning and in return they will invest heavily in your professional development. The school has a strong impetuous on professional development so if you want to fast track you career and progress this is the school for you. This position would suit either an experienced classroom practitioner or an NQT looking for a supportive environment in which to complete your induction year For more information in this role and many more, please email your CV ASAP to brettcareerteachers.co.uk Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.