Title: Supply Primary Teacher Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 68798751
Company: East Dunbartonshire Council
Description: Various Schools within East Dunbartonshire SUPPLY TEACHER ADVERT – JANUARY 2********3 East Dunbartonshire is seeking to recruit primary and secondary supply teachers to cover short term and fixed term temporary positions throughout the Council area. Supply teachers are recognised as particularly important in ensuring continuity for pupils in terms of effective teaching and learning. Some of the temporary supply positions will be in the denominational sector and will require RC Church Approval. Short term supply teachers, other than probationers, who are registered with the General Teaching Council Scotland will be placed on Point 1 of the Scottish Negotiating Committee for Teachers (SNCT) salary scale and fixed term supply teachers will be paid the appropriate salary scale in accordance with SNCT Conditions of Service. Probationers will be placed on Point 0 of the SNCT salary scale until they have achieved full registration with the General Teaching Council Scotland A Head Teachers Report must be submitted with applications. Applications submitted without this supporting document will not be considered. Please email the Head Teachers Report to irene.mckennaeastdunbarton.gov.uk Once you have completed the online application process and your application has been assessed and recommended for acceptance onto the supply list you will receive further supporting documents and information to complete by post. IF YOU ARE CURRENTLY ON THE EAST DUNBARTONSHIRE COUNCIL SUPPLY LIST THERE IS NO NEED TO REAPPLY. CHARTER OF COMMITMENT The commitment by East Dunbartonshire Council to job applicants is as follows: • Individuals will be treated in a polite, friendly and welcoming manner. • Equalities monitoring will be conducted to ensure a fair and equitable process with screening being carried out to anonymise sensitive information such as age, gender and disability. • The information that we receive will be treated in confidence and with discretion. Only the relevant HR representative/team and the relevant service will see the application form. • We will encourage and welcome applications from applicants under the disability symbol. Where the essential criteria are met an interview will be offered to those applying under the disability symbol. • We will be pleased to make any reasonable adjustments to ensure accessibility at the interview. • We will advise you within reasonable time after the closing date of the outcome of your application. • We will advise you if you have been successful or unsuccessful as soon as practically possible. Link to East Dunbartonshire Council website Requirements This post is a childcare position under the Protection of Children (Scotland) Act etc Applications must be, or eligible to be General Teaching Council Scotland registered for teaching posts. Hours per week: Supply Contract duration: Supply To view the full job advert and any other related documentation, click on the 'Apply Online Now' button below.