Title: Maths Teacher  April 2013
Webindex: 68683575
Company: Hays
Description: Position: Qualified Teacher Subject/Specialism: MATHS Location: Preston Contract: Temporary Pay: **** to **** per week A popular school in Preston, Lancashire is looking to appoint a dynamic teacher of Maths to join their vibrant Maths Department. This school provides a state of the art learning environment and excellent teaching resources. The school embraces opportunities for change and focusses on developing the minds of the pupils who attend. Their primary goal is to motivate pupils to realise their full potential. This thriving school is seeking to appoint an enthusiastic and committed colleague to join their successful science team. This post would suit either an NQT or experienced teacher who is committed to helping young people achieve. Specific teaching responsibilities will be discussed at interview. They are looking for an individual who is dedicated to raising attainment and motivating pupils using innovative resources and teaching methods. The post offers the opportunity to teach Maths whilst contributing to the thriving extra curricular programme of the school. You must have Qualified Teacher Status in the UK, or an equivalent overseas qualification with UK teaching experience. This will allow you to deliver the National Curriculum and be properly equipped to deal with classroom management. You will be committed to raising standards and have good organisational and interpersonal skills. Energy, ambition and enthusiasm are a must As a supply teacher with Hays you will receive the following benefits:  The support of a dedicated and experienced consultant within Secondary Education  Plenty of variety and a choice of work from day to day cover and longterm assignments  Competitive rates of pay  Excellent opportunities for CPD Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Hay's approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Hays Education is an accredited Quality Mark company and is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are interested in applying for this job or want to register for other supply teaching jobs with Hays then please contact Rachael Boaler at Hays Education on or **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MathsTeacherApril2013_job****