Title: EBD Specialist Teaching Assistant
Webindex: 69676418
Company: HAYS
Description: INSPIRE YOUNG MINDS EBD SPECIALIST Teaching Assistant JOBS In salford Do you have the passion for working with young people with emotional and behavioural difficulties? Are you an openminded, flexible LSA who has a natural ability with children with various special needs? Do you believe you are able to make a difference in the education of these students? We are looking for a Behaviour Specialist TA with secondary experience who has an understanding of working with children of this nature. This is a temporary position. The school is a inner city school with fantastic facilities. A challenging, yet exciting EBD LSA opportunity has arisen in this Secondary School. We are recruiting for an experienced EBD LSA to support within a small class of students with SEN, emotional and behavioural difficulties. You will: Have experience of working with children with challenging behaviour and learning difficulties including ADD Have the ability to work independently but also work effectively alongside other team members including Residential Care Workers, Therapists etc. Be a positive role model for the child You will be working with a supportive team with one on one Teaching Assistant support in the classroom. You will receive all the support you need from a DfE accredited recruitment expert, to assist you through the application process. In addition we can offer **** reward every time you recommend a colleague. If you would like to apply for this special needs teaching job, or to hear more about other special needs teaching jobs in the Manchester area give us a call. If you would like to apply for this position please email your CV to Jennifer Hamer at Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk