Title: Postdoctoral Researcher in Marine Microbiology and Biogeochemistry
Webindex: 67772771
Company: Marine Biological Association of the UK
Description: Salary: ****  **** The Marine Biological Association (MBA) of the United Kingdom is an independent research institute and scientific learned society carrying out leadingedge research in fundamental and strategic areas of marine biology. We are looking for a highly motivated and independently working postdoctoral research scientist with interests in marine microbiology and biogeochemistry. Applicants should have a PhD and a strong conceptual and practical background in the application of molecular microbial and/or biogeochemical techniques to understand the role of marine microbes in biogeochemical cycling. The successful candidate will support research funded by EUFP**** and will take a lead role in his or her research. Experience in one or more of the following areas will be an advantage: Contemporary molecular microbial ecology sequencing (**** ion torrent, etc) and associated bioinformatics. Marine biogeochemistry (e.g. microelectrode sediment profiling). Cultivation of marine microorganisms, application of molecular genetic and biochemistry techniques to understand model marine bacteria. A willingness to collaborate and cosupervise postgraduatelevel researchers within the group are essential. Proficiency in spoken and written English is mandatory. We offer a twoyear appointment in the first instance. Application process: To apply, send an email (subject: Postdoc) to Dr Michael Cunliffe, please click the APPLY button below, containing a detailed CV (including brief description of research interests, background, previous employment and publication list), PDFs of your most important publications and contact details for at least two references (letters of recommendation are optional). There is no application deadline. The successful candidate would be expected to be in post by spring/summer 2013. The MBA is an equal opportunities employer.