Title: Experienced ReceptionTeacher
Webindex: 69005067
Company: Edustaff Manchester Ltd
Description: Reception Teacher Reception Teacher January 201**** Start Initial Two Term Contract Covering a maternity leave. Are you an experienced foundation stage teacher searching for a reception teacher vacancy at an extremely well managed and resourced 3 form entry primary school located in Manchester? Are you a foundation stage teacher with a real creative flair and enthusiasm for delivering the early year s foundation stage curriculum? Do you want to become part of an organised and team orientated foundation stage team that teaches within an extremely well resourced and laid out foundation sage unit?  Reception Teacher January 2013  Initial Two Term Contract Covering a Maternity Leave Close to transport links Long Standing and Supportive Senior Leadership Team Are you searching for a foundation stage teaching job and want to work in a primary school which offers supportive and effective senior leadership state of the art facilities and an established and highly effective teaching team? Are you an early year s reception teacher with a sound knowledge of the early years foundation stage curriculum a teacher who has real creative flair a teacher who will thrive teaching within a large foundation stage unit? You will take over a reception class of **** pupils who come from a range of social and cultural backgrounds. You will have the support of an experienced teaching assistant and will plan within an effective foundation stage team. This is a fantastic opportunity to join the teaching team of this effective three form entry primary school. Pupils come from a range of social and cultural backgrounds with the majority of pupils thoroughly enjoy being at the school and are keen to learn? You will find the school to be extremely well resourced and facilitated and a senior leadership team which is supportive and team orientated. In short this is a great opportunity to join the teaching staff of fantastic three form entry primary school in Manchester which is easy to get to whether or not you drive. The Head wishes to interview straight away so please contact me ASAP For an Immediate Interview email your CV today to Mark at Edustaff