Title: Vocational Learning Advisor  Adult Care
Webindex: 68673735
Company: Minstrell Recruitment Ltd
Description: Vocational Learning Advisor Adult Care  Dorset Purpose of the role: Undertake the vocational coaching and assessment of learners to meet contracted targets. Assist in the recruitment of Learners and Client Companies to participate in Work Based Learning Programmes Responsibilities  Coach, assess and maintain the minimum caseload of LSC, ELWa and SE funded learners to enable them to achieve their NVQ qualification and work based learning framework by :   Assessing learners’ NVQ qualification achievement.   Delivering and assessing underpinning knowledge.   Delivering and assessing Key Skills qualifications.   Providing coaching, guidance and mentoring to the learner, their work place assessor/ supervisor and their employer as required.   Monitoring learners’ practical training with employers.   Monitoring learners’ progress in the other components of their framework (i.e. technical certificates and any sub contracted delivery).  Monitor all learners at their workplace in accordance with their framework pathway, as per Company procedures.  Assist in the marketing of the Company’s programmes to potential learners and employers .  Communicate/update key people on areas effecting delivery of contract.  Monitor employer’s premises and implement appropriate health and safety requirements, including accident investigation where necessary.  Maintain and build on existing and new employer/learner relationships.  Ensure all documentation the Vocational Coach is obliged to complete is accurate, on time and fulfils all contractual and statutory obligations and the Company’s Operations Procedures.  Undertake any selfdevelopment identified in appraisals and personal training and development plans.  Undertake all tasks and responsibilities specified in the Company’s operations procedures, working instructions, and current employment and health and safety legislation and regulations.  Work closely within the team to ensure business growth, delivery of work based learning contracts and achievement of agreed targets.  Undertake any other such duties as may be reasonably requested periodically. Qualifications/Experience:  NVQ L**** qualification in relevant occupational area.  Multi qualification or ‘rare and required’ specialist skill.  Specific occupationally relevant technical certificates.  Occupational experience as required by NVQ Code of Practice and relevant awarding bodies.  Proven track record of consistently achieving performance targets.  Practical current vocational skills and expertise in the areas you are required to assess learners.  Proven track record of imparting skills and learning to others.  Understanding of and belief in work based learning and competency assessment.  Focused on delivering objectives and targets.  Excellent problem solving/decision making skills.  Clear proactive approach to planning.  Assumes responsibility and accountability.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Demonstrable high level of organisational skills and selfmotivation.  Empathy with young people and desire to assist them achieve their career and learning aspiration.  Passion about the industry whose skills you seek to impart to young people.  Driving license and Car are essential  Successful applicants will be required to undertake an enhanced CRB check The role is working remotely and the candidate would need to be based in and covering in Dorset although would be expected to travel out of area for training initially. Please apply direct This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VocationalLearningAdvisorAdultCare_job****