Title: Graduate Recruitment Consultant Job
Webindex: 68847328
Company: Apical Recruitment Ltd
Description:  Graduate Recruitment Consultant Job in Ilford  Graduate Trainee Job in Ilford  ****k  ****k basic  commission  annual bonus  Proven tailored training and support programme  Earn commission from day ****  Permanent job and immediate start available Are you a qualified graduate with at least 12 months recent experience working in business to business sales or in recruitment? Consider yourself to be confident, competitive and ambitious? Think you can work and thrive in a pressurised and target driven environment? Want to earn a considerable salary and have a clear career path as reward for your work? My client is a market leading education recruitment and training consultancy based on the borders of East London /Essex. They have an outstanding opportunity for an ambitious and competitive individual to join their Graduate Training scheme and become a Graduate Recruitment Consultant with responsibility for supplying fixed term contract and permanent recruitment services. This position is a newly created role due to the expansion programme underway and you will be joining a training scheme that has successfully developed **** individuals from Trainee Consultants to Consultants within the last 12 months. The company has various specialist divisions which include primary, secondary, SEN, nursery and international spread across a network of offices in the UK and overseas. With over a decade in education recruitment this organisation has built an unrivalled reputation on one very simple core value that is evident throughout the business. Quality. Nothing is done by half measures and you can be assured that your training and support, IT systems, website and marketing resources are the best available in the market. The training scheme has been developed and refined with years of industry knowledge and is proven in developing raw talent into fully fledged Recruitment Consultants within 3 months. Of course your learning will not stop there but you will have the basic skills and tools you need to feel comfortable and confident to go out and provide a professional recruitment service. You will be trained in all aspects of recruitment including advert writing, candidate screening and selection,, telephone sales, face to face client meetings and how to close a sale. In return you will need to be a hardworking and self motivated person who can take constructive criticism, is not afraid to make a mistake who is also highly competitive. You also need strong communication skills both verbally and in writing and have the ability to think on your feet and provide solutions for problems. You will be joining a loud, busy and bustling head quarter office that s highly competitive but also nurtures an excellent team ethos and where you will be welcomed with open arms. The company is growing from strength to strength and there are plans to open another **** UK offices over the next 3 years so they are looking for the next batch of team leaders, managers and directors. It could be you Earn well and progress your career quickly Apply now for an immediate interview.  Graduate Sales Job  Graduate Training scheme  Graduate training programme  Graduate Recruitment Consultant