Title: QTS or NQT Maths Teacher URGENT
Webindex: 70150082
Company: Capita Education
Description: NQT or QTS Maths Teacher **** **** per day Stevenage, Hertfordshire Capita Education are currently recruiting for a Maths Teacher NQT or QTS for a secondary comprehensive school in Stevenage. The staff are committed to high standards through inspiring teaching and a good range of extracurricular activities. They believe in mutual respect, strong relationships and good behaviour and provide opportunities for the students to develop as leaders, expect them to work hard and help them aim high to fulfil their potential. To join this excellent school you must have an approachable nature and excellent communication skills. This is a great opportunity to join this school and become part of its' exceptional team enjoying a longterm opportunity. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet out total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this lovely School you will be:  An experienced NQT or QTS Maths Teacher KS****  Extremely passionate about Children  Have an approachable nature and excellent communication skills  Be caring and motivated.  Be patient, creative and supportive with the capacity for firmness as required  Able to work as part of a team or on your own initiative At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated Consultant  Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent opportunities for CPD  Wonderful facilities at school level (delete change as applicable)  Opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. For further details about this role please contact Ross Howse on **** or send your CV to Ross.Howsecapita.co.uk