Title: Graduate Survey Manager
Webindex: 71081707
Company: UNIVERSITY OF LONDON
Description: The Role We are looking for a suitably experienced individual to plan and coordinate the annual delivery of the full cycle of the Destinations of Leavers from Higher Education (DLHE) survey. This requires managing the processes, daily operations and staff of the Graduate Research department. The Graduate Survey Manager ensures that cost, time, quality and, above all, client satisfaction are the highest priority. Requirements To succeed in this role, you will be a skilled project manager, able to manage large scale projects to completion. Experience of working with statistical analyses is essential, as is the experience of analysing and manipulating large quantities of data. Experience working with the annual DLHE survey would be advantageous. An exceptional organiser, you will possess excellent communication, negotiation and relationship building skills. A logical thinker with creative problemsolving ability, you will be able to identify commercial opportunities for your own team and associated teams. The ability to work well with others and lead a team is essential. You will be able to multitask and work to competing deadlines with a strong attention to detail. About The Department The Careers Group, University of London is recognised as an international centre of excellence and is the largest higher education careers service in the UK. Our mission is to enable organisations to educate and develop individuals to achieve and maintain career success. Our key customers are academic institutions wanting to deliver careers services to their students, staff and graduates; organisations looking for help with career and organisational development activities; careers service providers seeking support; graduate recruiters wanting to develop and market graduate recruitment schemes and connect with graduates at any stage in their working lives; and individual job seekers or career changers. Further Information In order for your application to be considered, please submit the following: ****) a full curriculum vitae , including particulars of qualifications, employment history, management experience and current salary, and the names and contact details of three referees who may be contacted immediately without further reference to you. ****) a letter of application , stating how you meet the requirements of the post and addressing each of the elements of the job requirements/person specification. The closing date for receipt of completed applications is on Sunday, 17th February 2013 . During the interview process, you will be required to give a presentation. The topic will address core demands of the role and it will be confirmed to you at the time when you’re invited to an interview. About the University of London The University of London is one of the oldest and largest universities in the UK – and the most diverse. Established by Royal Charter in **** the University is recognised globally as a world leader in Higher Education. We are a federal institution consisting of **** selfgoverning Colleges of outstanding reputation and a number of acclaimed central academic bodies. The University of London offers almost every subject covered in any University curriculum, delivering huge flexibility and choice to its students.