Title: Principal/Associate Oil and Gas Consultant
Webindex: 71881922
Company: URS INFRASTRUCTURE & ENVIRONMENT
Description: URS are recruiting for an experienced Pricipal/Associate Consultant to join a busy Environmental Assessment Team (EAT) in London. URS is one of the largest environmental and engineering consultancies in the world. The team provides the majority of the technical disciplines required for EIA, as well as project managing the process for a wide spectrum of projects both in the UK and internationally. They range from large scale urban regeneration schemes, high profile infrastructure and industrial facilities, to onshore and offshore oil and gas, marine and coastal projects. The role will ideally call for experience with UK and international infrastructure projects in offshore and onshore Oil and Gas, leading EIA activities, and implementation and understanding of environmental best practise guidance / measures. The work will involve a range of projects both onshore and offshore with occasional shortterm overseas work. Exceptional candidates could be considered for a Technical Director post, who would in addition be able to demonstrate success in developing profitable client relationships and exhibit business development acumen. You will manage colleagues, provide knowledge and expertise in the assessment and management of environmental issues and to help in the company objective of expanding environmental services. It will require both project management and technical EIA skills and will predominantly involve work on large onshore and offshore Oil and Gas projects around the world. You will project manage and deliver project documents including multidisciplinary EIA projects, Scoping Reports, EIA/ESIA/ESHIA Reports and related technical studies to the highest standard in accordance with project timescales. You will also analyse data effectively and carry out site visits when required. As part of the EIA process you will also research issues and provide ideas, solutions and expertise to the EIA team. In this role there will be the opportunity to manage junior staff and provide business development proposals to continuously improve our service offering for our clients, as well as opportunities to work with other teams in URS, across a range of technical disciplines. The ideal candidate will have an EIA and/or environmental management background with significant experience, and proven knowledge of EIA/ESIA/ESHIA and current best practice guidance in a variety of sectors, in particular offshore and onshore oil and gas, urban renewal and infrastructure. Full or Associate Membership of the Institute of Environmental Management and Assessment (IEMA) or an equivalent professional organisation would be beneficial.