Title: EBDSecondary School Teacher
Webindex: 68184079
Company: Teaching Appointments
Description: SEBD Secondary School Teacher ASAP Start EBD School Teaching **** pupils with EBD. School based in Kent just north of Ashford Experience of working with SEBD Pupils essential Our client is seeking a well qualified and enthusiastic teacher to teach who has a proven track record of SEBD the what you specialise in is not essential at this point, but all successful applicants must be strong in their chosen field., and have the ability to teach a second subject. A full contribution to the pastoral and wider curricular life of the school is required. The teacher must have very strong Behaviour Management. The institution is a Residential/Day Community School for students aged **** with Behavioural, Emotional and Social Development needs, however the successful applicant will be teaching students between the ages of **** They are set in extensive and beautiful grounds within a small village, have a good relationship with the local community and are easily accessible from major roads and public transport. This is an exciting opportunity to work within a striving environment that enables all pupils to achieve their potential. Any offer of employment is subject to verification of your entitlement to work in the UK, verification of qualifications and membership of the GTC, satisfactory references, health clearance and an enhanced disclosure check by the Criminal Records Bureau. Teaching Appointments is an Equal Opportunities employer. Subject to observance of all UK and EU current legislation we shall not discriminate to exclude individuals on the grounds of age, race, colour, gender (birth or reassigned), sexual orientation, disability, religion or belief, marital status, ethnic or national origin, health, pregnancy, childcare responsibilities or criminal records. Candidates from such groups are actively encouraged to apply. All interested candidates should send through an updated CV or contact [contact details removed] for further details.