Title: NQT s, 2012/**** JOBS
Webindex: 70675231
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: Are you coming to the end or have recently completed your teaching degree and not yet have a job? Desperate to complete your induction in your first year of teaching? Worried that you will miss out on the perfect school for you? If the answer to any of the previous questions is yes then please read on. If you are a PGCE, BEd or GTP graduate who has not secured a job you are probably starting to panic and wonder whether the only way to get your foot onto the teaching ladder is to embark upon the supply teaching circuit. The uncertainty and unrewarding nature of ad hoc general supply teaching does not suit every teacher. To have a secured and regular income as well as the commitment from one School who will help you go through your induction year should still be your top priority. Here at Career Teachers, we specialise in finding Newly Qualified Teachers (NQTs) their first teaching position in a supportive and inclusive School environment, specifically tailored to your needs and requirements. Your skills as a teacher are never one and the same; there is the perfect school out there for every individual and we have a 97% success rate at matching these. As specialist Secondary education consultants we are acutely involved with Schools across Greater London and the surrounding counties, working alongside Training Managers and Teachers who are responsible for mentoring NQTs. As such, we are aware of schools that have not filled their quota of NQT intake for September 2012 and still have the capacity to offer positions. We also offer training and advice to NQTs in relation to interview techniques and successful strategies to secure your ideal position. We aim to fully equip you with the skills necessary to excel at the oftendaunting interview process. The feedback we have had from Schools, is that the teachers who have interviewed for them, are better prepared and more focused upon the important aspects of education they are specifically looking for. Does this sound good? The most surprising fact is that this service is free. It will not cost anything, other than an hour of your time. More than worth it I am sure you agree. If you would like to take advantage of this service then please forward a copy of your current CV along with supporting statement and contact number to stuartdenniscareerteachers.co.uk Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.