Title: Work Experience Coordinator (Temporary)
Webindex: 69554877
Company: Dumfries & Galloway Council
Description: (Ref: ****/****)Working on behalf of employability partners, this post has been designed to develop work place opportunities to support people in their progression towards employment. The post holder will be expected to work across Dumfries and Galloway Council, Health Board, Fire and Police Services to examine existing work placement opportunities and to consider where additional opportunities to develop work placements may lie. The work placements will primarily be developed to support the youth employment agenda although other groups of people will also be able to access the provision. The postholder will also require an understanding of the importance of health and safety procedures in the workplace including those associated with risk assessments. Ultimately the postholder will be supporting the development of a more streamlined approach to accessing the opportunities and work towards the development of a coordinated public sector approach to developing work placements. The successful candidate will be qualified to degree level (SCQF Level 9) and have experience of implementing systems and procedures in a complex context. They will also understand the value and educational purpose of work experience placements as well as the significance of working in partnership. Ideally they will have experience of working in a rural area, local government and/or an educational establishment. They should have a good working knowledge of issues relating to safeguarding of children and safer working practices underpinned by some knowledge of the Scottish Education System and wider employability mechanisms. The post has a regionwide remit and will be located within the Economic Development Department of the council to reflect the close working relationship with employability services. This post is temporary for up to two years. Informal enquiries to: Dawn Redpath, Employability and Skills Manager,  **** ext **** dawn.redpathdumgal.gov.uk