Title: Project Manager (Telecoms) x ****
Webindex: 69678975
Company: ONLINE RESOURCING LTD
Description: A communications infrastructure and media services company spearheading the provision of network solutions and services in the digital world. We provide much of the infrastructure behind television, radio, satellite and wireless communications, both in the UK and globally. Customers include worldrenowned major broadcasters and telco providers, the UK's five mobile network operators and the emergency services. As Project Manager reporting to the Principle Project Manager, your responsibility will be to coordinate activities and reporting between the Customer, our delivery functions and suppliers, to ensure our projects are delivered efficiently and on time. Your key focus will be: Project managing to a clients specific programme for either a geographical or portfolio defined area. Maintaining key supplier relationships whilst understanding delivery capabilities and capacity. Taking a revenue and costfocused approach to project delivery, you will maintain effective reporting on progress target achievements and exceptions. You must have a formal qualification in Project Management, with proven experience in project management systems, tolls and processes. With a demonstrable experience of contractor and supplier management, your knowledge must include cost control and project cost management. Contracts, customers and suppliers will underpin your skills around cost control and project cost management. Experience of preparing tenders and quotations would be an advantage and your ability to prioritise, delegate, organise and mitigate project risk will set you apart. A background in the telecoms sector would be desirable and strong technical knowledge is required, including: basic knowledge of site design, acquisition, Town and Country Planning, construction, and project finance a background in telecoms the ability to read construction drawings, produce sketches and assess cost estimates. A current driving license is essential for the role. There are three Project Manager roles based in the following locations: Blackhill (Scotland), Chalfont, Daventry, Clevedon or Altrincham (Greater Manchester). If this Project Manager role describes you and you can see yourself playing a role at the core of our organisation and our developing technologies, then please click on the apply button now