Title: Lecturers in Law
Webindex: 69929916
Company: University of Surrey
Description: Faculty of Business, Economics Law The University of Surrey is an international university with a worldclass research profile and an enterprising spirit. Inventive and forwardthinking, its heritage shows a recurring theme of doing things differently and achieving notable results. Law has been offered at the University of Surrey for nearly 40 years, and in recognition of its rapid expansion, the Surrey School of Law was formed in **** Recently, the School has risen dramatically in terms of student satisfaction, and in national and international league tables. The Single Honours Law programme is now one of the biggest undergraduate courses run by the University and attracts students from around the world, who enjoy the School s extensive provision of work placement opportunities. We are proud of our global and crossdisciplinary traditions, with undergraduate and postgraduate programmes and research in emerging areas such as Business Integrity, Corruption and Rule of Law, Environmental Law as well as core areas of Corporate and Commercial Law, International Trade Law, International Law, European Law, Human Rights Law and Public Law. Our doctoral programme has a strong and growing body of PhD students. The University appointed Professor David Allen in 2010, formerly of the topranked IE Business School, Madrid, as Dean of the Faculty of Business, Economics and Law, and in August 2012, Professor Indira Carr was appointed as Head of the School of Law. The School aim to become one of the UK s top 10 law schools is supported by an ambitious strategic plan. The School is recruiting staff across all areas of Law including Common Law, Criminal Law and International Commercial Law. We wish to appoint to Lectureships academics with research likely to be assessed as worldleading and are committed to excellence in teaching. Successful candidates will participate in developing innovative approaches to research, teaching and engagement with the legal community that contribute to achieving our goal of becoming a world renowned law school. For an informal discussion about the above positions please contact Head of the School of Law, Professor Indira Carr **** **** (email: i.carrsurrey.ac.uk ). The University of Surrey can offer a generous remuneration package including a pension scheme and other benefits, together with an attractive research environment, the latest teaching facilities, and access to a variety of staff development opportunities. Apply online at apply button below or alternatively please contact Human Resources, either via email on FBELHRsurrey.ac.uk , or by telephone on **** **** (24 hours). Closing date: Monday, **** th February 2013. Further information about the School of Law, its research centres and the research interests of individual staff can be found at www.surrey.ac.uk/law We acknowledge, understand and embrace cultural diversity