Title: ECommerce Systems Analyst  fluency in German or French
Webindex: 69676230
Company: GIVEAGRADAGO LTD
Description: Company Profile: Our client is a unique and innovative agency who specialise in bringing the voice of their clients to life through the creation of online social communities that inspire genuine conversations about their brands. They work with some of the world's most well known and most loved brands; providing them with the tools that they need to continuously engage consumers, improve sales, generate insightful marketing campaigns and further develop products. The Role: Are you curious about technology and motivated to provide outstanding customer service? We are on the lookout for a ECommerce Analyst who is fluent in German or French  it will be your job to look after external and internal clients who report technical issues. In order to do this you will have to collect the appropriate information, analyse the symptoms and establish the underlying problem, before reporting it to a higher level if necessary. You will ensure that solutions to these queries and issues are found. It will also be your responsibility to consistently be on the lookout for technical hitches and endeavour to report these correctly and efficiently. Key Responsibilities: Day to day your duties will include: Diagnose, address and resolve any technical problems and concerns that are reported by external and internal clients. Troubleshoot integration of the Social Commerce's' platform on client sites. Answer and pass on inbound phone calls and support cases. Handle client problems in a professional and timely manner, ensuring that you are patient and understanding at all times. Manage client expectations offering realistic time frames for the resolution of technical problems. Break down technical concepts to a variety of audiences. Organise and rank support cases in terms of priority and importance. Identify where product improvements and team processes can be improved. Provide excellent customer service, every step of the way. So, what are we looking for? Fluency in German or French is essential A BA Degree in Computer Science, Management, Business or Communication is preferential, or alternatively solid, relevant work experience. Knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, My SQL Fantastic communication skills, both written and oral a professional and eloquent manner is required at all times A 'tech guru' who is motivated, organised and hungry to learn The desire to learn and thrive in a fast paced, challenging environment. Passion, Ability to Perform, Innovative Ideas, Respect and Teamwork are at the heart of this role and company and these are values that a candidate applying for this role should already possess.