Title: Director of Studies
Webindex: 67643942
Company: m2r Ltd
Description: Director of Studies Our client, an HMC independent Boarding School in the heart of the East Midlands, runs a Summer School offering students the chance to experience life in a British boarding school and require a Director of Studies to be wholly responsible for the academic input of the programme. Working closely with the Course Director you will be responsible for leading a small team of EFL Teachers and be the main point of contact for all academic lessons, assessment, teaching, staff selection and monitoring of the academic programme. EFL classes are held from Monday Friday in the mornings from 9am to **** and afternoon sessions of English Culture follow until 3.30pm. Students will be aged **** from a variety of nationalities at varying levels of English language. Class sizes are small with no more than **** students per class.). We employ separate activity staff to run the afternoon and evening activity sessions. EFL staff run the half day Wednesday excursion and will have some extra duties on a rota basis assisting with the social programme and house duties. Duties will include, but are not limited to: Teaching key groups within the school Assessing teacher and pupil success Assessing students abilities to assign groups based on age and language ability Develop a sound learning programme for students Set and maintain high classroom standards for teachers and students Carry out classroom observations Providing a positive and controlled classroom learning environment, concentrating on speaking and listening skills, some direct teaching involved including cover Administer entry testing for students, staff timetabling, classroom placements and exit reports The successful candidate will have experience of managing small teams and extensive teaching experience experience with young learners would be ideal. You must have a strong team work ethic whilst being warm, supportive and professional at all times. Organisational skills are a must. All applicants must hold a degree plus either RSA Diploma, CELTA or TESOL, or equivalent Any applicants with QTS status or PGCE (English/Modern Languages) may also apply The course dates are 7th July to 4th August 2013 (4 week programme) The remuneration package is very generous and includes: **** per week Induction training (paid pro rata) Food and accommodation provided on campu All staff applying to International Summer School will have stringent checks made as to their suitability to work with children. These checks will include the following: All references will be checked. References will include a specific enquiry as to whether there is any impediment to the prospective staff member being employed in a situation where he/she will have responsibility for, substantial access to and the care of children. CRB (Criminal Records Bureau) checks will be made on staff employed on our courses. Proof of identity and all relevant qualifications will be required and photocopies taken of the original certificates. Any gaps in applicants CVs must be explained satisfactorily m2r is working on behalf of this organisation (the Client) and acting as their CV filtering service. Your application, if deemed appropriate, will be forwarded directly to the client. By applying for this role, you authorise us to submit your details