Title: Teach in the Far East and Southeast Asia
Webindex: 62011432
Company: Teachanywhere
Description: Great teaching opportunities in the Far East and Southeast Asia If you want to combine a career in teaching along with travel to exotic and safe/secure locations, then teaching in International schools the Far East and Southeast Asia might be just the ticket for you. Education is very highly valued in this part of the world, and the international schools in the area on average are of a much higher calibre than most other regions of the world. International schools in the Far East and Southeast Asia teach all or most subjects in English, and as such they seek qualified teachers with a Bachelors or Masters of Education, or Degree plus PGCE/HDE these are not jobs teaching English as a Foreign Language, but teaching jobs for qualified school teachers. Because the schools are high performing and wellresourced with high expectations of student achievement, teachers wanting to teach in the Far East and Southeast Asia must have at least 2 years of postqualification experience, and regular classroom teaching experience from the UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Canada or the US is required. Salaries in this part of the world are good, especially compared to the cost of living. A typical salary in a top school in Beijing, for instance, is **** with only 10% tax and a generous housing allowance, shipping allowance and flights on top. A typical salary in Malaysia might be **** with a far lower cost of living and equal savings potential you should be able to save at least **** per year. Contracts are always 2 years and flights at beginning and end of contract are always provided. Below is a subset of the jobs we have available. If you are interested in finding out more, please send your CV to us and we will let you know what jobs we have matching your training, personal situation and experience. Year 1 teacher for top UK school nr Shanghai  China Head of Business studies/Economics in top British school Shanghai, China Chemistry teacher for impressive school in Ho Chi Minh City  Vietnam Early years teachers for school in Jakarta Indonesia Various Secondary Science and Primary subjects for gifted and talented programme in top schools in Kazakhstan Montessori Nursery teachers  Great opportunity for Montessori trained teachers in Beijing  China And much more Teachanywhere is a very specialised company that matches teachers to jobs in international schools. We work with qualified teachers who are trained/ experienced in the UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, South Africa and the US only. Most of our consultants are exteachers with international experience, so we are here to help and advise you.