Title: Trainer  Lowestoft
Webindex: 67400589
Company: Orange Recruitment
Description: Our client has 3 weeks work guaranteed (dependant on performance) from the 28th of January at a school in Lowestoft. If you have a CRB and are available for 15 days support work, you will be paid **** per day, totalling **** for the duration of the course. You will be part of a team of 4. If this is something of interest, please see details below: Have you ever wanted to work in training? Our client is not looking for qualifications, they are looking for personality. Our client is the UK s biggest Training Provider and due to client demand they are expanding throughout 2013 They are looking for a number of people to fulfil contracting roles in their Training department. Their mission is to coach and develop entrylevel candidates. You will gain the experience you need to build a successful career in the field of training young people in schools. Experience of working with young people is beneficial but not essential. You must be an excellent communicator and motivator, confident and selfmotivated, and have a passion for working with young people to help them achieve their full potential is an absolute must Our client would like to provide you with an excellent day rate, fantastic chance to progress within their company to a Lead Trainer role, the opportunity to travel (with accommodation paid for) and full product ongoing coaching, so no experience is necessary If you have the ability to walk into a room and build rapport instantly You are guaranteed an interview with them. Own transport is essential. CRB check essential.  Be approachable  Be friendly  Be organised  Be on time and presentable  This is all our client needs from you. Our client is one of the UK s biggest educational training providers, working in schools around the UK and achieving significant and lifechanging results for the young people they work with. They are based in Coventry and Sheffield, but are currently recruiting Trainers for their vocational and academic programmes around the UK.