Title: Teacher of English Tower Hamlets, London
Webindex: 68679369
Company: Hays
Description: Teacher of English Dates : apply ASAP. Start date : January 20**** / ASAP Salary : MPS/UPS  includes inner london allowance Location : Tower Hamlets, London Contract type : Full Time Contract term : Permanent Bishop Challoner Catholic Collegiate School is a successful multicultural school at the heart of the East End of London. Having benefited from a recent 45 million redevelopment, it has excellent resources, including state of the art technology. Bishop Challoner Catholic Collegiate was the first federated school in England Wales. We educate boys and girls separately in very well resourced buildings. The Governors of Bishop Challoner Catholic Collegiate School wish to appoint an ambitious and enthusiastic teacher of English. If you have the ability to motivate and inspire students, parents and staff then Bishop Challoner is the school for you. You will: Be passionate about teaching English Have excellent teaching and management skills Be able to enthuse our students to study English at the highest level Wish to develop all aspects of teaching English including extracurricular activities Be able to further improve examination results at all levels Have a sense of humour We offer: A strong commitment to your professional development and career management An opportunity to be part of an enthusiastic, creative and motivated team A supportive environment in which your enthusiasm will be encouraged, nurtured and rewarded A working environment focused on Teaching and Learning and raising standards for all Applications are invited from NQTs and experienced teachers. Bishop Challoner Catholic Collegiate School is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. Any appointment is subject to an enhanced CRB Check. For further details and to request an application pack, please contact Ellie Widdison at Hays Education or click 'apply'. All formal applications must be made via a completed application form. Visits to the school are welcomed and can be arranged by contacting Ellie Widdison Closing date for applications: ASAP You can also visit www1.hays.co.uk/jobs/bcccc for more information. The Governing Body is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TeacherofEnglishTowerHamletsLondon_job****