Title: Year **** Class Teaching Job in Thriving Lewisham Primary School
Webindex: 69932377
Company: Academics Ltd
Description: Year 3 Class Teaching Job in Lewisham KS**** Teaching Job Lewisham Location April Start Excellent Headteacher One Term Supply Would you like to join a pulsating and caring Primary School in the London Borough of Lewisham? Are you an experienced Key Stage **** Teacher who is passionate about Teaching Year 3 Pupils? Would you like to work as a supply teacher in an ?Outstanding primary school  as deemed by Ofsted in ****011? Are you looking for a new challenge in the New Year? If you re a qualified Year **** class teacher with QTS please read on Based in the historic Borough of Lewisham, this large three form entry primary school are seeking to appoint a dedicated Year 3 Class Teacher to join their team of staff. This teaching post is due to commence in April 2013 on a full time basis, until July 2013. The school itself has excellent facilities and extremely supportive staff. Under the new Headteacher, staff and Senior Management have instilled an ethos of high standards and expectations that has permeated every aspect of school life, and is one of the many reasons, that in 2011 the school received an Ofsted grading of ?Outstanding . As the successful KS2 practitioner your class will consist of **** pupils with a mixture of ability levels, and support in the classroom will be provided full time by a full time Level 3 Teaching Assistant. In your role you will be working closely with the Key Stage 2 Phase Leader and have additional support and guidance, where needed, from the excellent Headteacher. The classrooms are well sized, colourful and the facilities were state of the art. The school teaches a broad curriculum and invests heavily in supporting pupils and staff development, meaning this is a great opportunity for the successful candidate to mature and develop under excellent SMT. The school is surrounded by several bust stops and is a short walk from the nearest train station, however an onsite car parking space will be offered to the successful Year 3 Class Teacher, should you drive. This is an excellent opportunity and one NOT to be missed. Please send your CV and covering letter to Academics today, and avoid missing out on the fantastic opportunity to join this wonderful school. Please note only qualified and successful candidates will be contacted