Title: Teacher of Drama
Webindex: 68339270
Company: HAYS
Description: Drama Teacher required for a Pupil Referral Unit February start This is an exciting opportunity to work as a Drama Teacher; at a Salford Pupil referral unit. The PRU educates pupils at secondary level, who are at risk of permanent exclusion, or those who have medical requirements and other complex needs that cannot be met in a mainstream school. You will be joining a dynamic, hardworking and friendly team who work unstintingly to ensure that all children and young people fulfil their true potential. This Salford PRU is a forwardthinking and dynamic institution. The Head of service is seeking to appoint a forward thinking, professional to deliver the Drama curriculum across the PRU. Applications will be welcomed from experienced candidates with: KS****&**** Drama Specialist Experience or interest in teaching Drama in an inspiring way Ideas, imagination and a sense of vision A clear understanding of how teaching and learning in Drama can be enjoyable Dedication and enthusiasm to working with challenging pupils A clear understanding of teaching those with additional needs An ability to lead a small team of Teaching Assistants This is an exciting time to join the PRU the post offers an outstanding opportunity to become part of an already successful PRU which is determined to further develop its' tremendous capacity to improve. Not only will you receive all the support from your committed and dedicated Special Needs expert Consultant, while working for Hays you will also enjoy a range of employee benefits including:  Safeguarding training  **** reward every time you recommend a colleague  Access to professional Development training  Holiday Pay The school welcomes applications from teachers from both mainstream and SEN environments. Please contact Gabby Evans at Hays Education email your Cv We are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people. The post is subject to an enhanced CRB disclosure. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk