Title: Nursery Practioner
Webindex: 71690423
Company: PPA EDUCATION LTD
Description: PPA Education is a recruitment business in Central London that caters for a myriad of schools in the London and Greater London area. All sectors of education are covered, from Birth right through to Further Education. We are working with a number of Children's Centres and Primary Schools in the North London (Enfield, Barnet, Haringey, Camden and Islington) area to source qualified Nursery Nurses / Nursery Practioners to start ASAP for short and long term assignments (fulltime and parttime roles available) We are seeking individuals with excellent early years knowledge, who can demonstrate an ability to combine a strong classroom presence with excellent student achievement. Candidates must possess a genuine interest in the subject area or phase and be student focused Successful candidates will need to have at least 6 months previous experience in working within a early years setting and will be NVQ/CACHE (or equivalent) level 2 or **** qualified. It is very important that applicants understand that this role requires a formal qualification that is recognised in the UK. Due to sheer volumes of applications, we are unable to respond to applicants that do not meet the qualification requirements  if you would like to discuss your qualifications before application please contact a member of the PPA Education team. PPA Education is a recruitment business and is acting on behalf of a client in relation to this vacancy. All offers of employment ate subject to compliance with safeguarding legislations, including but not limited to an Enhanced CRB Disclosure. The business is built on a foundation of absolute honesty and integrity. PPA Education does not advertise jobs that do not exist, although due to advertising contracts, some adverts may remain on the web after they have been filled. PPA Education is a Quality Mark recruitment business that has been audited for compliance with the Safer Recruitment Guidelines by the DfE  an agency with this Quality Mark must demonstrate 100% compliance to maintain the Quality Mark. If this job is not right for you but you know someone that it may be suited to  give us a call with their name and if they are successful in obtaining work via PPA Education we will say Thank You with a **** Shopping Voucher of your choice. (durations of contract of temporary engagements are subject to change, and there is the possibility of the durations being extended or decreased depending upon the need)