Title: Commercial Location Coordinator
Webindex: 71866239
Company: SUCCESS BUILDER
Description: Commercial locations are some of the most valuable and regularly hired type of location in our industry, and it is the area that The Collective stands head and shoulders above any of our competitors in terms of both quality and quantity. The Collective represents many of the most popular commercial filming locations in the capital on an exclusive basis. In advance of you applying for the role, it would be worthwhile for you to become familiar with our Exclusive Collection  the portfolio of our most valuable and prestigious properties  as a key element of your role will be to successfully account manage a pool of these high value exclusive locations. Job Role The overarching key objectives of the role are: Enquiry Conversion Receive and interpret briefs from location managers and producers and present accurate options from our existing database Collaborate across the enquiry team and wider office to maximise the number of accurate options to increase the likelihood of conversion Organise site visits between enquirers and owners Negotiate terms that satisfy both parties and secure the hire fee in advance of the hire Generate and sign off hire agreements, invoices and purchase orders from existing industry approved templates. Oversee all aftercare issues such as damages and overtime for each hire to maintain positive relationships with location owners Account management of locations You will deliver the highest standard of service to a pool of exclusive location accounts to maximise interest and income and maintain the most positive relationship possible between the agency and the owner. Regularly visit your account managed locations and receive feedback from the owners Create and submit a quarterly performance report to your exclusive accounts. Identify new opportunities to improve our service to your accounts. Account management of productions The key contact for long running feature film and TV drama projects, delivering the highest standard of service to the location department of these productions to convert as many of their location briefs as possible. Client relationship development Collaborate with the head of department and marketing executive to strengthen existing relationships with individuals and production companies through regular communication and tailoring your service to respond to their requirements. Seek to forge wider agreements and arrangements with production companies to secure preferential status. To engage directly with our membership of location managers to generate new options for high value briefs. To evolve all existing positive relationships with location owners into more knowledgeable and personable ones. Special projects and networking Set nonenquiry based oneoff projects as part of your individual **** day plan which will lead to communication and collaboration with different departments within the organisation MD / Library / Enquiries / Marketing / Acquisitions to complete these projects to the highest standard. Identify, assess and plan out any new initiatives you are either offered or create yourself and then implement each initiative in order of priority. Visit our locations in action to witness the fruits of your labour Attend regular industry events postoffice hours to strengthen individual relationships, promote The Collective and also have an enjoyable night out with other team members Desired Skills Experience An ambitious and highly intelligent professional seeking a suitably ambitious company to unlock their potential A passion for the media industry, only apply if you harbour a genuine interest in film, TV and the visual arts including music videos and TV commercials Hold a genuine interest in the London architectural landscape; if you are a fan of Open House London then this role is a natural fit. A proven achiever in a previous sales or target based role. Experience in account management, client development or along similar lines would strengthen your candidacy. A solid knowledge of Greater London geography is desirable. A willing contributor, generous with donating their time for the wider develop of the company. Well presented with outstanding all round communication skills A warm but professional telephone manner and the natural ability to build rapport, the phone is our primary communication tool to establish and strengthen client relationships. The ability to be diplomatic and calm, as an agent you are positioned in the middle, always bringing people together. An interest in and proficiency in photography would be desirable but not essential. Technically proficient in all conventional Microsoft Office software essential. The ability to use design packages such as In Design and Final Cut Pro is a welcome bonus Contacts within the film location industry would be desirable but not essential Hold a clean driving licence Company Description The Collective is London s most highly regarded and widely referenced film and TV location agency, promoting a database of over **** prestigious residential and commercial properties for hire. Our database has developed into the most prestigious in town and is at the forefront of consideration of every production working in and around London. In the past twelve months we have worked closely with some of the biggest films to have hit (or are about to hit) cinema audiences across the globe; a small selection of recent credits is Skyfall, Les Miserable, World War Z, Dark Knight Rises , Thor II , Fast and the Furious **** , Judge Dredd, The Sweeney, Quartet and Great Expectations. We are also a first port of call and regularly provide locations for most of the much loved dramas based in and around London: Downton Abbey, Luther, Call the Midwife, Black Mirror, Silent Witness, Lewis, New Tricks, The Thick of It, The Hour, The Hunted and Mr Selfridge. Due to the short deadline, quick turnaround nature of the hires we administrate, the office environment is fastpaced. We are a close, goodnatured and tight knit team of hardworkers focused on continually delivering a high standard of service to both property owners and production companies. The successful candidate will become an important component in an exciting, rapidly evolving organisation. You have the opportunity of working in a highly desirable, creative industry in a vibrant and collaborative office environment; a converted warehouse in a quiet, cobbled corner of Camden Town. This new role comes with a welldeserved and highly attractive bonus package for reaching and exceeding the realistic milestones. If you feel you are the perfect candidate please explain why through your CV and a nonoptional cover note and send to Lucinda at enquirieslocationcollective.co.uk IMPORTANT APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS After your initial application there will be a second stage of the recruitment process, which historically has been a very enjoyable experience for candidates and will give you a basic insight into one of the many different faces of location management. Due to this creative recruitment process we highly recommend that you submit your initial application at your earliest convenience to ensure you have sufficient time to complete the next step. Please note the deadline for applications is Friday 15th February at 1pm The Collective has two current employment opportunities; please inform us if you are also applying for the position of Residential Location Coordinator when you apply. Please include a cover letter in your application, and remember to state your current period of notice, if any. Good luck