Title: MFL French Teacher NQT or QTS
Webindex: 70150084
Company: Capita Education
Description: MFL Teacher QTS / NQT St Neots ****  **** Per Day Maternity This lovely school in St Neots requires an NQT/QTS Modern Foreign Languages Teacher to join them initially on a day to day basis with a view to enjoying a longterm opportunity. You will be required to teach French to KS**** This is a warm and welcoming school which provides opportunities for all of their students to excel academically in a wide variety of extracurricular areas. Students are encouraged in their learning to enquire, challenge and be creative in order to become the best that they can be. Students make good progress in their lessons and the standard of teaching is very good. This would be a great opportunity for an NQT to learn from an experienced and supportive MFL department. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To become part of the Capita supply team at this Secondary School you will be: A NQT or QTS Modern Foreign Languages Specialist A Specialist in French Prepared to commit to this fabulous supply opportunity initially on a day to day basis with a view to more longterm opportunities Able to provide support to children with varying challenges in a creative and innovative way Able to work as part of a team or on your own initiative At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from: The support of a dedicated 'Secondary Consultant' Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme Excellent opportunities for CPD Wonderful facilities at school level Opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme as applicable We are also able to provide you with an excellent payroll service which enables you to maximise your earning potential. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. CER is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. For further details about this role please contact Rachel Linforth on **** **** or send your CV to rachel.linforthcapita.co.uk