Title: Science Technician Technicians at St Simon Stock Catholic School, MAIDSTONE
Webindex: 68340103
Company: ST SIMON STOCK CATHOLIC SCHOOL
Description: Science Laboratory Technician February / March 2013 St Simon Stock Catholic School is a Science Specialist School and we believe that practical science is a key part of students learning. We are seeking to appoint a Science Laboratory Technician to support our enthusiastic science team. 35 hours per week for 38 weeks per year (term time only). Salary: **** **** (salary to be prorata), dependent on experience. To apply, please visit our website via the button below. Alternatively please contact on **** **** Closing date: 9am 28th January, 2013  interviews will take place shortly after. We are committed to safeguarding and protecting the welfare of children and vulnerable adults. If appointed an enhanced disclosure will be a requirement. Science Technician Job Description Health and Safety • To report points of Health and Safety to the Subject Leader of Science and to keep the spillage kits fully stocked. • Providing information, where known, of potential risks/hazards with equipment and chemicals (for chemicals, this takes the form of ‘Hazards’ which are adjusted for different laboratories). • Safe disposal of chemical and biological waste within the Science Department. • To take an overall responsibility for the organisation of equipment and general tidiness of the laboratories and preparation rooms. Maintenance and Repairs • To liaise with the caretaker and site manager concerning maintenance and repairs to laboratory fixtures and fittings. • Construction of and minor repairs to equipment, when necessary and assisting with required electrical testing of equipment. Administration • To take an overall responsibility for the organisation of equipment and general tidiness of the laboratories and preparation rooms. • Organisation and labeling of cupboards and equipment in laboratories and preparation rooms to ensure a safe and orderly environment. • To ensure all new items of stock are appropriately labeled as they arrive (ie date stamping, asset labeling, textbook stamping etc) • Annual renewal of the inventory of materials and equipment and associated stock taking duties. • To input technical staff matters at science department meetings • Assist in the sourcing of orders and to keep an up to date record of those stock items and consumables which need replenishing and to order as necessary. • Photocopying as necessary: limited to making class sets of worksheets. Reprographics staff carries out bulk copying and copies of exam papers. • Assist in the mounting of displays of materials and visual aids for opening evenings • Annual renewal of the inventory of materials and equipment and associated stock taking duties General Duties • Collection of equipment and materials (including worksheets) from storage and their delivery for class use/demonstration/open evenings. • Preparation of special/specific requirements for pupils practical assessments / examinations. School Information St Simon Stock Catholic School is a mixed **** Catholic comprehensive school in a selective authority, located on a pleasant campus in Maidstone, Kent. We welcome students of all levels of ability and our mission is that all our students, guided by Gospel values, achieve their full potential within the Christian context of service to others. Our primary aim is that all our students are happy, feel safe and support each other. We believe passionately that students who feel happy, secure and cared for will learn well. Main Subject: Fulltime Our School and all its personnel are committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of the children. This post is subject to an Enhanced Disclosure Application to the Criminal Records Bureau.