Title: KS2 teachers needed in North West London
Webindex: 71676948
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: Primary schools in North West London are seeking Key Stage 2 Teachers to start with them immediately for the rest of term and through the academic year. The classes includes pupils of very mixed abilities, so a patient, supportive and creative approach to inspired learning is essential. Our schools have some wonderful facilities that enable music, drama and creative writing as part of their overall aim to increase the ability of each child to communicate through both talk and writing. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for these roles in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To that end, you must meet the following requirements:  You must be a qualified Primary teacher with QTS  Able to demonstrate that you have fully engaged children and kept them task focused  Used to incorporating drama, reading, music and play to improve understanding and communication  Used to working with children with EAL and have a patient and considerate approach to individual needs  A fun and engaging Teacher that inspires children to tackle more challenging work  Happy to ensure that marking is completed at the end of the day and the classroom in left tidy  Able to support the school learning policies and become an active member of the teaching team At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. Our London Primary team are exceptionally busy at the moment and so if you know any other Primary teachers looking for work we will be very happy to help them. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from: . The support of a dedicated Primary Consultant . Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level . Good rates of pay . **** Recommend a Friend Scheme. If you register and recommend a friend who works 20 days, you will earn a **** bonus. . Lots of work available . A fast clearance process so you can get working as soon as possible . Excellent opportunities for CPD Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding teaching role please contact David david.whithamcapita.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/KS2teachersneededinNorthWestLondon_job****