Title: Advanced Skills Teacher  English
Webindex: 68183764
Company: Connaught Education
Description: English Advanced Skills Teacher Are you an experienced English teacher holding UK QTS? Do you have the ability to challenge, inspire and motivate your students? Are you a current English Advanced Skills Teacher or an outstanding teacher of English looking to take their next career step and see the AST role as your next objective? If you are diligent, inspiring and forward thinking English Teacher or AST then this might be the ideal role for you AST Pay Scale English Teacher – AST Role (With training if required) Permanent Position September 2013 Start Coventry Based in the LEA of Coventry this school are seeking to appoint an English Advanced Skills Teacher for a September 2013 start This large Secondary School in Coventry for pupils aged **** are looking to recruit an existing Advanced Skills Teacher or an “outstanding” Teacher of English , who they can support through training, to the role of English AST. The School seeks a wellqualified Teacher of English who can demonstrate outstanding examination results at GCSE level and KS**** Are you able to demonstrate evidence of continuous improvement in teaching and learning? Do you also have the ability to develop and inspire colleagues across the English curriculum? Working from September 2013 as an English Teacher/AST this will be an exciting time to join this large mixed secondary school, with new curriculum changes planned for the coming year. The school encourages all departments in the coordination and sharing of good practice, which enables a smooth transition for students as they are guided through the various stages of their education. The school have created a warm and supportive community where students are encouraged to aim high, exceed expectations and develop on academic, social and emotional levels. Students are given every opportunity to develop initiative, creative thinking and collaborative skills through an exciting curriculum. If you are an English AST or currently an Outstanding English Teacher and would be interested in this post please email your CV to Chris at Connaught today Connaught Education operates as an Employment Business and an Employment Agency. We are a committed equal opportunities employer who respect and value cultural diversity. We are committed to supporting the welfare of children and young people. In support of current Safeguarding legislation and as a DfE Quality Mark agency, we will carry out background checks and an Enhanced CRB Disclosure as part of our recruitment and selection procedures.