Title: KS1 Teacher Required South London Prep School  January 2013
Webindex: 68804303
Company: REESON EDUCATION
Description: Year One Teacher required for Outstanding South London Preparatory School  Experienced KS**** Teacher required  Lovely School and friendly Head Teacher  Outstanding London Preparatory School  Long Term to Permanent Position  To start as soon as possible (January 20****3)  Located closer to transport links Are you a vibrant and creative primary teacher looking to join a high performing preparatory school? If this sounds like you, please apply now This outstanding London Preparatory school, is looking for an outstanding KS1 class teacher to join their friendly and dedicated staff team from January 2013. The school is situated in a beautiful building in a leafy area of South London. The school is equipped with excellent resources and a school sports field. Children within the school are conscientious and keen to learn. Student behaviour tends to be outstanding. This two form entry school is proud to offer small classes of just 16 children per class, along with offering a smart ICT suite and class ICT equipment. The school is managed by a friendly and approachable Head Teacher who is keen to employ staff that are dynamic, have high expectations and are passionate about achieving the best for their children. All teachers are very well supported within the school and there are great opportunities for fast career progression within this role. Successful candidates will be those that hold a formal teaching qualification and have been teaching in the UK for at least three months. Teachers need to have a firm knowledge of the UK KS1 curriculum, along with preferably having taught or currently teaching Year One. If you are keen to join a positive working environment with children that want to learn and develop, this could be the school for you. The head teacher is keen to recruit ASAP so please do not hesitate to email your CV for an immediate interview.