Title: English Teachers Required  Kent
Webindex: 71295273
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment   Further Education
Description: Excellent English Teaching Jobs in Hextable. Are you a specialist English Teacher looking for 5 days a week supply in Hextable? Hays Education are currently looking for English Teachers who are available 5 days a week to provide cover for both day to day supply and long term posts in the Hextable area. Hays Education is currently looking for specialist English teachers who can teach English within Secondary Schools 5 days a week. English teaching jobs in Hextable could either be on a daily basis or as part of a longterm contract with flexible and competitive pay scales. In order to apply for this position, you must be available to teach English within Secondary Schools 5 days a week. Hays Education currently work with a number of Secondary Schools in Hextable. These schools provide a number of English teaching jobs. Hays offers a bespoke supply teaching service so whether it is daily work, long term assignments, short contracts or permanent work we are confident we will be able to support you. To be considered for English Teaching jobs in Hextable you must have: Recent experience of teaching English within a Secondary School QTS A dedication to innovative and stimulating teaching methods A proven track record of classroom management Ability to work 5 days a week Not only will you receive all the support you need from a Department of Education accredited recruitment expert, while working for Hays you ll also enjoy a range of employee benefits, including: **** reward every time you recommend a colleague Access to free Professional Development Training Option to join our Guarantee Teacher Scheme Terms and conditions apply To find out more about this and other English Teaching jobs in Hextable please contact Tamar Bannister on (Apply online only) or please apply and attach your C.V. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at (url removed)