Title: Head of Curriculum
Webindex: 69932316
Company: Stanger Kirkwood
Description: Head of Curriculum ****  **** plus benefits This national organisation is one of the UK s largest and most experienced providers of Government funded welfare to work and skills training programmes. The Role This role will have responsibility for the day to day leadership of the Curriculum provision. This will include leading on progress towards key deliverables within the Curriculum Business Plan and the Teaching, Learning and Assessment Strategy. Key Responsibilities To lead the area in a way that ensures the highest quality learning is available to students, including supporting operational staff to ensure quality teaching, learning and assessment. To monitor, support and develop the fulltime and parttime curriculum; particularly to the development of teaching and learning styles and the quality of the students classroom experience. To be responsible for the quality of all written schemes of work, session plans and materials. To manage the review of examination results, retention rates and added value indicators. To select, monitor and update course specifications. To ensure the production of approved documentation for all courses in collaboration with operational managers. To effectively oversee and monitor the marking, moderation and verification of internal assessments and coursework. To support staff in the completion of external moderation/verification procedures. To manage the annual programme and course review process for the area. To monitor and ensure that practitioners are familiar with agreed targets and action plans. To be responsible for the performance, motivation and welfare of the teaching and support staff who work in the division. To lead on the implementation of the Observation of Teaching and Learning Policy. Essential Qualifications Level 4 professional qualification in a vocational area A full teaching qualification Assessment and Verification qualifications Membership of the IfL Essential Experience Experience of working within an FE environment at Curriculum Manager level Experience/knowledge of the Skills Sector and of current Government initiatives Training and/ or teaching experience Knowledge of SFA funding methodology Knowledge of Ofsted and inspections Project management experience Experience of working at the level of Head of Department within learning and skills Experience/knowledge of the Employability Sector