Title: Maths Graduate Teaching Assistant Immediate Start
Webindex: 71556368
Company: Edustaff  Ltd
Description: Are you a University Graduate with a ****:1 or 1st Class Honours Degree in Maths? Are you looking to pursue a career as a Secondary Maths Teacher? Do you need experience in Schools to support an applicant for a Maths Teacher PGCE or School Direct Scheme (SDS) next year? Have you thought about a role as a Graduate Maths Teaching Assistant? Would you like to work at an Outstanding Ofsted 2012 Secondary School in Birmingham? If so, then your perfect job may have just come in  Teaching Assistant Graduate of Maths  Outstanding Ofsted 2012 Secondary School Full time position until August 2013 Immediate start Birmingham **** per day High achieving Maths Department Excellent Headteacher s last Ofsted report in 2012 graded them as Outstanding and praised the overall effectiveness of the school. Exam results have recently been excellent, with the school posting some of the Highest Value Added scores in Birmingham. The Headteacher has a clear vision and ambition for the school to keep developing and establishing itself as a centre of excellence. The school plays an important role in community cohesion at all levels, and possesses a multicultural diversity throughout. As the successful Teaching Assistant will be provided with an insight into the day to day running of an exceptional school, which possesses a committed and passionate teaching staff. The school provide a supportive and inclusive environment and as the successful Teaching Assistant will be given every opportunity to test and develop your skills within an environment of excellence. This excellent Teaching Assistant role is ideal for a Graduate who, having completed a Degree based around Maths, are looking to gain experience in schools prior to starting a PGCE or SDS course next year. If you are interested in this outstanding opportunity please email a copy of your CV to Alfie at Edustaff immediately and avoid missing out on this excellent opportunity Your application will be passed onto the client and if we do not contact you directly within 7 days, your application was unsuccessful