Title: Are you a Mathematics Teacher with a Difference?
Webindex: 68696345
Company: Remedy Education
Description: Are you a Mathematics Teacher with a Difference? Remedy Education are proud to offering this amazing opportunity for the right person to join a thriving Mathematics department in a promising, warm and welcoming school in South West London. The role will involve teaching KS**** and KS4 Mathematics with the ability to teach KS**** giving you a distinct advantage. There are good travel links from both the inner city and coast making it very easy to get to and from the school. Applicants must be familiar with the UK. The ideal candidates will have experience teaching students with English as a second language, with a good solid understanding and knowledge of the National Curriculum, and be dedicated to teaching. To apply for Primary Teaching positions, you will need to meet the following criteria: Qualified Teacher Status either PGCE, GTP or overseas equivalent Eligible to work in the UK Qualified to teach Secondary Experience teaching KS****S4 Valid references, CRB/police checks Successful applicants will need to posses the following skills: Exceptional literacy and numeracy skills Outstanding teaching skills Positive and creative approach to teaching Excellent classroom and behaviour management skills Highly organised with excellent preparation Excellent communication skills with pupils, staff and parents If you are a qualified Secondary Teacher and would like to apply for these roles, please contact Leigh at Remedy Education today and apply within. Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd endeavor to be an equal opportunities employer and we welcome applications from everyone with suitable skills and ability regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, gender, disability, sexual orientation, age, religion or belief. All applications will be accepted and reviewed solely on merit. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreyouaMathematicsTeacherwithaDifference_job****