Title: Female PE Teacher  Central London Borough of Westminster  Outstanding secondary school
Webindex: 68542250
Company: EDUSTAFF
Description: An outstanding secondary Academy in the central London Borough of Westminster is looking for a Female PE Teacher. Can you help? A fantastic opportunity had arisen for an outstanding Female PE Teacher at a top, mixed **** school in central London. Don t miss out If you re an experienced Female PE Teacher, or Newly Qualified and you d love to work in an outstanding inner city school, get in touch today Female PE Teacher immediate post long term until the end of the academic year Could become permanent from July 2013 Excellent rate of pay (up to **** depending on experience) Inner City, Outstanding **** School School in the Top 5% most improved schools in the country Inspirational Head and Fantastic Support for NQTs KS**** **** and BTEC Excellent Exam results 2012 An amazing opportunity has arisen in an outstanding secondary school in central London. The School are looking for an exceptional Female PE Teacher who can start ASAP Located in the Central London Borough of Westminster this school is easily located close to a number of main line tube and overground stations. This is an inspirational school that has been graded Outstanding in every category of their Ofsted inspection 2011. This is a popular, oversubscribed Inner City school that offers an excellent education. Facilities are excellent thanks to the new state of the art building they moved in to back in **** They have an opportunity for an excellent Female PE Teacher. They are looking for an ambitious NQT, or an outstanding and experienced PE Teacher who wants to work in an outstanding school which offers 1st rate support for all members of staff. Sound like you? For you to be successful you will need to be an exceptional PE Teacher who is driven, ambitious and can offer students creative, fun and dynamic lessons. With this school being highly competitive in every aspect of sport, you will need to be able to inspire and motivate students at every level. Experience in all PE subjects would be good, but all specialism will be considered The school has fantastic facilities on offer to the PE Department and you will truly flourish as a teacher at this school. This is a fast moving and support department where you will grow as a Teacher. Applications are invited from Female PE teachers to join one of the most successful departments in the school. PE is a very popular option at GCSE and there is also a very successful BTEC National Certificate course in the sixth form. The department has outstanding exam results: 100% A  C in GCSE PE and 100% A B in BTEC National Certificate. If you feel you have the outstanding qualities to work at this top school then please email a CV and covering letter to Nigel at Edustaff. If you re and outstanding Female PE Teacher who wants to join one of London s best known schools, get in touch today, or you could miss out