Title: NQT English Teacher
Webindex: 70761631
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: NQT English Teacher Hackney, East London September 20****3 Outstanding Ofsted Are you an experienced or newly qualified teacher of English looking for a role at a vibrant, cosmopolitan school in Inner London? Would you like to join a school that has a great induction package for NQT s and can offer a defined career path into posts of responsibility? If so this could be the school you have been looking for NQT English Teacher GCSE and ALevel September 2013  Good school with steadily improving results Plenty of scope for career progression Permanent role on MPS/UPS This well run, large East London Comprehensive is looking to appoint a new teacher of English to join the school starting in either September 2013 on a permanent basis. The school would ideally like to appoint a newly qualified teacher who they could develop in line with the schools teaching ethos and style. The school is a global school that has students who speak over **** languages with the highest proportion of students being from afroCaribbean and Bangladesh backgrounds. The number of EAL students at this school are around the 80% mark with large numbers of free school meals and low socioeconomic standing being the norm for many pupils. The English department consists of 10 teachers, 1 inspirational head of department and a highly skilled AST. All teachers in the department work hard to deliver engaging lessons that challenge independent thinking and progression. All teachers at this school need classroom presence and the ability to manage behaviour although the school has excellent policies. The school offers ongoing training and development to all its staff members. There is an excellent induction programme for NQT s and opportunities for experienced teachers to progress in to areas of responsibility. This is a permanent post and if you feel you have something to offer please email your CV and covering letter to Adrian at Edustaff today