Title: Day to Day Supply Essex
Webindex: 71877994
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: Secondary Supply Teachers required for Essex  Local work available throughout the County of Essex  Excellent rates of pay  Join an agency who will look after you: 'Winners of the Best Customer Care Award  Recruiter Awards Come and join the award winning team at Career Teachers; Proud winners of 'The Best Candidate Care Award'  RECRUITER  Awards for Excellence Career Teachers work with the majority of schools in the local area and has preferred supply agreements with schools that hold excellent reputations in the county, which means they solely work with us, leading to regular local supply work all academic year. Skills Required: Applicants must be fully qualified teachers and hold suitably recognised teaching qualifications as well as recent and relevant teaching experience. All supply teachers must also hold the right to work within the UK. Good supply teachers should hold the following attributes: Strong behaviour management skills Good subject knowledge Flexibility and reliability Organised and efficient at travelling in the London rush hour. Benefits: At Career Teachers, you will be assigned to an experienced personal consultant who will be based in our office who will meet with you facetoface, and be on hand for support. Your consultant will place you in a post that matches your experience and personally liaise with schools on your behalf. We offer excellent daily rates and can arrange a suitable work timetable to suit your individual needs. Career Teachers offers accredited CPD courses for all their supply staff. Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.