Title: Primary Learning Support Assistant
Webindex: 62113394
Company: Edustaff   Manchester
Description: Primary Learning Support Assistants Required Manchester January ****013 Are you a recent graduate looking for primary school based experienced working as a learning support assistant to pupils with SEN before going on to do a PGCE? Are you a Psychology Graduate who is looking to for **** and small group work experience with pupils with SEN before embarking on a career as an educational psychologist? Can you commit for initially for two terms January ? July 2013? If the answer is yes my client primary school has an excellent opportunity for you. Primary Learning Support Assistant **** and Small Group work Close to Public Transport Links Excellent Site and Facilities. Are you a graduate looking to join a primary SEN team gaining real and valuable experience as a learning support assistant? Do you have the confidence to work **** and lead small group activities for pupils with special educational needs? Due to the restructuring of my client schools SEN team two fantastic LSA opportunities have arisen starting January 2013. Responsibility for the school SEN pupils will be passing to the Deputy Head and an HLTA who are both already on the staff. The school now wants to appoint 2 LSA?s specifically for working with pupils with SEN. You will be working with identified pupils mainly in small groups and be responsible for the planning, preparation and monitoring of their groups under the guidance of the HLTA/Deputy Head. This really is a fantastic opportunity to gain valuable experience evaluating, assessing and raising attainment levels through targeted sessions. The school serves a lower socio economic area. The school serves a culturally divers cross section of the community with over **** languages spoken. A high proportion of pupils speak English as an additional language. If you are looking for a support role in a school which is in a well maintained and managed school look no further you have found it For an immediate interview please email your CV to Mark at Edustaff today.