Title: Year 5 Teacher, Acocks Green Birmingham
Webindex: 69219928
Company: Aspire People Limited
Description: Year 5 Teacher **** **** Per Day Full Time and Long Term Positions Acocks Green, Birmingham Are you a fully qualified teacher? Are you an NQT? Are you looking for an exciting opportunity in teaching? Aspire People are urgently seeking fully qualified early years primary teachers to work within our primary schools in the Acocks Green Area. If you are an newly qualified teacher (NQT) or experienced teacher looking for local work in Kings Heath primary schools to teach early years and are available between **** to 5 days a week, or for long term positions, then we are very eager to speak to you. Skills and experience that are required: ? You must have Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) however these positions are also open to NQT's (Newly Qualified Teachers) ? An enthusiastic, wellmotivated and talented classroom practitioner ? Ideally situated within the Acocks Green area or willing to travel to South Birmingham ? An ability to inspire children, staff and parents alike ? Excellent knowledge of the National Curriculum ? A friendly caring nature ? The capacity to identify and target specific, individual needs ? Keen to learn and develop professionally ? Can create an environment that nurtures and stimulates positive attitudes, independence and an innovative approach to facilitating learning and teaching. Some of our Acocks Green primary schools require early years teachers to have excellent behavioural strategies and a strong, directive presence within the classroom environment. Aspire People is a DFE accredited agency and can provide you with highly competitive rates of pay as well as your own consultant. We pay all teachers to scale, you will have your own dedicated consultant, we will write a specialised CV for you, as well as giving you the opportunity to meet other teachers at social events. Aspire People may also be able to secure you a long term placement at a school. This will be dependent on your professionalism, flexibility, work ethic and feedback on your assignments. All candidates are subject to List **** checks, must provide a recent Criminal records Bureau check and also be able to provide two references from each of their last two teaching posts. Aspire People are an equal opportunities employer and welcome applications from NQT's , TA's and fully qualified teachers. As long as you have a real passion for teaching and for inspiring the youth of today, you can communicate well with your consultant and go that extra mile for all of our clients we could have the ideal solution for you Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Criminal Records Bureau.