Title: NQT Pool  2013
Webindex: 69668838
Company: HAYS
Description: NQT Pool 20****3, Wolverhampton, Walsall & Dudley  North Midlands Are you a Newly Qualified Teacher in Wolverhampton, Walsall or Dudley, North Midlands and looking to work with a local recruitment consultancy to secure your first job? Hays Education are urgently looking for NQTs who graduate in 2013. Hays Education is part of Hays Specialist Recruitment  the UK's largest and most successful specialist recruitment group. Our Education division has 33 offices nationwide and is unique in having a dedicated permanent recruitment division that was established 8 years ago and works in exclusive partnership with over **** schools within the state and independent sector to facilitate all permanent vacancies from initial advert to appointment. Each year we help place more than **** NQT's in their first position. Hays Education works in exclusive partnership with schools locally on a permanent and temporary basis, giving you immediate access to some of the most sought after positions in the market. In addition, final year students and NQTs are being recruited over the next two terms to undertake daytoday and long term assignments throughout Wolverhampton, Walsall and Dudley, North Midlands. Whatever area you chose to specialise, from EYFS to Secondary, Hays Education is able to support you in securing your first job. NQTs we place will be expected to:  Have full class teaching responsibility  Take responsibility for the progress pupils  Plan, prepare and present lessons  Maintaining positive behaviour management strategies  Prepare and mark pupil's work  Provide feedback to parents on a pupil's progress  Take part in school events and activities  Have qualified teacher status (QTS) The benefits of working with Hays Education NQT pool are:  Priority access to our partnership clients  A local office and local schools to work in  NQT client networking events  Support for completing application forms and interviews  Paid to scale for all long term assignments from day 1  Your own dedicated local consultants working proactively on your behalf  Access to Hays training programmes including annual safeguarding training Many of Hays education NQT pool go on to secure their induction year either through Hays or in their first permanent role. Feedback from one of our NQTs from last years pool: 'I cannot thank Hays enough. The competition for work upon leaving Univeristy was fierce and I found myself unprepared for the vigorous interviews. Having worked with Hays for one term I undertook several day to day assignment and my confidence grew dramatically. Hays secured a role for me from Christmas at a school I wouldn't have even thought of applying to.' To access vacancies and updates please also look at our facebook NQT page www.facebook.com/HaysNQTUK For more information, contact Rob Fain at Hays Education Wolverhampton on **** **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk