Title: Placement Liaison Officer
Webindex: 68693167
Company: JHP Training
Description: JHP are currently looking to recruit an experienced Placement Liaison Officer to cover the Greater Manchester and Cheshire region. You will be expected to support clients prior to and during Work Placement activity, ensuring they meet employer expectations and sustain their Placement. You will need to have a proven track record of working/exceeding targets, have experience of ****:**** and group support for disadvantaged groups, IAG experience, as well as knowledge of government funded programmes and the local labour market. You will be expected to travel to other locations connected with the business of the centre as and when required. The role will also include working with colleagues to raise standards of service delivery. JHP Group is passionate about improving skills, raising aspirations and developing opportunities for our staff and clients. Every day the teams at our Centres across the UK offer a wide range of workbased and jobseeker training for adults and young people. So if you're passionate, professional and proactive, you could go a long way with us. When applying, please include a covering letter outlining why you think you would be suitable for this position. Requirements for this role: Essential:  Proven track record of achieving/exceeding targets  Recruitment experience  NVQ/Key (core) skills in the workplace  Full driving license and use of vehicle  IAG qualification Desirable:  Knowledge of government funded programmes  Contacts with local companies  Good knowledge of the labour market Benefits:  33 days holiday  including **** statutory holidays  Childcare Vouchers  Pension Scheme  Employee Assistance Programme  Career progression and development All positions within JHP Group are subject to the receipt of satisfactory 3 years written references and evidence of your Right to Work in the UK. As part of JHP's commitment to safeguarding vulnerable groups, some roles will require a CRB / Disclosure Scotland check. Applicants invited to attend interview will again be made aware of this at the point of invitation. JHP Training welcomes applications from all sectors of the community. If you have not heard within 14 days of the closing date, your application has been unsuccessful. Due to the large number of applications we are unable to give individual feedback. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PlacementLiaisonOfficer_job****