Title: Curriculum Training Coordinator / Course Tutor Developer (ISO)
Webindex: 69553110
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Curriculum Training Coordinator / Course Tutor Developer (ISO) BSI (British Standards Institution) is the business standards company that equips businesses with the necessary solutions to turn standards of best practice into habits of excellence. Formed in **** BSI was the world’s first National Standards Body and a founding member of the International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO). Over a century later it continues to facilitate business improvement across the globe by helping its clients drive performance, reduce risk and grow sustainably through the adoption of international management systems standards, many of which BSI originated. Famed for its marks of excellence including the instantly recognisable Kitemark, BSI’s influence spans multiple sectors including aerospace, construction, energy, engineering, finance, healthcare, IT and retail. With over **** clients in 147 countries, BSI is an organisation whose standards inspire excellence across the globe. Position: Global Training Course Developer Location: Milton Keynes Salary: up to ****k ROLE: They currently have an exciting opportunity as a Curriculum Training Coordinator / Course Tutor Developer within their Global Training Team. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Design and develop high quality training products for commercial use by BSI’s global training business. b) The role includes both the development of new courses, and the maintenance of existing courses through training product updates and revisions. c) The scope of the position encompasses all methods of delivery, including (but not limited to): instructorled training, blended learning, eLearning and distance learning. d) As the incumbent, you will report to the Global Training Development Manager, and work closely with Global Training Course Owners and Subject Matter Experts when developing courses. e) To successfully perform the role, you will use your course development experience to create engaging and effective content that successfully achieves the identified learning outcomes. f) You will also ensure that development projects are completed on time. g) As a Global Training Course Developer, you will be an essential member of the Global Training Product Development Team, and play an important part in driving the growth of BSI’s global training business. h) Design and develop courses using proven Instructional Design concepts and learning methodologies (such as ADDIE and Accelerated Learning). i) Work closely with Course Owners and/or Subject Matter Experts to identify target audiences, set clear objectives, design session plans, write storyboards, create content, compile scripts and select assessment methods. j) Utilise practical examples, case studies and scenarios to achieve learning outcomes. Ensure that content is well structured, engaging, interactive, and pitched at the appropriate level. k) Ensure that accredited courses are designed and developed according to certified body requirements. Ensure that the training product development processes and guidelines are followed. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Previous experience within a similar Training Course Developer role. b) Ability to be creative and innovative in course design and development. c) Knowledge and understanding of Instructional Design concepts (such as ADDIE) and knowledge and understanding of learning methodologies (such as Accelerated Learning). d) Experienced at using MS Office, including PowerPoint, Excel and Word. e) High attention to detail, including formatting, editing and proofreading. f) Ability to troubleshoot course design and development problems. g) Extremely well organised and selfmotivated, with the ability to work both independently and as part of a team. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) The ability to read a Standard (such as ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 27001, OHSAS 18001 etc.) and understand its purpose, structure, and key requirements and identify differences. b) Experience as a trainer/tutor. You may have experience of the following: Global Training Coordinator, Curriculum Architect, Course Developer, ISO, Training Coordinator, Trainer, Learning and Development, Training Coordinator, Blended Learning, International Organisation for Standardisation, Tutor, Curriculum Manager, Assessor, Course Leader, University Lecturer, Quality Coordinator, Accelerated Learning, Training Standards, Distant Learning, Syllabus Manager, Training Standards, Curriculum Development Officer, etc This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.