Title: Early Years Primary Teacher  Stockport
Webindex: 66704514
Company: Capita Education
Description: Capita Education is seeking to appoint an Early Years Teacher to join our successful supply teaching team and to work in a local primary school in the Stockport area. 'This is a good school. Outstanding care, guidance and support ensure pupils feel extremely safe, secure and happy'  Ofsted 2010 The school is an inclusive, fully subscribed school and the staff and governors are constantly working hard to ensure that the children receive the best opportunities for learning. Successful Teachers will be joining an experienced and enthusiastic team who are committed to enhancing the educational and personal development of the children and must hold QTS and have recent experience in teaching the Early Years curriculum. Successful Teachers must have:  QTS friendly, well behaved children, eager to learn and a hard working and supportive team. At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. Our Manchester Primary team are exceptionally busy at the moment and so if you know any other Primary teachers looking for work we will be very happy to help them. Capita Education Resourcing has selected Key Portfolio to provide an Umbrella Company service for its candidates. By becoming an employee of the Umbrella Company, you are entitled to treat legitimate business expenses such as train and bus fares, stationery and CRB fees as allowable against income tax. This guarantees that you will always receive an increase in your takehome pay compared to PAYE. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. Please contact Jennifer at Capita Education Resourcing on **** **** **** or email Jennifer.crowdercapita.co.uk