Title: Improving Health and Lives (IHaL) Project Manager
Webindex: 71883555
Company: NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT TEAM FOR INCLUSION
Description: The Learning Disability specialist Public Health Observatory (IHaL) has made a major contribution towards improving knowledge and practice about the health of adults with learning disabilities. We now wish to appoint a Project Manager to take forward NDTi s contribution to IHaL in our partnership with Public Health England and Lancaster University. The right person to lead this programme of work will be: Knowledgeable about national policy and good practice relating to the health of people with learning disabilities Well connected in the field Committed to innovative ways of improving health for people with learning disabilities Able to demonstrate a track record of achieving organisational change A great presenter and able to write clearly and succinctly For the fulltime rather than parttime role, the right person will also be knowledgeable about national policy and good practice relating to people with learning disabilities beyond health issues and will work on wider NDTi contracts. The NDTi HQ is based in Bath. Significant national travel is involved. Whilst applicants will be considered from people wishing to work from home elsewhere in the country (with regular visits to the Bath office), preference will be accorded to people able to work from or relocate to the Bath area. The closing date for applications will be the 13th February. Interviews will be on the ****5th February in Bath. For further details, go to our website: www.ndti.org.uk/aboutndti/vacanciess**** Informal enquiries can be made to the current postholder, Sue Turner (who will continue to oversee the work) on **** **** 2 Please note that final appointment will be subject to confirmation of continued funding for IHaL from Public Health England which is anticipated in the next few weeks. NDTi is committed to equality of opportunity and would particularly welcome applications from people from black and ethnic minority groups and also people with disabilities.