Title: Graduate English Teaching Assistant  Warwickshire Secondary School
Webindex: 69249027
Company: EDUSTAFF
Description: English Graduate Teaching Assistant Secondary School Alcester Are you a high achieving English graduate with a 1st or ****:1 class degree looking to work as a Teaching Assistant in a Secondary School? Are you able to generate a passion for English within a classroom environment? Are you looking to start a PGCE / TeachFirst or Schools Direct scheme over the coming year and need school experience to support your application, or have already been accepted on a course and would like to make a good head start? Are you able to commit to full time, term time work in a vibrant and diverse Warwickshire Secondary School as a Teaching Assistant? Teaching Assistant English Graduate Immediate Start South West Warwickshire **** per day High achieving school Group and 1:1 support My client s school, a medium sized, diverse secondary near Alcester in Warwickshire, is looking to appoint two outstanding English Graduates to work within the department. Rated Good and often Outstanding by Ofsted the school requires candidates with exemplary records of academic achievement that will continue to offer the same high standards of education that the parents, students and governors expect. The role will be focussing on supporting students as they prepare for GCSE s and ensuring that they attain set standards in the end of year exams. The role will involve working on a **** basis and with small groups who require extra support to attain accepted levels. The role is full time, 5 days a week during term time and is due to start as soon as possible. The head of the English department has a clear ambition for the department, and a desire to continually develop itself as a centre of excellence. This works alongside teaching staff that are able to deliver lessons that stimulate all involved. This rare opportunity will provide you with invaluable experience as you prepare for a career in teaching. You will be provided with an insight into the day to day running of a good school, which possesses committed and enthusiastic teaching staff. The school provide a supportive and inclusive environment and you will be given every opportunity to test and develop your skills within an environment of excellence. If you re committed to a career in education, and liked to be challenged on a daily basis, then this could be the opportunity for you. If you don t meet the above criteria then please do not apply.