Title: Teaching Assistant opportunity for a top Graduate
Webindex: 64214342
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: Are you a Graduate considering a future in education? Do you have a strong academic background at both University and ALevels? Would you like to gain some experience working in a large Primary School prior to starting your PGCE? Are you looking to work as a Teaching Assistant in a top Birmingham based Primary School? Can you communicate effectively and work with others to ensure children learn to their full potential? This Teaching Assistant role could be for you Teaching Assistant ? Graduate opportunity ******** per full day Yardley, Birmingham ?Good? Ofsted 2011 Primary School Immediate Start Full time, Long term contract, until August 201**** Ideal experience for future teachers My client Primary School are seeking a Graduate for the role of a generalist Teaching Assistant, working with a Year **** Class, to help assist and support pupils as the are preparing for SATs exams in May/June 2013.The role of a Teaching Assistant is full time, 5 days a week for the duration on the school year and is due to finish in August 2013. The school are looking for the successful Teaching Assistant, to start immediately in order to build a relationship with the pupils and Year 6 Teacher, and ensure rapport is in place for when preparation for SAT?s arrive. Communication and bond with the Year 6 pupils is a key element of your role, as you are required to maintain and raise attainment levels. The school can be found within the borders of Yardley, a vibrant and multicultural community, and the schools diversity reflects this. The school are currently going through a focused program of improvement and the successful Teaching Assistant will support this through your work, supporting the class teacher, predominantly in the fields of English and Mathematics, soyou must have high levels of literacy and numeracy. In your role as a Teaching Assistant, you will be expected to support both the high and low achievers in school, and will be working and supporting the gifted and talented, as well as pupils who require support to obtain the required attainment levels. This Teaching Assistant role will provide you with a variety of responsibilities and will involve working with groups and on a **** basis as required. As the successful Teaching Assistant you must be able to form strong working relationships with both students and the class teacher. The school currently supports 3 NQT?s and other student teachers throughout the year and will provide you with an ideal opportunity to get an insight into the teaching profession, its requirements, demands and rewards, prior to embarking on their own teaching career. If you are interested in this vacancy please email your CV and covering letter to Alfie  Edustaff today and avoid missing out on this excellent opportunity. Please note, only successful Graduates will be contacted.