Title: Cover Supervisor Frankley
Webindex: 70754569
Company: Aspire People
Description: Cover Supervisor Frankley Day to Day Supply with Long Term Assignments ****  **** a Day Are you an Aspiring teacher who enjoys Cover Supervisor work? Need experience to apply for a PGCE? Look no further, as Aspire People can provide that valuable experience in Frankley by providing you with Cover Supervisor work. The Cover Supervisor role is a position which caters to those with classroom management skills and can provide suitable cover in the absence of experienced teachers. The suitable candidates will be required to;  Hold a degree  Have good classroom management skills  Be ideally situated within Frankley  Be highly motivated to work in vastly improving classroom environments If you feel the Cover Supervisor position in Frankley is tailor made for you, this is a fantastic opportunity to excel in a classroom environment. Especially for aspiring teachers, NQT's and even Qualified Teachers  Then get in touch today  At Aspire People, we pride ourselves on enabling you to find a suitable school and fulfil your dream to teach. We understand that the future of teaching is important, therefore we can offer you, our Cover Supervisors, our full support. Safeguarding is an important sector within Aspire People. We carry out thorough security checks to ensure that our standards remain high. As holders of the quality mark, we must be able to have a face to face interview, as well as receive suitable pieces of documentation for our compliance process. At Aspire People, we hope to turnaround our files ASAP, making the compliance process one of our priorities. Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Criminal Records Bureau.