Title: Senior Programme (Course) Manager  Maternity Cover [up to ****mths Fixed term Contract]
Webindex: 68802299
Company: LONDON BUSINESS SCHOOL
Description: Senior Programme (Course) Manager Maternity Cover [up to ****mths Fixed term Contract] MBA, Degree Programmes Office Up to **** per annum (dependent on skills, knowledge and experience) plus excellent benefits London Business School, Regent s Park, London Closing date: 4th February 2013 The position: To support the MBA Student Services Manager in the operational planning and delivery of student services in the second year of the MBA Programme and by working in partnership with the Senior Programme Manager (first year) to plan and deliver a coherent student experience across the two years. The post is required to ensure that all the studentrelated programme management activities are delivered to a high standard, in a timely and efficient manner. In addition, the post holder will also assist the Programme Director and MBA Student Services Manager in the development of the programme and to deputise for either when required. The School: It is the Vision of London Business School to have a profound impact on the way the world does business. The department: The Degree Programmes Office is responsible for designing, promoting, recruiting for and delivering London Business School s portfolio of degree programmes, which includes the MBA, a suite of Executive MBA programmes (Londonbased, Dubaibased, EMBAGlobal with Columbia Business School and EMBAGlobal Asia with Columbia and HKU), the Sloan Masters in Leadership and Strategy, the Masters in Finance (fulltime and modular) and the Masters in Management. The Degree Programmes portfolio represents over 50% of London Business School s revenues. With our programmes consistently ranked in the top 5 in the world by the Financial Times, the department also plays an essential role in supporting the School s brand and reputation. The individual: The successful candidate will have a good first degree supported by substantial experience in programme management in higher education. You will have demonstrated capability of managing in a customer facing environment and will be strong in forward planning. You will have experience of managing, developing and motivating a team. You will possess excellent communication, customer service, interpersonal, project management, time management and presentation skills, show initiative and drive, and have the ability to negotiate and influence at a senior level whilst building and maintaining positive relationships. Benefits: London Business School offers its staff a wide range of professional development opportunities. Other benefits include generous holiday entitlement, season ticket loan, defined benefit pension scheme and onsite swimming pool, sauna and gym. For a full list of benefits, please visit our website. To apply: Please review the full job description and apply online on our website [click 'Visit website' below] and submit your CV, and a covering letter addressing the essential job requirements along with details of your eligibility to work in the UK Due to the high amount of interest that we receive for each of our roles unfortunately we cannot respond to each application individually. Therefore successful applicants only will be contacted within four weeks of the closing date.