Title: Teaching Assistant jobs  Cardiff
Webindex: 68686160
Company: Hays
Description: Teaching Assistant job  Cardiff **** to 12 month contract  potential to become permanent Start date  March 2013  part time  **** mornings per week An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Level 3 qualified Teaching Assistant to work within the Nursery department of a large, centrally based Primary School in Cardiff. The school is multicultural, and caters to children from a mixed catchment area  behaviour is good throughout. The Head Teacher actively encourages an environment where children feel safe and secure at all times and staff members are committed to supporting children to develop in all aspects. The right person will work within a friendly and supportive environment under a strong leadership team. This position is parttime and long term (612 month contract) with a very good likelihood of becoming permanent for the right person. We are looking for someone who is personable and approachable and has a genuine desire to support children in all aspects of their development. You will need to be ontask and have a proactive approach to your job role. You will be required to assist the class teacher with all elements of delivering the Foundation Phase Curriculum, including assisting with planning and preparation. In order to apply you will need; An NVQ Level 3 (or equivalent) Childcare qualification A proven track record of supporting children within the Foundation Phase An excellent understanding of child development I am looking to shortlist for this job as soon as possible. Interviews will take place with the head of the Foundation Phase and Class Teacher. To apply for this position, please send your current CV, detailing all relevant skills and experience. Please note that job offer is subject to satisfactory references and documentation. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TeachingAssistantjobsCardiff_job****