Title: PE Teaching Job: Hammersmtih & Fulham, London
Webindex: 72331216
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment Ltd
Description: Teacher of PE for a job in Hammersmith & Fulham starting January 201**** PE Teachers required to start in the New Year for an immediate start Hays Education is currently recruiting for an involved PE teacher for an ongoing position in the London Borough of Hammersmith & Fulham beginning in January 2013. The successful teacher will be teaching across key stages **** with a focus on key stage 3 and will be willing to contribute extensively to the outstanding PE department of the school. The department itself hosts regular extra curricula activities and is actively involved in much of the schools gaming fixtures throughout the term. Although small, the department has access to new facilities both on and off campus and the teacher must be willing to contribute 100%. Additionally, he/she will also act as a form tutor to students and be willing to take on the additional responsibilities that this entails. Experience is highly regarded, although it is not a necessity. To be considered this PE teaching job in Hammersmith & Fulham, candidates are required to meet the following criteria: Be a Newly Qualified Teacher (NQT), of Qualified Teachers Status (QTS) or equivalent. Have relevant PE teaching experience in a secondary school. Have strong classroom management and communication skills. Have a flexible approach to teaching. The benefits of working with Hays include: Competitive pay rates. Excellent CV advice. One on one consultant advice. Holiday Pay. Refer a friend scheme with rewards. Safeguarding training. To apply for this job please click 'apply'. To find out about other teaching job opportunities in Hammersmith & Fulham, and other areas of London please contact the Hays Education Victoria Office on [contact details removed] .Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk