Title: CAMPAIGNS INTERN (PAID POSITION)
Webindex: 71879525
Company: 38 DEGREES
Description: 38 Degrees is one of the leading campaigning organisations in the UK. In under four years, we ve grown to over a million members. Together, we ve helped stop the privatisation of England s forests and seen off some of the worst aspects of the government s plans for the NHS. 38 Degrees members choose our campaigns, and keep the organisation going: all our funding comes from our members chipping in. In 2013, 38 Degrees is starting a paid internship scheme, and we re looking for bright, enthusiastic people with a cando attitude to come and join our small staff team for a year. We d want successful candidates to work hard and learn fast. In return, the successful candidate will be equipped with all the skills and experiences they need to build a career in the fastestgrowing area of campaigning, as well as becoming a valued part of our friendly, closeknit office team in the process. ROLE Work alongside the 38 Degrees campaigns staff in every aspect of planning and running our peoplepowered campaigns. Lead on specific projects and particular areas of work. Develop your strategic and practical understanding of delivering campaigns, as well as acquiring highlytransferable technical and communications skills PERSON SPECIFICATION Passionate about the issues that 38 Degrees works on, including protecting public services, making our tax and banking systems fairer and protecting the environment. Keen to learn how campaigning works and how to use people power to make change happen. Experience of running campaigns in your own community or as a student would be an advantage. Energetic with a flexible cando attitude, and ready to work hard alongside everyone on our tightknit team. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, enabling you to work well with other team members and ask for help when it s needed. Clear, concise writing style. Good organisation and administration skills, including familiarity with managing your own workload. Used to applying attention to detail and concentration in busy surroundings, whether the job is big or small. Comfortable with using different software packages and able learn new IT skills quickly. Some knowledge of HTML or other technical skill is desirable, but not essential. HOW TO APPLY You can download and submit an application form on the 38 Degrees website. In your personal statement, please outline clearly how you meet the criteria listed in the the person specification above. Please include details of voluntary positions in the employment history section of the form where relevant. Deadline is 6.00 pm 4th Feb 2013 TERMS 12 month contract Full time with some flexibility  average **** hours/week Salary: **** per annum 27 days holiday per annum plus public holidays