Title: Associate Director of Science  London
Webindex: 69847394
Company: EDUSTAFF
Description: Associate Director of Science Outer London Borough of Havering Permanent post with TLR Are you a highly experienced Science Teacher who is looking to take on responsibility? Or do you already have a similar role but would relish a new challenge? Would you like to work in a good mixed comprehensive located in the Outer London Borough of Havering away from the hustle and bustle of London? This could be the school you have been looking for Associate Director of Science Outer London Pay NOT FRINGE Permanent role with MPS/UPS plus TLR ****  Good School (Ofsted ****) Excellent leadership and inspirational head This large mixed comprehensive school located on the boarders or London Essex, requires an Associate Director of Science to work alongside the Head of Science Faculty. The school is well run with GCSE results being higher than the national average The school is dynamic and has ambitious plans to improve which are achievable. The head at this school operates an open door policy and has been described as inspirational reflected in the low staff turnover at the school. Within the class the school is looking for a candidate that can deliver excellent lessons in terms of subject knowledge, the ability to cater for its mixed ability students (equally high numbers of EAL and G T students) and has a real passion for teaching. With regards the other element of this post the school is looking for someone who has plenty of ideas to keep the curriculum fresh and ensuring enjoyable learning equates into excellent results. This is a good and improving school. Many areas of its work are outstanding. There have been major improvements since the last inspection in the effectiveness of middle leadership and the quality of teaching and learning. Standards have risen. This provides powerful evidence of the school's good capacity to improve further. Students exhibit excellent behaviour and very positive attitudes. The highly respected Head Teacher has, over a short period, built an ethos of success where students achieve well and demonstrate excellent personal development. He effectively enables staff to flourish. Through welljudged appointments and consistent leadership, he has improved the school culture to one where every child is expected to succeed. The leadership team are committed to ensuring that the school meets the needs and interests of all students. The school is located within easy reach of the local rail station and has ample car parking for those driving in. If you live in an Inner London borough, your travelling dreams may have just come true. In order to get to this school, you will be travelling in the opposite direction to all of the traffic. If you like the sound of this school, and feel that you could be a successful Associate Director of Science, please email your CV to Alison at Edustaff today for an immediate interview