Title: Primary Cover Supervisor Job  Oldbury
Webindex: 68688066
Company: Hays
Description: Are you a newly qualified teacher or a cover supervisor? Hays Education are currently recruiting for a range of teaching cover within Oldbury, Sandwell. If you are a newly qualified teacher or a cover supervisor and are looking for a cover teaching job in Oldbury, Sandwell then we would love to hear from you. Hays education are working exclusively with a Primary School in Oldbury who have expressed an interest for a bank of cover teachers to build a strong network of staff when supply is needed. This has created an opportunity for a limited amount of candidates to join the pool of cover teachers for day to day jobs to service our network of schools in the West Midlands. The successful candidates will have opportunities to take on daytoday supply assignments and temporary/longterm contracts. Hays education pay in line with the agency worker regulations for temporary workers (AWR), so you can achieve the correct daily rate for the work you do. All applicants will need to be comfortable assisting, teaching, delivering and marking work within a primary school. Applicants who have QTS and wish to work on longterm or a permanent basis will need to be comfortable with planning lessons. In all cases the successful applicants will have strong classroom management and the ability to follow lesson plans. So if you are an NQT or cover supervisor in Oldbury, Sandwell this could be the perfect role for you. If you feel you meet the requirements to fulfil this rewarding role then we would like to hear from you. As places are limited please call Laura Cameron on **** **** **** quoting 'cover teaching in Sandwell' to discuss these opportunities further. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrimaryCoverSupervisorJobOldbury_job****