Title: I NEED A PRIMARY SCHOOL TEACHER ASAP
Webindex: 72539923
Company: Academics Ltd
Description: I NEED A PRIMARY SCHOOL TEACHER ASAP  This is a great opportunity to work in an excellent primary school with fantastic support from the staff and head teacher. The class includes pupils with a range of abilities, so a supportive and patient candidate would be best suited. Applications from NQT s would also be considered. Academics are looking for exceptional candidates for these roles in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To that end, you must meet the following requirements:  You must be a qualified Primary teacher with QTS  Able to demonstrate that you have fully engaged children and kept them task focused  Used to incorporating drama, reading, music and play to improve understanding and communication  Used to working with children with EAL and have a patient and considerate approach to individual needs  A fun and engaging Teacher that inspires children to tackle more challenging work  Happy to ensure that marking is completed at the end of the day and the classroom in left tidy  Able to support the school learning policies and become an active member of the teaching team At Academics we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say thank you for a job well done. Our London Primary team are exceptionally busy at the moment and so if you know any other Primary teachers looking for work we will be very happy to help them. As part of the Academics Team you will benefit from: . The support of a dedicated Primary Consultant . Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level . Good rates of pay . Lots of work available . A fast clearance process so you can get working as soon as possible . Excellent opportunities for CPD Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Academics approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Academics are an accredited Quality Mark company. Academics are committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are a Newly Qualified Teacher or have Qualified Teacher Status and you are interested in this role or something similar then click APPLY NOW