Title: Science Teacher Immediate start
Webindex: 68371291
Company: ACADEMICS LTD
Description: If you're an experienced Science Teacher who has fantastic teaching skills and you are looking for a new challenge, we may have the perfect job for you. This **** school in South London is looking for a talented and inspirational Science Teacher. This exciting post is open to experienced UK trained Science Teacher and NQTs who are outstanding. Science Teacher Science teaching jobs in London Main or Upper Pay Scale Good school in diverse and multicultural South West London Borough Outstanding Leadership Fancy joining a large secondary school in South London from January? Can you teach Science up to KS****? if you are, then this could be you new job from January This thriving comprehensive in the heart of the London Borough of Merton is looking to secure a top Science Teacher for January. Over the past 5 years this school has progressed significantly and now holds its head high within the LEA. Most recently Ofsted reported this school was a good school, on its way to becoming outstanding The Senior Leadership team have provided a strong foundation for the school to continue growing from strength to strength. Located in the heart of the community this school is now a popular choice among parents thanks to the support, care and guidance offered. Teaching has significantly improved over the past 5 years and much of it is graded 'Good' or 'outstanding'. We are looking for a strong and passionate Science Teacher who can deliver general Science to KS**** and your specialism to KS5. A proven track record of raising attainment is preferred but not essential. If you can make Science fun, and deliver interesting and engaging Science lessons with a firm and fair attitude then you would be welcome at this school. Working here, you can look forward to working under an inspirational Leadership team who lead from the front. The school has a lot to offer its staff and you can look forward to some of the best CPD opportunities going. The facilities are excellent at this school and you will be working in one of the best maintained departments in the school Apply today for an immediate interview