Title: ENGLISH POSITION JOB
Webindex: 68803672
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description:  OUTSTANDING school  Teaching English ****(**** optional)  Up to **** per day  No behaviour issues  Very supportive team for new teachers Career Teachers has been asked exclusively to source an experienced English teacher, to join this progressive and successful school in North London this term This is an exciting opportunity for a committed and enthusiastic teacher to join a thriving English Department. The successful candidate will be an individual who can inspire and motivate pupils and enhance the professional and friendly team. In return you will be able to be part of an excellent induction program, promotional prospects and a highly supportive working environment. The school boasts excellent facilities to include new State of the art classrooms with interactive whiteboards. The school also encourages a strong working ethos of being friendly and supportive. The right candidate should hold a PGCE and QTS will be a bonus to, however the school can support NQT's if need be. The English department is led by an excellent HOD who's creative and encourages freedom of though and new ideas from his team which creates a competitive team ethos and ensures high profile teaching where every child matters. Apply to this position now by calling Brett on **** **** **** or sending your CV/resume to brettcareerteachers.co.uk Career Teachers is a Quality Mark agency and is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. Successful applicants will be required to undertake an Enhanced Disclosure via the CRB. www.careerteachers.co.uk Important Notice It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients. of its Clients.Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.