Title: Teacher of Humanities, Humanities Teacher
Webindex: 71555885
Company: Mana Resourcing Ltd
Description: JOB TITLE: Teacher of Humanities, Humanities Teacher Our client is looking to appoint a great Teacher for the above position  if you are interested please contact us as soon as possible. Experience  Qualified Teacher Status  Evidence of appropriate CPD related to teaching and learning Teaching and Learning  Commitment to raising achievement across a key stage  Commitment to comprehensive education and personalised learning  Excellent classroom teacher  Sets high expectations of all students  Ability to create an effective learning environment Personal Attributes  The capacity to consistently perform to a high level of success and act as a role model for other professionals.  Selfmotivated with an ability to use own initiative.  Ability to work effectively and flexibly during the week  Welldeveloped interpersonal and social skills.  A passion for education and making a difference.  Ability to meet deadlines.  Enthusiastic and always positive.  Stimulate and spark others through working in teams.  Use critical thinking, creativity and imagination.  Able and willing to scrutinise own practice and to make their practice accessible to others.  Believe they can improve on their previous best.  Commitment to safeguarding children and young people. APPENDIX: **** FORM TUTOR DUTIES  To act as a Form Tutor and to carry out the duties associated with that role.  To actively encourage all students to follow the example of the Prophet Muhammad (saw) at all times.  To ensure that all students are in the prayer hall during prayer times and that they are observing the sanctity of the place.  To deliver the daily Tarbiah programme on those days when the Form is not at assembly.  To be responsible for the general progress and wellbeing of students within the Form, and to promote the values and aspirations entailed to all students within the School with whom the teacher comes into contact.  To celebrate the achievement, successes and contributions of the form.  To liaise with those staff with pastoral responsibilities to ensure the implementation of the School s policies and procedures.  To attend designated meetings related to the teacher s responsibilities as Tutor.  To register students, monitor their adherence to the School s expectations regarding uniform, encourage punctuality and full attendance at all lessons and their participation in other aspects of school life.  To monitor and evaluate the progress of students and to keep uptodate student records as required.  To contribute to the preparation of Action Plans, progress files and any other necessary reports.  To alert appropriate staff to problems experienced by students and, if appropriate, to make recommendations to help solve them.  To communicate with parents of students in the teacher s own form when there is concern over learning, behaviour or commitment.  To communicate the successes of students to their parents.  To communicate as appropriate, and after consultation with the relevant School staff, with parents of students and with external agencies concerned with the welfare of individual students.  To contribute to the teaching of P.S.H.E. and Citizenship.  To ensure the School policies on the Code of Conduct, Uniform, rewards and Sanctions and Behaviour Management are implemented within the classroom so that effective teaching and learning can take place and the teacher and students can enjoy the satisfaction of making good progress. This role is commutable from: Leicester Leicestershire Syston Belgrave Oadby Wigston Aylestone Groby Enderby Kirby Muxloe Blaby Knighton Humberstone Scraptoft Thurnby Glen Parva Great Stretton Houghton on the Hill Rutland Oakham Melton Mowbray Uppingham Glaston