Title: Primary EBD Teacher
Webindex: 70761926
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Are you a Primary Teacher with excellent behaviour management looking to work in a successful Primary EBD Unit in SE London? Have you the talent to nurture and support pupils from many varied socioeconomic backgrounds as a Primary EBD Teacher? Primary EBD Teacher Required Fantastic Unit in SE London Outstanding leadership and Resources **** per day offset expenses A special unit, for KS****/**** pupils with Emotional & Behavioural Difficulties ( EBD ), requires a resilient and passionate Primary EBD teacher for January 2013. The unit is attached to a large Primary School in SE London and their aim, is to reintegrate the pupils back into mainstream education as well as improve their attainment levels. The unit takes in pupils from the main school and children from across the borough. It is well a resourced unit and, as the majority of pupils are boys, there is a great focus on activities, either sporting or academic, that can hold the attention of the learners. In this unit you will be working alongside highly experienced LSA?s, who provide excellent support in this challenging and stimulating environment. The unit is led by an Outstanding SENCO who understands the benefit of having conscientious and educated staff, as they can really make a difference to the lives of the pupils. Ideally the school requires a Primary EBD teacher with excellent behaviour management and above all, a force of personality, that is able to hold the pupils attention and provide the stability and nurture they need. The ideal candidate must possess a compassionate understanding of the socioeconomic reasons that have impacted on the lives of the pupils. They must feel comfortable to teach to a varied age range and to pupils with lower Plevels than their mainstream peers. Ideally the school requires a Primary EBD Teacher with experience of working with EBD pupils either in a unit or a mainstream school. This is a stimulating and fantastic place to work and all staff support each other which really helps the pupils feel safe and relaxed. Any teacher who can add to this close environment, and knows how to be a real team player will succeed in their application. The school is easily reached by rail links from East and Central London as well as Kent. If you would like to apply to work in one of the most exciting and challenging environments in education then please follow the link below