Title: Primary Teaching Assistant (YR****)
Webindex: 69004981
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Are you a hard working graduate aspiring to become a Primary Teacher from September ****013? Are you actively seeking a full time general Teaching Assistant post; starting January 7th? Do you have a calm, warm and pro active approach to working with children? If you have child related experience and a genuine interest in training to become a Primary School Teacher; this could be the perfect opportunity for you. Situated in North West London on the border of Barnet and Camden; a large Primary school is looking to recruit and appoint a full time Teaching Assistant, to work within the younger years, primarily within one of the year 2 classes. This post is to start ASAP and will need the successful applicant to commit for the remainder of the academic year. Primary Teaching Assistant Year 2 class support Perfect post ahead of a 2013 PGCE Large Primary School excellent facilities School located **** minutes walk from the Northern Line January 7th 2013 start (Until 19th July) Paid **** per day The head teacher of this large and diverse primary school is looking to appoint a Year 2 class teaching assistant ASAP for the remainder of the academic year on a full time basis. The school provides a wonderful learning environment and boasts excellent facilities within a modern and newly upgraded school site. Beginning next week (Jan 7th); the post will continue until at least July 19th. You will be required to work full time as classroom support; working alongside an experienced teacher and guided by a long standing SEN coordinator. Previous child related experience is ideal in order for you to hit the ground running. You will be working with a wide variety of pupils in regards to ability and ethnic background; so those who are versatile and patient are urged to apply. The class consists of **** pupils of different ability; including a number of children who require additional support and have special educational needs. Applicants will need to be hard working, with a strong academic background and be committed to becoming a Primary School teacher in the long term. This post needs a graduate with a calm and professional approach; able to be assertive and compassionate when needed. Due to the position beginning next week; all applicants will require a valid and enhanced CRB; issued within the last 12 months. Please email your CV and brief cover letter to Danny Jillions ASAP. I look forward to hearing from you