Title: Science Teacher needed in Bury
Webindex: 69932251
Company: TeacherActive
Description: Specialist Science Teacher Required A Bury based Secondary School is keen to appoint a Science Teacher. This position involves teaching Science across KS**** and KS**** to start in as soon as possible and continue till the end of the year. The School has reported to have provided students with a caring and secure learning environment. A strong leadership team that help create good atmosphere and relationships. The successful Science teacher must have: Strong Science subject knowledge. Ability to establish and maintain relationships with individual group The ability to make lessons engaging and accessible to all pupils, especially those who do not have a natural interest in Science. The ability to be confident, creative and be able to drive all pupils to reach their full potential. Be an enthusiastic individual who will contribute well to the already strong Science department. A passion towards teaching. Hold QTS or equivalent Have recent experience of teaching within a UK Secondary school with substantial experience of teaching Science. The benefits of working for us A competitive rate of pay which is hassle free. A motivational working environment. Great prospects for long term work. A dedicated team of consultant with an indepth knowledge of our industry. High level of support from both us and the school. The opportunity to make a genuine difference. Applications will be accepted from NQTs and experienced teachers alike. For more information please contact Rebecca Clarke on (Apply online only) or email your CV to All applicants will initially be screened over the telephone to test suitability and then invited to register with TeacherActive. Registration involves an enhanced police disclosure, identity checks and professional references. Please only apply if you are confident that you will pass this procedure. In return, we will offer candidates leading industry rates, a no hassle payment scheme, a personal consultant for a one to one service  and a unique referral system. TeacherActive has been awarded the Quality Mark to denote excellence in providing supply staff to schools. TeacherActive operates as a Recruitment Agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a Recruitment Business in providing temporary or contract jobseeking services