Title: Science Teacher Required ASAP
Webindex: 70762116
Company: Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: General Science Teacher Staines Teach Science Science Teaching If you re a Science teacher and you want to teach science in Staines come and teach in this well resourced department in Staines.  General Science Teacher Staines Long term  Supportive Senior Management Team  Long term Contract starting mid Feb 201**** Start Are you a qualified Science teacher who would be interested in a long term post from Feb 2013?? This specialist training school has an excellent reputation for teaching and learning and you will be joining a faculty that produces good results and has a stable and strong team of teachers. The school has high standards of teaching which are partnered to challenging expectations of students in terms of achievement and behaviour. The timetable consists of KS3 and KS**** General Science and you will be teaching mixed ability sets. The Science faculty has outstanding facilities and the leadership and support are excellent within the department. My clients school is an averagesized, mixed, comprehensive school, serving the community of Staines, to the west of London. The very large majority of students are White British, with about one tenth from a range of minority ethnic backgrounds. Very few speak English as an additional language. The proportion known to be eligible for free school meals is below the national average. A slightly higher proportion than nationally are identified as having special educational needs and/or disabilities or having a statement of special educational need. The school has held specialist status in business and enterprise since September **** later adding applied learning, with a focus on gifted and talented education. It has a number of national awards, including the Investor in People, Basic Skills and Healthy Schools awards. This a fantastic opportunity for which will be a very rewarding post. If this sounds like the post for you then apply now for an immediate interview Email CVs to Leigh at Remedy Education