Title: Trainer Assessor (Dental)
Webindex: 68096327
Company: JHP Training
Description: Are you an experienced Dental Nurse looking for a fresh new challenge? Join JHP today. At JHP Training we're looking for driven and dynamic qualified Dental Nurses who are looking for a fresh challenge. JHP Training is part of JHP Group, the largest Employability and Training provider in the UK. Due to our rapid growth across the UK we have a Dental Trainer Assessor opportunity available in the London area. In this role you'll have the chance to…  Support young people in the development of their Dental career  Induct learners into the JHP Training business and support their induction with their new employer  Be the face of JHP Training to learners across your region  Raise the profile of JHP Training to learners and businesses across the xxxx  Use innovative online learning technology to support the learners journey and development  Act as a key contact for information, advice and guidance  Travel across the region working with different learners and businesses Are you up for it? To be considered for this exciting position you must be:  Qualified to NVQ Level 3 or be a qualified Dental Nurse  Have a full UK driving licence  Be passionate about supporting the development of young people The benefits:  **** days holiday (including **** statuatory holidays)  Employee Assistance Programme  Childcare Vouchers  Pension Scheme All positions within JHP Group are subject to the receipt of satisfactory 3 years written references and evidence of your Right to Work in the UK. Some roles will require a Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) check. JHP Group welcomes applications from all sectors of the community and are committed to diversity and recruiting to reflect the communities we serve. If you have not heard within 14 days of the closing date, your application has been unsuccessful. Due to the large number of applications we are unable to give individual feedback. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TrainerAssessorDental_job****