Title: Primary Key Stage 1 Teacher
Webindex: 70675303
Company: CAREER TEACHERS
Description: We are currently seeking experienced key stage 1 teachers. If you live or are interested in working in East London and the surrounding areas we would love to hear from you We currently work with a number of Primary schools and are constantly seeing an increase in requests for both day to day and long term supply teachers. Our current staff love working in some very interesting and diverse schools across London but we still need more Assignments vary from daytoday to longterm bookings and include both full and part time positions which gives you the flexibility to work as and when it suits you. Some criteria you need to check; candidates must hold PGCE or equivalent, experience is essential and you must be prepared to be flexible, adaptable and reliable. In return we offer competitive rates of pay, ongoing support and regular work. If you are interested in registering with us or would like to find out more information please contact us of send your current CV today Are you a teacher who holds UK QTS? Did you know that with Career Teachers, you will be paid in line with the main payscale after a 12 week qualifying period? Please ask for further details. Important Notice In order to apply for the above position all applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, or eligible to apply for a relevant work visa. Career Teachers are unable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients. It is Career Teachers policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within three working days. However, because of the volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates. If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained. Please apply for any other position that you may see in the future. Thank you. Career Teachers is a Recruitment Agency and is advertising this vacancy on behalf of one of its Clients.