Title: TEACHER OF BUSINESS STUDIES AND LAW
Webindex: 72705203
Description: Position: Qualified Teacher Subject/Specialism: Business Studies/Law Location: Swindon Contract: Temporary/Supply Pay: **** to **** per week A Secondary School in Wiltshire is looking for a Teacher of Business Studies and Law to cover a full time longterm role. The initial cover will be for a period of 4 weeks with the possibility of this extending at the end of the assignment. Since taking on Academy Status the school has been improving year on year with an increasing proportion of teaching graded good as a result of good leadership and management. The pupils can be challenging and therefore the school is in need of strong teachers who are committed to raising the attainment levels of the students whilst creating positive relationships with pupils. If you have the right attitude for the role you will find teaching at this school an interesting and rewarding experience. Qualities required for the job:  Good subject knowledge of Business Studies and Law up to KS****  Strong classroom management  Ability to engage challenging pupils  Ready for a challenge and prepared to help pupils succeed As a supply teacher with Hays you will receive the following benefits:  The support of a dedicated and experienced consultant within Secondary Education  Plenty of variety and a choice of work from day to day cover and longterm assignments  Competitive rates of pay  Excellent opportunities for CPD Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Hay's approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Hays Education is an accredited Quality Mark company and is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone.