Title: Special Needs (SEN) Teaching Job, Ashford, Kent
Webindex: 70253536
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: Secondary Special Needs (SEN) Teacher Location: Ashford Start Date: ASAP Capita Education's dedicated SEN Division are looking to appoint a secondary SEN Teacher to join our successful supply teaching team to work in an SEN school in Ashford, Kent. This small, independent SEN SEBD school, based in Ashford, Kent delivers exceptional outcomes in the care, education and treatment of children suffering severe emotional and behavioural problems. Many children have experienced either disruption within the educational progress or have never been able to manage formal schooling. A large proportion have additional SEN needs. The school offers a therapeutic environment which has a strong impact on the personal development of pupils and their readiness to learn. The successful SEN Teacher will have experience with children displaying social, emotional and behavioural difficulties, especially those related to relationships or attachment. An understanding of Special Educational Needs (SEN) teaching and the barriers to learning is also desirable as is experience of teaching small groups or individuals. We are looking for someone with imagination, creativity, flexibility and the capacity to reflect on their own teaching. To be considered for the position of secondary SEN Teacher you must:  Have experience of teaching the UK curriculum but with the creativity to differentiate the flexible needs of the students  Hold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) or extensive experience of teaching as an Unqualified Teacher within SEN  Have a passion for teaching coupled with an innate understanding of children who can challenge boundaries and relationships  The ability to 'hold in your mind' the needs of individual children whilst being a caring and safe role model who will inspire and motivate both the children and their colleagues in a child centred environment.  We will happily consider applications from both primary and secondary experienced teachers At Capita Education we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even if it is just to say 'Thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Education SEN supply Team in Kent you will benefit from:  A dedicated SEN Consultant  Plenty of variety and choice of work  Good rates of pay and the ability to participate in our tax efficiency scheme  Excellent SEN CPD opportunities  The opportunity to join our TeamTeach training scheme If you are an experienced SEN Teacher who is able to inspire challenging young people, and would like the challenge of working in a demanding yet rewarding environment, then we want to hear from you. This post could start as an adhoc supply SEN teaching post with a view to moving to a fulltime SEN teaching job in the future. Apply today or for more information on this SEN teaching job or other SEN teaching jobs across Kent, contact Tara Lancaster, SEN Recruitment Consultant, at the Maidstone branch. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SpecialNeedsSENTeachingJobAshfordKent_job****