Title: Nursery Nurse Level 3 Babies  Oxford
Webindex: 62007927
Company: Kids Unlimited
Description: kids unlimited has a reputation as leaders in top quality, progressive childcare. We are currently the 5th largest private daycare provider with over 60 nursery settings and an ever growing portfolio. kids unlimited Jack Straws is situated in a converted house just off the A**** Our nursery manager, Sonja FentonPryor has had the honour of winning 2009 Nursery Manager of the Year from Nursery Management Today magazine. Sonja leads a very experienced team of professional carers. The nursery has four rooms and two large, age specific outside play areas. Reporting into the Room Supervisor, you will work as part of a team providing quality child care and education. You will promote the physical, social, emotional and cognitive development of each child in line with the kids unlimited model, nursery ethos and philosophy, working in the Babies room The key duties of the Nursery Nurse include; Be responsible for the care and supervision of children as they undertake a variety of activities, providing appropriate levels of support and interaction. Ensure that the highest standards of health and safety apply to children staff, parents and visitors maintaining a safe and secure environment. Responsible for children s individual personal hygiene needs and to ensure that all policies and procedures are complied within this regard Establish and develop a good relationship with parents and carers, through dialogue, cooperation and partnership. Provide regular feedback to parents/carers regarding their child s development and day to day progress, in line with kids unlimited procedures. Adhere to all policies and procedures at all times Complete all Nursery documentation as required by role timely, accurately and appropriately. Key attributes of the Nursery Nurse include; Minimum Level 3 qualification or equivalent Previous childcare experience Ability to work on own initiative Excellent team player Excellent communicator at all levels Knowledge of the EYFS an excellent understanding of the care and development of young babies gained through either experience of working within a baby room or completion of appropriate training kids unlimited have many benefits in place for staff as well as the security of knowing that you're working for a growing, dynamic and successful business. You will be offered a competitive salary, contributory pension scheme and an opportunity to develop your career within a progressive and forwardthinking company. kids unlimited is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of all children in our care. We will ensure that safeguarding is of paramount concern to all employees and as a business we adopt and adhere to safe recruitment practices. Most roles within kids unlimited are subject to enhanced security checks with CRB/Disclosure Scotland disclosures applied for. To apply for our Nursery Nurse role, please click the Apply button below.