Title: Eastbourne KS**** Supply Teacher
Webindex: 69035133
Company: Capita Education
Description: Key Stage 2 teacher urgently needed in Eastbourne Key Stage 2 Teacher Primary School Eastbourne ******** per day Supply 35 days per week An Outstanding Primary school in the Eastbourne area are seeking a Key Stage 2 Teacher to start in September 2012, working 3 days per week. You will enjoy the support of a fantastic Head Teacher at the school, who makes a real commitment to improving the outcomes for every child. The class includes pupils of very mixed abilities, including some pupils with English as an additional language (EAL) so a patient, supportive and creative approach to inspired learning is essential. Capita are looking for exceptional candidates for this role in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To that end, you must meet the following requirements: You must be a qualified Primary teacher with QTS Used to incorporating drama, reading, music and play to improve understanding and communication Used to working with children with EAL and have a patient and considerate approach to individual needs A fun and engaging Teacher that inspires children to tackle more challenging work Happy to ensure that marking is completed at the end of the day and the classroom in left tidy Able to support the school learning policies and become an active member of the teaching team At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school setting and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team you will benefit from: The support of a dedicated Primary Consultant Plenty of variety and choice of work at school level Good rates of pay Excellent opportunities for CPD Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are seeking an interesting and rewarding teaching role please contact Natasha Bailey at Capita Education Resourcing on **** or email natasha.baileycapita.co.uk.