Title: Director of ICT Services
Webindex: 69735058
Company: Capita Education
Description: Our client is an Academy in North London. They are currently seeking a Director of ICT Services to: ensure that ICT service provision is of the highest quality and take overall responsibility. ensure that ICT service provision is managed, supported, maintained, robust, and developed. Ensure that the ICT support service meets or exceeds service targets and KPIs as defined by the FD. Develop, implement, monitor and review processes and procedures within the ICT support service. You will be responsible for the strategic management and development of the Academies ICT Service. You will ensure that the ICT services across all sites associated with London Academy are robust, resilient, secure, safe and responsive. Strategy and Planning Develop short and long term ICT strategies in conjunction with members of the management and leadership teams. Plan for the delivery, support, maintenance and training of systems as part of agreed strategies. Deliver ICT systems or service developments based on customer requirements Project manage and be responsible for the delivery of ICT projects Work towards and strategically plan for a 'hard federation' approach To contribute to the design and delivery of the IT infrastructure in the new build at London Academy. Provide line management to all ICT staff. Ensure that ICT staff are providing the highest quality support and are responsive to the needs of pupils and staff. Conduct performance management reviews. Monitor ICT technician and support function performance, develop ideas and actions for improvement as an overall commitment to service. Ensure that the ICT support team works in a procedural structured manner. Ensure that the ICT support team maintains relevant documentation. Ensure effective deployment of team members on a day to day operational basis. To line and performance manage the reprographics staff. Provide technical support to all academy members, though the focus would be on providing 3rd line or specialist support. Ensure that 3rd party maintenance and support agreements are in place such that the academy is sufficiently covered for all ICT issues, incidents and changes. Act as technical authority and create technical designs for IT solutions At least 3 years experience of working in a strategic IT role and/or managing an IT support team. At least 3 years experience providing technical support (2nd/3rd line) and systems development in a medium to large ICT environment Experience working as part of a strategic multidiscipline management team Experience line managing and mentoring other members of staff Experience managing ICT projects Experience of managing and supporting Windows desktop and server systems and managed network environments Experience using Disaster Recovery methodologies and technologies Working in an ICT support environment to defined service levels and targets Implementing solutions based on user or customer requirements Experience of managing a budget Experience implementing Windows Share Point Services or Office Share Point Server solutions. Experience of other key IT manufactures or providers products and technologies Please apply for this role asap if you have the nessacary experience and background.