Title: Teaching Assistant Job in Hounslow
Webindex: 71717136
Company: New Directions Education Ltd
Description: We are looking for a Teaching Assistant to support vulnerable children with complex physical, learning and behavioural needs including autism at a Secondary school in Hounslow. The successful applicant will work with the students in a variety of ways, supporting them in mainstream classrooms, in withdrawal situations and also during breaks and lunchtimes. You will be required to work with students across the school with a range of different special educational needs (SEN). Starting in February, the role is for **** hours a week for 39 weeks a year (termtime only). An understanding of the range of special educational that affect students is essential and applicants must be willing to undergo professional training. The successful applicant will be joining a large existing team of dedicated professionals, with an excellent induction programme in place. A large school with **** pupils, school has been judged to be good, with elements of outstanding by Oftsted. Transport links are excellent, and there is a real community feeling about the school. If you would like some more information about the role, or would like to speak to a member of the team, please do not hesitate to contact us. Teaching Assistant Qualifications We are specialists in recruiting Teaching Assistant (TA) jobs who are qualified to the below: NVQ Level 2 Teaching Assistant NVQ Level 3 Teaching Assistant Higher Level Teaching Assistant (HLTA) CACHE Level 3 in Childcare & Education BTEC National Certificate in Childhood Studies (Nursery Nursing). We will also consider experienced learning support assistants (LSAs) who have previously held a job in a primary school or assisted a pupil in the role in a secondary school but do not hold any of the above qualifications. Jobs in Special Educational Needs (SEN) A large number of our jobs are in SEN and we fill many vacancies in schools with candidates who have particular experience in working with children classified as below: Autistic Spectrum Disorder (ASD) Dyslexia Dyspraxia MultiSensory Impairment (MSI) Moderate Learning Difficulties (MLD) Profound and Moderate Learning Difficulties (PMLD) Emotional Behavioural Difficulties (EBD) Severe Learning Difficulties. As well as working with students who have Physical Disabilities (PD). Duties of a Teaching Assistant Assist in the educational and social development of pupils under the direction and guidance of the Head Teacher, SENCO and Class Teachers Assist in the implementation of Individual Education Programmes (IEP) for students and help monitor their progress Provide support for individual students inside and outside the classroom to enable them to fully participate in activities Assist class teachers with maintaining student records Support students with emotional or behavioural problems and help develop their social skills. What can you expect&nbsp A dedicated account manager Regular and varied teaching supply work Competitive pay rates Potential longterm teaching roles Fully compliant with the Agency Workers Regulation (AWR) Network of branches across the UK Preferred supplier to **** boroughs across the UK Recommendafriend scheme Respected reputation throughout the education and recruitment industry. We are fully committed to the protection of children. All applicants must undertake a full Enhanced CRB Disclosure. APPLY NOW