Title: Primary teachers wanted by award winning agency
Webindex: 71556408
Company: Engage Education
Description: PRIMARY TEACHERS REQUIRED Engage Education are the 2012 winners of the Education Investor Award for Recruitment Service of the Year . We are currently looking to bring on board a number of teachers to help with the demand we are currently experiencing from schools in Hounslow and Ealing. As market leaders in educational recruitment we are currently working in partnership with a number of primary schools in these boroughs who have an increasing demand for high quality teachers. The role requires teachers who are flexible with their availability that can be responsible for the welfare of pupils in their class and maintain good discipline at all times. Candidates should have a passion for teaching, be strong team players and have innovative teaching methods. Good enthusiasm in the classroom and a sense of humour will be taken into account also. What you can expect to receive from Engage Education: A personal touch; one dedicated consultant for you. A service which won Recruitment Service of the Year 2012 at the Education Investor Awards. Ofsted Outstanding continued professional development by one of our partner schools. The opportunity to join our exclusive list of guaranteed payment scheme (GPS) teachers. 92% of all GPS teachers get given the option to be in a longterm position after doing supply. Social events are put on by us throughout the year. This is what three teachers have said about our personable service: Working with Engage Education has made the transition from the faculty of education to teaching smooth and exciting. I now feel confident and ready to begin my teaching career with Engage Education s support My consultant has been nothing but excellent. He has gone out of his way in a short space of time to set me up with as many interviews as possible taking my suitability match with schools into deep consideration. They have assisted me very well. My consultant has gone the extra mile to ensure that the teachers feel welcome and comfortable going into schools each day. Engage are constantly seeking input on the schools and experiences to tailor each teacher s experience and find the best fit. I have been very fortunate to have consultants who consistently send me to schools that are only a **** minute journey from my house. Also being able to have the security of the GPS contract has allowed me to focus more on gaining teaching experience and travelling, and less on worrying about if I will be working enough. I feel that choosing Engage was the best decision I could have made. If you are qualified to teach in the UK, and have a relevant teaching qualification please contact us via email by sending a copy of your CV. If you do not receive a response from us within two working days your application has been unsuccessful and we will hold your CV on file for any future posts that may be suitable. We look forward to hearing from you