Title: Maths or Literacy Coordinator
Webindex: 69144249
Company: Edustaff   Birmingham
Description: Maths or Literacy Coordinator – Secondary Mixed Comprehensive – January 2013 Are you a current Secondary Teacher with masses of experience in all stages? Are you looking for the next challenge by taking on some serious responsibility? If you answered yes then why not consider this excellent school with tons of potential? Maths/Literacy Coordinator plus Class teaching Great school Worcetsershire Permanent role on the MPS/UPS pay scale with TLR Excellent career progression with ongoing professional development This well run secondary School located in Worcestershire is going through a period of change and development which should lead to this becoming an outstanding school over the next few years. The school has had a new head join and it is now clear that they will be requiring someone to join in the new academic year who will be responsible for either Maths or Literacy; a key role The school is large housing over **** pupils and has plenty of inside and outside space. Behaviour at the school is good with strong policies in place to make sure that learning and progression takes place throughout the day. Attainment at the school is lower than expected and the school has a strong focus on moving this to at least the national average as quickly as possible. The new head is someone who is focused and has a clear vision for the future of the school. The school has huge potential but to realise it will need an excellent teacher who can plan for literacy or numeracy in order to improve standards. In return the school will provide plenty of opportunity for future career growth as well as ongoing professional development. The role is offered on a permanent basis and has a TLR attached. If you are a ready for a challenge and want to join a school where you can fast track your career please email your CV to Cassandra at Edustaff Please note: Only successful candidates will be contacted