Title: Primary Learning Support Assistant Outstanding School in Bath
Webindex: 69144861
Company: Edustaff   Bristol
Description: Are you an outstanding Psychology graduate with a first class or upper second class degree? Are you looking to work as a Primary Learning Support Assistant work to extend your knowledge and understanding of Special Educational Needs? Do you have the drive, character and motivation to go beyond the call of duty and fully immerse yourself in this exciting role? Are you available immediately and able to commit to fulltime, long term work in an Ofsted Graded “Outstanding” Bath primary school? Primary Learning Support Assistant Bath Primary School – Graded “Outstanding” by Ofsted (****) Ideal experience for a talented Psychology Graduate ahead of MSc or PhD Outstanding Headteacher and Senior Leadership Team Fulltime, Long term post to start ASAP Earn up to **** per day This is a larger than average primary school based in Bath with a reputation for providing excellent levels of support to its pupils. The school has a higher than average proportion of pupils with Special Educational Needs including pupils with Autistic Spectrum Condition, Speech and Language Conditions and Hearing Impairment. Rated “Outstanding” by Ofsted in its last inspection, this school boasts an excellent Headteacher and supportive leadership team leads a well motivated and committed staff who inspire commitment from their pupils. The Headteacher is looking to appoint an outstanding Primary Learning Support Assistant to work in a Year **** class supporting a pupil with Special Educational Needs on a ****:**** basis. You will be an outstanding graduate with a first class or upper second class Honours Degree, superb communication skills and a desire to integrate fully into the fabric of the school. As a Primary Learning Support Assistant, you will need to be creative in your approach and demonstrate an absolute commitment to the pupil you support. In return, the school offers a supportive working environment, working with enthusiastic and well behaved pupils who achieve above the national average academically. If you are an outstanding, creative and committed graduate seeking work as a Primary Learning Support Assistant, please email a detailed CV and covering letter to Nick at Edustaff today.