Title: Foundation Teacher
Webindex: 69801384
Company: Ace Appointments Limited
Description: This vacancy is not appropriate for Newly Qualified Teachers . An independent school within Leicestershire requires an experienced and qualified Reception Year teacher (ages 34 years) to start immediately. The successful candidate would become the year's Lead Teacher. The school is hoping to take on the successful candidate permanently The school is well known for producing wellrounded and confident pupils, who achieve excellent grades. It is important to this school that their pupils maintain a high calibre of performance, thus they would like a teacher, who will go above and beyond to maintain this exceptional standing. If you believe you are capable of fulfilling this role, then please apply. To apply for this role please forward your CV in the first instance. Due to the large applicant response to internet advertisements, only successful candidates with be contacted within ****  14 days. Thank you in advance for your application. This vacancy is being advertised on the behalf of Ace Appointments (Midlands) Ltd who are operating as an employment business. Ace Appointments (Midlands) Ltd is one of the longest established and most successful privately owned employment companies in the East Midlands. Founded in **** the original office in Leicester quickly gained such an excellent reputation that a branch in neighbouring Northampton was established 1976. Much of our success stems from continuity and our commitment to 'best practise' within the recruitment business, enabling us to provide a professional and creditable service to our clients and candidates. As a result, we are proud that many of our clients and candidates have been with us for many years. Ace Appointments (Midlands) Ltd employs experienced and professionally trained staff, ensuring continuity, reliability and creditability. Ace Appointments (Midlands) Ltd is an active corporate member of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) and adheres to its codes of practise. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FoundationTeacher_job****