Title: School Human Resources Officer
Webindex: 71552746
Company: Aspire People
Description: Human Resources Officer Position HR Officer Area  Birmingham Salary  TBA Start Date  TBA Aspire People are looking to recruit talented and experienced l Human Resources Officer for a permanent full time position within a Birmingham secondary school . To be able to be considered for such positions, applicants must either have a CRB that is dated within the last 12 months or be willing to pay for a new application at the cost of **** If you have proven experience as a l Human Resources Officer Contact us today to register Experience is essential. The positions we work on can vary, therefore you may be called for shortterm cover or longterm cover. Occasionally we do deal with casual day cover. You will be determined, enthusiastic and driven Duties May include: The successful candidate will be involved in administering all aspects of HR from recruitment to retirement and everything inbetween. The role will encompass general administration, monitoring and reporting, recruitment and selection, policies and procedures. In addition, the successful candidate will be expected to take on the role of Clerk to Governors which will attract a retention allowance of **** p.a. The new post holder will be responsible for the ongoing upkeep and accuracy of our HR information systems, so strong IT skills and an eye for detail will be vitally important. We are looking for someone who is educated to A Level (or equivalent) and has experience of a fast paced administrative, customer orientated role. Applicants will need to be confident enough to give advice on HR policies and procedures. A CIPD qualification is therefore essential Key Skills Experienced in dealing with confidential work Excellent interpersonal skills. good telephone manor, calm approach. Excellent communication skills, both written and oral and high standard of written and spoken English  Only apply to work with Aspire People if you have previous experience of working in a school or an education establishment and are willing to work on a temporary adhoc basis  Only successful Candidates will be contacted Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Criminal Records Bureau.