Title: Year 6 Teacher Required in North West London
Webindex: 71749738
Company: Synarbor Education
Description: Year **** Teacher Urgently Needed in North West London  ASAP start Synarbor Education are currently looking for a Primary trained teacher to teach a year 6 class for a school in the North West London area. NQT s are welcome to apply but MUST have year 6 experience. Candidates must have a passion for teaching, be an ambitious individual who thrives on challenges who also has excellent knowledge of the national curriculum and be confident in the classroom and with good behaviour management skills. In return, Synarbor Education offer:  Excellent rates of pay  Access to one of the largest vacancy pools worldwide  The opportunity to offset work related expenses agains your gross pay  Professional development training  A dedicated consultant who will fully understand your individual needs  Advice on work available and the schools we currently work with  Social networking  GPS (Guaranteed Payment Scheme) You will need to be qualified with a PGCE, Bachelor of Education, or equivalent if you are an overseas trained teacher. The right candidates will need to have experience of at least 6 months in the UK. If you feel you have the necessary experience, please contact Ajanthan Somas at Synarbor Education on (Apply online only). Alternatively email your CV to (url removed) As part of the UK`s leading education supplier, we are the obvious choice for teachers looking for the right role in the right school. Our career managers work hard and efficiently to give you the opportunity to move your teaching career in the right direction. We are looking for first rate teachers and in return we offer great rates of pay and a friendly, professional service We have strong relationships with all major schools in the area so if you have the talent to teach and are equipped with the requisite qualifications, apply today and we`ll find the right role for you. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Due to the overwhelming response to online advertising, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted