Title: Early Years Specialists
Webindex: 72443693
Company: Celsian Education
Description: Early Years Teachers Celsian Education is looking for qualified Early Years Teacher who have the skills and knowledge to plan, prepare, deliver and assess lessons and activities to a high standard within the Foundation Stage. Successful candidates will be talented and well organised with a proven track record of achieving excellent pupil attainment. A relevant teaching qualification and Qualified Teacher Status are required. Experience of working with students that have English as an additional language would be advantageous. This large primary school has a large percentage of its pupils with special educational needs, the percentage of those with a statement are higher than the national average. Children start school in the Nursery at a level that is below average, particularly in their speech, language and communication skills. ****  **** per full day This is an ideal opportunity for anyone who wishes to advance their teaching career. Ideally, successful candidates will:  Be an outstanding Early Years Teacher  Be familiar with EYFS  Have a creative and productive approach to teaching Please submit your CV now to be considered. Celsian Education has been placing teachers and teaching assistants into jobs in schools since **** and operates throughout a network of offices across the UK enabling us to respond to your needs quickly and effectively. Celsian was one of the first agencies to be awarded the DCSF Quality Mark, an essential guide to Quality and Professionalism. Benefits of working with Celsian Education:  Access to permanent vacancies  Advice on how to maximise takehome pay  NQT Support including induction placements  Free CPD  Referral scheme Applicants will be expected to undergo a facetoface interview, reference checks and an enhanced CRB disclosure. Celsian Education is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education. Celsian Education has been placing teachers and teaching assistants into jobs in schools since **** and operates throughout a network of offices across the UK enabling us to respond to your needs quickly and effectively. Celsian was one of the first agencies to be awarded the DfE Quality Mark, an essential guide to Quality and Professionalism. Applicants will be expected to undergo a facetoface interview, reference checks and an enhanced CRB disclosure. Celsian Education is committed to safeguarding the welfare of children and young people within education. Celsian Education is a trading name of Carlisle Staffing plc. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EarlyYearsSpecialists_job****