Title: Clinical Research Fellow in Forensic Mental Health
Webindex: 68378564
Company: Queen Mary, University of London
Description: Applications are invited for a post of Clinical Research Fellow in Forensic Mental Health based primarily in the Forensic Psychiatry Research Unit (FPRU) to work in collaboration with the Electronic Engineering of School and Computer Science (EECS) on an innovative new approach to risk assessment of offenders using Bayesian networks. This is an exciting opportunity for you to use your experience of risk management within a mental health setting to get involved in ground breaking research with leaders in their field. Forensically experienced Clinicians, Psychologists and Probation Officers are particularly invited to apply, but anyone with substantial forensic risk assessment experience with research interests should apply. The FPRU is part of Bart s and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry and specializes in studies based on epidemiological and forensic psychiatric and psychological theory and methods. The work forms part of the FPRU s ongoing NIHRfunded programme grant Improving Risk Management in Mental Health. Extensive statistical analysis of offender cohort data has identified useful dynamic and static predictors of reoffending and also developed a staged assessment and management model for the management of individuals. The aim is now to prototype and trial a computerized risk assessment tool suitable for clinical use. The Risk and Information Management Group, in EECS, is a leader in the application of probabilistic risk management techniques using Bayesian networks, with special emphasis on causal modelling and the integration of knowledge and data. This interdisciplinary project will develop a Bayesian network model, covering the diagnostic categories, causative and protective factors and outcomes. The research will investigate ways to make the evidence used for the model explicit and to integrate estimates of confidence. About the individual This is a two year fixed term appointment to start as soon as possible. The salary scale is on the Clinical Lecturer grade **** Candidates must be able to demonstrate their eligibility to work in the UK in accordance with the Asylum and Immigration Act **** The appointee will be required to work as part of an interdisciplinary team, and an understanding of the needs of different users of the model is essential. This will involve using your clinical experience of risk assessment tools to make decisions and take a lead on the usefulness of the preliminary models in practice. Experience in research in an academic environment is necessary. A good understating of probability and statistics is also useful but prior experience with Bayesian networks, although desirable, is not essential. The postholders will be supported and encouraged to undertake further training in research methods and other subjects related to the project. Clinical experience or research knowledge of Risk Assessment is essential and a research background with publications would be a distinct advantage. Benefits Benefits include 30 days annual leave, defined benefit pension scheme and interestfree season ticket loan. Salary range: ****  **** pa inclusive Closing date: 12th February 2013 Further details Informal enquiries can be made to Dr Kallis at c.kallisqmul.ac.uk or Prof Jeremy Coid at j.w.coidqmul.ac.uk