Title: Teacher of Economics
Webindex: 70320948
Company: Hays Specialist Recruitment Ltd
Description: FULL TIME SEPTEMBER 2013 www.hays.co.uk/jobs/samworthchurchacademy The Samworth Church Academy opened in September **** with a clear mission to be in the top five per cent of secondary schools. To support this ambitious target we have excellent sponsors. We have an outstanding Principal who has a proven track record of leading successful teams resulting in significant improvements in academic achievement at both Key Stages **** and **** Since opening the Principal has built around him an outstanding team, with a very simple philosophy that an excellent organisation always utilises all of the talents of its people as well as supporting them in continuously developing their knowledge and skills. We are looking to further enhance the existing team. In July 2010 we moved into a 20 million pound new building complete with all the IT infrastructure and resources you would expect in an Academy with big ambitions. The candidate We require an Economics Teacher and we anticipate that the position will be predominantly teaching older Academy students. There will be opportunities for the right candidate to teach other subjects according to their strengths. Will have: ? A passion for the success of students ? A determination to fulfil your own potential ? An enthusiasm for teaching ? A willingness to face new challenges ? A hunger for both autonomy and accountability And will want to be part of an organisation that: ? Puts people first ? Judges its success by the success of its students ? Supports and values its staff ? Understands the challenges faced by teachers ? Has the support of outstanding sponsors The rewards ? Main scale salary but if you are truly excellent we will pay more ? Enhanced non contact time Applications are welcome from experienced and newly qualified teachers. For more information and to apply, please contact Mandeep Sokhi at Hays Education or visit our website www.hays.co.uk/jobs/samworthchurchacademy Closing date for applications is Monday 28th January 2013 at midday T: [contact details removed] / [contact details removed] E: W: www.hays.co.uk/jobs/samworthchurchacademy The Academy will require the successful candidate to provide satisfactory references and undertake an Enhanced Criminal Records Bureau DisclosureHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk