Title: Training Manager  Welfare to Work
Webindex: 71878103
Company: CF APPOINTMENTS
Description: We are currently recruiting for a Training Manager to coordinate and manage a team of trainers who operate across six boroughs over two contracts. Both contracts are currently focussed on employability and moving long term unemployed customers into sustainable employment (welfare to work). Duties for the training manager will involve managing a team of peripatetic Trainers who deliver a range of interactive workshops to customers across a range of contracts according to the needs of the customers groups in each office. Liasing with Centre Managers to develop training courses, training days and employment support activity. Working closely with the Quality and Performance team to ensure project targets and outputs are achieved. Producing monthly reports of activity and advocate with opportunity providers or other agencies to develop external provision Person Specification for the Training Manager Willingness to travel to and work in the **** locations across London, as identified, to support project delivery: Locations are Plumstead; Brixton; Hackney; Elephant and castle; Sutton Mitcham; Croydon and Lewisham. You may also be required to work from partner locations in London. Experience of managing a team of trainers Welfare to work experience in a training or management capacity Demonstrable experience of achieving challenging targets (Mandatory) Experience of developing training programmes for long term unemployed adults. Experience of managing under performance (Mandatory) CertEd or DTLLS (Mandatory) Ability to adapt style and content to meet the needs of specific customer groups i.e. people over ****; **** **** year olds; people with health conditions; women; lone parents; minority ethnic communities and people with disabilities. Capacity to disseminate complex information, contractual updates and link to training requirements Ability to communicate in a clear and concise manner. Ability to establish effective professional relationships with a range of people and strategic partners Understanding of the requirements of working with adults in a professional capacity including the confidence to challenge customers and affect change through developing robust training offers. Methodical approach to record keeping using paper and computer systems. Confident in the use of ICT in training delivery. Someone who is flexible and creative, focusing on achievement, challenge and resilience. Engages creative thinking style and willing to try several approaches to a solution. Has an adaptable approach and tailors communication style to the audience Understands and accepts the need to change and is willing to adapt and challenge accordingly. Facilitates adaptation in the team to cope with uncertainty and ambiguity. Recognises good ideas and promotes creativity within the team