Title: Delivery Manager – Digital Communications
Webindex: 68369360
Company: CARE QUALITY COMMISSION
Description: Delivery Manager Digital Communications **** London Are you a Digital Delivery Manager with experience of managing large websites? If so, we can offer you the chance to take a brand new challenge here at The Care Quality Commission (CQC). We are the independent regulator of all health and adult social care provided by the NHS, local authorities, private companies and voluntary organisations. Under the Health and Social Care Act, our remit has now been extended to include dentists and primary medical services including GPs and independent ambulances. This means we now regulate the services of some **** health and social care services. As Delivery Manager for the Digital Communications team, you will be responsible for managing the CQC websites. You will provide operational technical support to the website team to help deliver new website features, digital programmes and additional sites. The team includes a project manager, technical web developer and project support officer, who ll look to you for leadership and inspiration. With your guidance, all website features will be delivered as planned, including any external development work. You ll also set and oversee release and testing cycles; monitor website stability to ensure a consistent web presence; and identify and assess any risks that new code may pose to the live website. If you want the opportunity to prove your team management skills and help to deliver our digital strategy this is it. We need someone who s passionate about the digital arena and used to managing large websites, preferably in the public sector. You should have delivered websiterelated projects before, using both waterfall and agile project management methodologies, and implemented usability and accessibility best practice. Thanks to this background, you ll be comfortable managing technical developers and taking responsibility for the technical delivery of projects. Knowledge of website infrastructure is essential and should be combined with an excellent understanding of content publishing platforms, preferably Drupal (or other open source CMSs) and Java applications. Equally important are strong communication skills, as you ll be liaising with a wide range of contacts. If you d like to join the CQC team, you can find out more and apply at www.cqc.org.uk Closing date: Midnight, Friday 25th January 2013.