Title: Educational Psychologist  Children and Young People Services [Enhanced CRB required]
Webindex: 62007131
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Provide high quality Psychological Advice as part of the Statutory Assessment procedure. Work in collaboration with parents, other colleagues in CYPS and a broad range of other professionals as determined by the particular circumstances of each child. Provide a range of relevant interventions and strategies to help young people, their families and schools. Participate in initiatives agreed by the PEP to develop the service for schools and local authority policy and practice. Contribute to and participate in EPS strategies for professional development at an individual and Service level. Attend scheduled team and continuing professional development meetings as required. Advise, as necessary on matters relating to special educational needs. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice A first degree in Psychology or equivalent as agreed by BPS Enhanced CRB check in place [ Disclosure no. Issue date required ] A postgraduate qualification in educational psychology Eligibility for Chartered Status (HPC Registration) Evidence of recent and relevant experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Direct experience of applying psychology in educational settings Evidence of having used problem solving approaches Evidence of being able to learn through professional experience Evidence of the use of appropriate approaches when working in complex situations Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Children and Young People Services/Education/Psychology Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 6 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited