Title: TEACHER OF FRENCH AND SPANISH
Webindex: 68695980
Company: Hays
Description: Position: Qualified Teacher Subject/Specialism: French and Spanish Location: Trowbridge, Wiltshire Contract: Fixed Term Salary Range: MPS TEACHER OF FRENCH AND SPANISH A popular secondary school in Trowbridge, Wiltshire are looking to appoint an excellent teacher of French and Spanish to cover maternity leave from Feb 2013 to the end of the academic year. There is the potential for this job to extend into the new academic year for the right candidate. This secondary school recently took on academy status and is committed to providing the best education for pupils from all backgrounds. The school has a strong ethos based on integrity, honesty and tolerance and believes that every child deserves access to a top quality education. The school is seeking an enthusiastic and committed teacher who will continue to uphold the school's reputation and values. It is vital that you have strong classroom management skills. You will be joining the school's sterling Modern Languages Department which has a reputation for superb teaching and for raising the levels of attainment among it's pupils. You will be expected to teach French to A Level and Spanish to GCSE level. The successful candidate must have qualified teacher status and the right to work in the UK. Applications that do not meet this criteria will not be considered Hays Education is an accredited Quality Mark company and is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. If you are interested in applying for this job or want to register for other teaching jobs with Hays then please contact Sabrina Norris at Hays Education on or **** **** **** Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TEACHEROFFRENCHANDSPANISH_job****