Title: Marketing Officer  Garsington Opera
Webindex: 69681342
Company: GARSINGTON OPERA
Description: The Marketing Manager will join the company at an exciting time and will play a pivotal role in increasing the company profile, the number of new Affiliate members and ticket sales and will be responsible for all print and digital communications working within the organisation s objectives. In addition the role will include continually assessing the overall image of Garsington Opera as conveyed both in print and digitally. The Marketing Manager will be based at Garsington Opera's office in Great Milton, Oxfordshire, and will need to work flexible hours particularly during the season. Skills Required Would suit highly motivated person looking for a second job post graduation. Excellent writing and communication skills Knowledge of the arts world Sound administrative skills and experience Absolute concern for detail and accuracy Knowledge and experience of marketing within the arts an advantage Knowledge of website design and creation an advantage Experience of buying and producing print an advantage Ability to prioritise workloads Self motivated, enthusiastic team player Experience and affinity for technology with excellent Microsoft Office skills. Experience of working with graphic design software an advantage. Initiative and drive with the ability to identify and implement best working methods Professional and efficient approach to all work Knowledge of the charity sector an advantage Company Background Garsington Opera has completed two highly successful seasons in its new premises at Wormsley having relocated from Garsington Manor where it had been running since its inception 23 years ago. Its new location is under an hour from London and the auditorium seating capacity has increased by 16%. The opera s funding relies largely on its loyal private supporters who donate an annual membership fee, buy approximately 80% of the tickets, and donate further sums to support the work of the opera. As a result of the move and the increased capacity, we are able to expand our Affiliate Membership and we are seeking a full time Marketing Manager to join our small dedicated team.