Title: Foundation Stage Primary Supply Teachers
Webindex: 71849480
Company: Capita Education Resourcing
Description: FOUNDATION STAGE SUPPLY PRIMARY TEACHERS REQUIRED IN WEST KENT Capita Education are currently looking to recruit Foundation Stage Primary Teachers for day to day supply or long term supply teaching jobs/positions. The areas we are focusing on are Medway, Maidstone, Gravesend and Dartford. The successful Foundation Stage candidates will need to be flexible and be able to travel to various primary schools within these areas in West Kent  Maidstone, Medway Towns, Gravesend and Dartford. Capita are looking for exceptional Foundation Stage Primary supply teachers for this role in order to meet our total commitment to our schools and the children they support. To that end, you must meet the following requirements:  You must be either a strong Foundation Stage Primary Teacher with QTS or a dynamic NQT with excellent behavioural management.  Must be proactive, adaptable and flexible, working alongside established TAs to enhance children's learning.  Have a creative and engaging approach in the classroom to keep pupils focused on their learning.  Must have previous experience of working with children of mixed abilities and have strategies that enable every child is learning within the classroom.  Able to support the school learning policies and become an active member of the teaching team. At Capita we take our responsibilities to you seriously, our aim is to provide you with work in a variety of school settings and to ensure you are well supported and rewarded for your efforts, even if it is sometimes just to say 'thank you' for a job well done. As part of the Capita Supply Team, you will benefit from:  The support of a dedicated Primary Consultant  Support with CV writing, interview preparation and ongoing career advice  A variety of schools offering different challenges that can add to your experiences  Good rates of pay Keep more of your hard earned pay by using Capita Education Resourcing's approved payroll partner. We can help you keep more of your earnings through taxefficient payment methods. Details provided upon application. Capita Education Resourcing is an accredited Quality Mark company. Capita Education Resourcing is committed to a policy of equal opportunities. We respect and value cultural and religious diversity and will not discriminate on the basis of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion, culture or disability. Each individual is assessed on merit alone. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FoundationStagePrimarySupplyTeachers_job****