Title: Key Stage **** Phase Leader
Webindex: 69006775
Company: Edustaff London Ltd
Description: Is this the time to stand out from the rest of the crowd and take up the challenge of Senior Leadership? Are you a Key Stage **** Teacher who would like the dual responsibility of being a Year 2 Teacher and a Key Stage 1 Leader? Have you the ability, drive and ambition to take up a Senior Leadership position in an Outstanding School? Year 2 Teacher and Key Stage 1 Phase Leader Needed Outstanding Primary School in SE London Permanent Contract Starting September 2013 MPS plus TLR An Outstanding Primary school in Greenwich are looking to appoint an accomplished and experienced Key Stage 1 Teacher in January 2013. The position has emerged due to the combination of a maternity leave and restructuring of senior leadership responsibility. It is an exciting opportunity for an experienced teacher with leadership experience and the ambition to be part of an Outstanding team. The ideal applicant will have had experience of leading a curriculum or a Phase and be able to demonstrate the skills that are needed for such responsibility. In addition it is important that the applicant be ready to teach a Year 2 class for 3 days a week and assume managerial responsibilities in the remaining time. This is a school that has been vastly improved by the Head Teacher and she expects staff to do ?whatever it takes? to ensure that all pupils achieve their full potential. The staff respond well to this and so expectations of what pupils can achieve are high. Leadership and management at all levels are of exceptionally high quality. Leaders check the quality of teaching thoroughly and quickly support any teacher who needs to improve their practice. A permanent contract is being offered to a candidate who can demonstrate their excellent teaching skills and leadership acumen. This is an excellent chance for a teacher who may be unable to make career progression at their current school. If you would like to apply for this exciting opportunity as a Year 2 teacher and KS1 Leader then please contact Andrew at Edustaff today