Title: Learning mentor needed in North London
Webindex: 69804113
Company: Remedy Education
Description: Learning mentor needed in North London Remedy are seeking an exceptional Learning mentor who has ignited a passion for inspiring and motivating disaffected and vulnerable young people. You will need to engage and enthuse learners whilst allowing them to explore challenging issues in a safe and supportive environment. You will need to work exceptionally well in a team, motivate your colleagues as well as running your classroom smoothly. This is an outstanding opportunity for an ambitious, innovative and enthusiastic individual to make their mark by contributing to the development of this school. Where appropriate, the successful candidate is likely to have a track record of success with children with special educational needs from those with learning difficulties to the gifted and talented; a proven commitment to the highest standards of learning; and the ability to think strategically and creatively. Are you prepared to jointhe staff in an exciting role in this school and assist in contributing to its development? Have you: • The experience and subject skills to help continue the development of the school’s SEN department • The skills to enthuse students to cooperate in an educational venture that will promote high standards of teaching and learning? • The wider community vision that will promote the school to parents • The ability to stimulate others and inspire children to succeed?  Help control challenging students and prevent any reoccurrence If you which to apply for this position then please contact Lara at Remedy Education  Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd endeavour to be an equal opportunities employer and we welcome applications from everyone with suitable skills and ability regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, gender, disability, sexual orientation, age, religion or belief. All applications will be accepted and reviewed solely on merit. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LearningmentorneededinNorthLondon_job****