Title: Senior Administrative Assistant
Webindex: 69694825
Description: Hays Office Support are working on behalf of a leading secondary school based in Leicester who are looking to recruit an experienced Administrative Assistant to cover maternity leave. The postholder will be required to work 37 hours per week for the 38 weeks in the academic year Job Purpose  Providing a comprehensive, confidential administrative service to the VicePrincipals and Extended Leadership Team of the College.  To provide detailed administrative support service to the Curriculum Team Leaders/Faculties Main Duties  To provide a confidential service to the VicePrincipals and ELT as necessary. This will include the fast and efficient word processing of letters, complex reports, statistics, forms, papers, Powerpoint presentations, minutes, agendas, returns and some College publications, including filing. Prioritising, coordinating and organising their own workload, drawn from a variety of sources in liaison with the Office Manager and VicePrincipals.  To provide detailed administrative support to the VicePrincipals.  To improve and organise existing administrative procedures and systems, implementing and introducing changes as required.  To answer the telephone and meet visitors providing hospitality as necessary, dealing proactively with complaints and queries as required.  To organise and maintain the safeguarding systems for Child Protection and police records and all trips and visits documentation  To take a proactive role in the collection of all student data necessary to fulfil the responsibilities of the post, including updating and maintaining the college s student personal data with new starters, leavers and Movers.  To carry out admissions procedures in liaison with Heads of Year and VicePrincipal  To complete and produce annual surveys accurately and in a timely manner. (e.g. PLASC, admissions and leavers, travellers returns, and DFES requests for information relating to attendance  To liaise with the member of staff responsible for the timetable and to assist with the inputting of the college timetable and NOVA maintaining up to date records and lists (end of year procedures).  To oversee the maintenance and updating of student files on SIMs, distributing student information as appropriate, such as class changes.  To support the VicePrincipals in management of students and student support  The postholder will be required to carry out any other duties within the purview of the grade as directed by the Vice Principals or Office Manager.  To be aware that all staff are responsible for the safeguarding and promoting of the welfare of children. Person Specification  Highlevel experience and knowledge of fast and efficient processing in a variety of software packages, including manipulation of data and spreadsheets in MS Word and Excel.  Excellent administrative skills  Experience of working in a team and delivering a high quality customer service  Attention to detail  High level of interpersonal skills and ability to communicate and liaise effectively with a wide range of stakeholders  Respect and awareness for confidentiality  Excellent organisational and time management skills  Ability to work under pressure and prioritise a number of competing demands  Knowledge of SIMS is desirable