Title: General Supply Teaching Role in Kent
Webindex: 69534226
Company: Timeplan Education Group Ltd
Description: An exciting General Supply teaching job has become available at a rural Secondary School in Kent. They require a General Supply teacher that is available to start from November 2012. Suitable applicants for this position will hold appropriate teaching qualifications and be a committed and motivated teacher with the ability to teach and engage students across the ability range. You should be able to teach a variety of subjects from Year **** to A Level. School and Location A rapidly expanding large West Kent school which is heavily oversubscribed. The school has achieved specialist status and is a centre for training teachers. OFSTED categorised this school as a good and improving school with some outstanding features. Requirements This General Supply teaching vacancy in Kent will require a teacher whose key deliverables involve:  Delivering good and outstanding teaching practices as the norm  A willingness to implement changes and developments in the National Curriculum  Creating an enriching, supportive and high performing learning environment  Supporting the school ethos at all times during your working days. You will be an imaginative supportive and forward thinking classroom practitioner. You will possess excellent teaching skills and an ability to lead classes with pace and sufficient challenge. It is essential that you understand the schools academic standing and have a sincere commitment to sharing longterm aims and drive for continuous improvement. All applicants must fulfil the following criteria:  be UK qualified or hold a recognised teaching qualification  be comfortable teaching a range of subjects  be available for face to face interview. In return we offer:  competitive rates of pay  a designated Key Coordinator  associated pay benefits, including a longer working day allowance, meal allowance and travel expenses  opportunities to aid your professional development. If you are interested in applying for this Maths teaching position please apply online today or call Heather Wood at TimePlan the number one teaching agency for teaching jobs in Kent on **** ****