Title: Early Years Educator Level 2  Gateshead
Webindex: 72482032
Company: 4Children
Description: Vacancy: Early Years Educator Level 2 4Children is currently advertising for the job role of Early Years Educator Level 2 based at Bensham Grove Day Care, Bensham, Gateshaed Salary: **** per annum Location: Bensham Grove Day Care, Sidney Grove, Bensham, Gateshead, NE**** 2XD Hours: 35 hours per week Closing Date: Friday, 25th January 2013 Duration: This is a temporary position until Mid July 2013 Job Purpose and Principal accountabilities  To work as an effective member of an early year s team delivering a flexible, high quality, education and care centred service that meets the needs of the young children and their families.  To work in partnership with the early years and childcare staff and trainees as part of a highly motivated and professional team.  To contribute to staff meetings, attend staff development and keep up to date with current childcare issues.  Be flexible and creative and have the commitment to provide first class childcare.  Have the ability to promote good practice in a professional and inclusive manner.  Be fully involved in all activities associated with the early years and daycare provision.  To assist with planning an appropriate range of activities in line with the Early Years Foundation Stage including organising and preparing all materials used for social training, physical development and educational experience, e.g. art and craft activities, sand and water play, cooking, musical activities, story telling, dressingup and role play, computer activities, large and small apparatus activities and other excursions.  To clear up after activities making sure that materials and equipment are well cared for and stored properly.  To work closely with parents to create and develop open and inclusive working partnerships which support the development of their children.  To encourage children in the development of personal hygiene e.g. toileting.  To undertake specialist tasks as determined by the Early Years and Childcare Manager and her Deputy including contributions to report preparation.  To promote inclusive attitudes and practices to accommodate and support the diversity of the local community.  To contribute to and support induction training and ongoing support of trainees at the centre.  To undertake observation, assessment and record keeping as required.  To undertake duties which involve supporting and developing college students on placement and modern apprenticeships.  This job description describes responsibilities, as they are currently required. It is anticipated duties will change over time and the job description may need to be reviewed in the future.  4Children is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and families and all posts are subject to enhanced CRB disclosure. 4Children is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from underrepresented groups, equality of opportunity is part of our philosophy and an essential feature of our practice. To help us monitor the application of our policy, please can you complete the Equal Opportunity Form. Please download the form by clicking here. URL removed Please Note: We do not accept CV s as part of our application process. How to apply Download the 4Children Application Pack and Job Description pack  click here. URL removed To request an application pack and for further information please call the 24 hour Recruitment Line on **** **** **** or email HR4Children.org.uk 