Title: Lunchtime Play leader
Webindex: 67447847
Company: Transform Training and Recruitment Consulting
Description: We are seeking a talented lunchtime play leader. It is expected that you will be a positive and committed member of the team of staff at this School, playing a full role in the education, personal and social development of the children of the school. We aim to provide a stimulating, caring and happy environment in which children are equipped with the skills they need to become successful lifelong learners. Your job description describes in general terms what you will be expected to undertake during your time in the school which is 11.30am to 1.30pm. However, the jobs or duties described may vary or be amended from time to time without changing the level of responsibility associated with the post. Roles and responsibilities: • To supervise, care, integrate and play with the children • To work cooperatively with other team members/school staff and show a flexible and enthusiastic approach to your position • To prepare the playground/dining hall prior to lunch and tidy all areas following lunch to which you get allocated paid time for each day • Emphasis on working with the children and staff should not to cluster together. This ensures safe monitoring of all playgrounds • To be positive and use the appropriate language and speech you would expect from the children, including manners and monitor and uphold the schools expectations with behaviour • To ensure safe supervision for all children at all times and to work within health and safety guidelines including attending all health and Safety training. • To be aware of all health and safety regulations including fire safety procedures • To share in the whole school responsibility for promoting and safeguarding the welfare of pupils at the school • Consistently strive to improve the lunchtime experience • Contributing and organise the planning of the Lunchtime experience and its implementation, including being involved in team meetings and directing staff • Working with individuals and groups of children of all levels of ability and preparing activities. • Ensuring children access healthy school lunches by ongoing monitoring • Liaising with school staff regarding any issues of concern. • To be fun and make the lunchtime a fun and exciting part of the school day • Assisting school in establishing an exciting, purposeful and safe lunchtime environment, which enables children to feel secure and happy • Assisting with the general welfare and safety of all pupils at all times, including the administration of basic first aid (under the guidance of the school ‘First Aiders’, and caring for children who are unwell, including changing their clothes if appropriate. • To keep all LSA files and first aid documentation up to date • Undertaking other practical tasks to assist in the running of the school, as the headteacher or designated member of staff requires • To be fully involved in the life of the school, including supporting fundraising events