Title: Learning Support Assistant
Webindex: 62115516
Company: Edustaff
Description: A charming Primary School located in Central London is looking for a Learning Support Assistant from January to work with a child who has Autism. The ideal candidate for this post would be a Psychology graduate looking for experience with children who have Special Educational Needs before applying for a MSc in Education/ Clinical Psychology, or those wishing to become a Speech & Language Therapist Sound like you? Get in touch today Learning Support Assistant **** post working with a child on the ASD (Autistic Spectrum Disorder) Long term post from January ****01****Excellent rate of pay depending on experience Experience with Autism an advantage Fantastic Primary School ? Central London If you?re a talented Psychology graduate whose passion is working with children with special needs, then we would love to hear from you. If you?re a Psychology graduate thinking of a career as an Educational Psychologist and you need experience working with children then you need to apply for this post ASAP. From January a Primary School located in Central London has a vacancy for a Learning Support Assistant. This post is to work with a specific child with Autism who will be joining them in for the rest of the academic year. This is a charming 2 form multicultural school which is in the heart of the local community. This school has an excellent leadership team, supportive parents and governors and children who love coming to school. from January the Head has informed me they have a young boy joining the school in Year 3. The child has mild Autism with no challenging behaviour. The Head and SENCO are looking for a supportive and committed Psychology graduate to support the child for the whole of the next academic year. Experience with ASD isn?t essential as long as you have a passion for SEN, can commit for the whole of the next academic year, and you believe you can make a difference to this boys life. Sound like you? If you?re interested in this post and you are following your dream of one day becoming an Education/ Clinical Psychologist or even a Speech & Language therapist and you are empathetic we would love to hear from you. The school would like to interview candidates ASAP. If you would like to apply for this post please Email a CV and covering letter to Nigel at Edustaff ASAP.