Title: Key Stage 2 Teacher
Webindex: 66523689
Company: ITN Mark Education
Description: ITN Mark Education would like to welcome a passionate primary school teacher to apply for this key stage 2 teacher vacancy in the Aston area of Birmingham. This is a large primary school located close to Birmingham city centre. Almost all of its pupils are from minority ethnic groups, mostly of Pakistani or Bangladeshi backgrounds, and speak english as an additional language. This is a rapidly improving school and demonstrates a good capacity for sustained improvement through an accurate appraisal of its own effectiveness and the success of its work in improving pupils' learning since the last inspection. The school now moves children from low starting points when they join the nursery to attain standards that are broadly in line with the national averages in english and mathematics by the end of Year **** Securely underpinning its work in ensuring that pupils achieve well is good quality teaching, a good curriculum which includes a strong focus on developing pupils' skills in english, and excellent daytoday care. It is an inclusive school in which pupils are warmly welcomed and equally valued. The pupils have an excellent understanding of how to keep safe, and say that they feel safe at school because all adults take exceptionally good care of them. Pupils' welldeveloped social skills, together with their eagerness to learn and outstanding behaviour, provide a secure platform for good learning to take place. The key to the schools success is skilled teaching coupled with rigorous monitoring of the pupils' performance. We are looking for a primary teacher to maintain a high standard of teaching in Year 2 for five mornings. You will need to be imaginative and perceptive in your teaching approach and have superb rapport building skills. Successful Primary Teachers must have: QTS & eligibility to work within the UK Promote equal opportunities in the classroom Extensive subject knowledge Think and plan strategically Commitment to learning and development of pupils Teach at a consistently good and outstanding level Have strong interpersonal skills to effectively communicate with staff, parents and students Experienced Primary Teachers and NQTs welcome Benefits of working through ITN Mark Education: Primary Teachers paid up to main scale Continued professional development for primary teachers Work in local Primary Schools Weekly pay for Primary Teachers Refer a friend to ITN Mark (must have worked for 25 days) and receive **** worth of capital bond vouchers. As DfE Quality Mark holders, ITN Mark Education requires all primary teachers to have a fully enhanced CRB check, minimum of two references plus a face to face interview. If you are driven, motivated and aim to enhance the educational experience of the children that you work with, please contact Stuart on **** **** **** or send your CV to stuart.beeritnmark.com ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.