Title: Nursery Assistant  Lunch Cover  Kirkby
Webindex: 69747218
Company: Asquith Nurseries
Description: We are currently seeking a proven Nursery Assistant to join the team at our Kirkby Day Nursery. Our bright, spacious, happy nursery is rated Good with Outstanding features by Ofsted. We re a purposebuilt setting within the David Lloyd Club and we benefitted from a major refurbishment in 2011. You ll find us located conveniently close to the M57 and East Lancashire Road between Liverpool and Manchester, with plenty of parking. Our opening hours are 7.00am 6.30pm. This is a part time position working 112pm TuesdayFriday. Tell me more about the responsibilities of a Nursery Assistant within Asquith? As a Nursery Assistant you will ensure that children are kept safe and when necessary follow safeguarding procedures Be a reliable member of the team, working cooperatively and with flexibility Observe each Childs progress and report on achievements Understand that each child is an individual and have a general understanding of childcare and child development Develop positive relationships with parents/carers, other staff and outside agencies Assist with planning a programme of activities, suitable for the age range of the children following the guidelines for the implementation of the EYFS. Attend staff meetings and training sessions as required Undertake a shared responsibility fro health, safety and cleanliness throughout the nursery What experience and qualifications must I have to apply? Good Communication Skills Affinity with young children Ability to work as a reliable member of the team, developing positive relationships with colleagues, parents, children and outside agencies Asquith Nurseries are committed to ensuring everyone in our organisation is responsible for Safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children. All successful candidates will be required to undertake an enhanced CRB disclosure. Due to a high level of applications, only successful candidates will be contacted