Title: Classroom Assistant  G**** Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 68798921
Company: East Dunbartonshire Council
Description: Holy Family Primary School This salary will be prorated. The appointment of Classroom Assistants is an essential ingredient of the Council’s drive to raise pupil attainment. Working 20 hours each week during school term time, you will assist teachers with nonteaching duties including administration, supervision of pupils, preparation of teaching materials and under the direction of the class teacher provide support for learning. Literature, numerate and with good interpersonal skills, you will be able to demonstrate a particular ability to relate to children that has been developed through dealing with them in a controlled environment (paid or voluntary). Excellent communication skills are essential and knowledge of computer packages would be advantageous. CHARTER OF COMMITMENT The commitment by East Dunbartonshire Council to job applicants is as follows: • Individuals will be treated in a polite, friendly and welcoming manner. • Equalities monitoring will be conducted to ensure a fair and equitable process with screening being carried out to anonymise sensitive information such as age, gender and disability. • The information that we receive will be treated in confidence and with discretion. Only the relevant HR representative/team and the relevant service will see the application form. • We will encourage and welcome applications from applicants under the disability symbol. Where the essential criteria are met an interview will be offered to those applying under the disability symbol. • We will be pleased to make any reasonable adjustments to ensure accessibility at the interview. • We will advise you within reasonable time after the closing date if you have not met the interview criteria. (Normally within **** weeks) • We will advise you of meeting the criteria for interview normally within 3 weeks. • We will advise you if you have been successful or unsuccessful at the interview stage as soon as practically possible. www.eastdunbarton.gov.uk Hours per week: 20 Weeks per year: **** To view the full job advert and any other related documentation, click on the 'Apply Online Now' button below.