Title: Experienced Foundation Teacher needed ASAP
Webindex: 69005471
Company: Protocol Education
Description: Your role will include but not be limited: To provide an educational environment conducive to the learning of the children in the class in line with the school educational philosophy. Understand the needs of the individual children in the class, structuring their learning so that they progress at a rate which challenges them in a secure environment. To teach the class as agreed with the Headmaster and Head of Pre Prep You will be expected to take particular responsibility for the social and emotional development of the children in the class and to be involved in the pastoral care of all children in the school/department. To deliver the curriculum, adhering to school policies and curricular documents. All work should be properly prepared and that school policies regarding presentation of work, marking etc should be adhered to. To maintain the management of children s behaviour in line with school policy. To record children s progress, attainment and achievement in line with school assessment policy. To report to parents in line with the school reporting and assessment policy. To attend whole school, year group and subject specific staff meetings as required. To plan teaching, learning and assessment of curriculum. To liaise with Heads of Departments regarding the curriculum when appropriate. Undertake playground duties as set out in the school rota. Take part in extracurricular activities as appropriate. To conduct themselves in a professional manner in line with the code of practice and expectations as outlined in the staff manual. It is expected that classes will be properly managed at all times. Personal and Professional Development To represent the School and its interests in the wider community. Teachers are expected to be punctual and wellpresented. Attend professional development training as identified. Disseminate information from professional development training attended. Be aware of current trends in teaching and learning