Title: Nursery Manager (Jewish Nursery School)
Webindex: 70761193
Company: Caleeda Limited
Description: A Rare and exciting role for an experienced Nursery Manager to support the Startup/setup and management of a Jewish Nursery School. This role would be very suited to someone who has previous experience of delivering similar services. You must have indepth knowledge, understanding and respect for the Jewish culture and religion. You will be responsible for all aspects of the management for the nursery. You will be someone who has a proven track record in managing and leading a large nursery staff team with a supportive and nurturing approach to your management style. Having strong people management skills with an ability to develop excellent working relationships. You will provide an inspiring working environment which is reflective of the Jewish culture and religion, the ability to lead and manage the team to deliver outstanding levels of childcare and education. You will have excellent parent partnership skills with a real passion for delivering excellent services to all the children and families using the services, having a strong understanding of the client s needs and expectations. You will be responsible for the smooth running of the nursery, some of your responsibilities will include: To Achieve and maintain high standards of care To Effectively lead and manage the staff team, manage staff recruitment and retention To effectively manage the budget and occupancy levels to ensure the nursery is profitable To ensure all policies are implemented and adhered to at all times To Implement an effective parent liaison program You will need to have the following qualifications, training and experience: NNEB, CACHE level 3, NVQ level 3 or equivalent 3 years postqualification experience and 2 years relevant supervisory experience Excellent knowledge and understanding of the EYFS Excellent organisational skills with the ability to work to targets and deadlines Knowledge of health and safety legislation Knowledge of OFSTED standards Strong people management skills with the ability to lead and motivate a staff team Knowledge and understanding of equal opportunities In return we offer excellent rates of pay, bonuses and benefits with ongoing support and career development. All applicants will be required to complete an enhanced CRB Disclosure. Please click APPLY to upload your CV