Title: Antipodean Teachers Urgently
Webindex: 70761086
Company: Sugarman Medical
Description: Sugarman Education is currently looking for Antipodean ( Australia, New Zealand trained) teachers, to teach in several South West London based schools. We would also welcome teachers that have been trained in the USA, Canada and South Africa. I currently have many teaching jobs going in the south west of London for English, Science, Maths and PE. Current roles are ASAP starts along with jobs that are available from February and March. I currently represent a large number of teachers teaching in London. I offer exciting opportunities at some of the best schools in London along with some of the more challenging schools. Each teacher applying MUST have a full teaching qualification (PGCE or equivalent) NQTs are also welcome to apply. Candidates interested in the position should send their CV to jonathan sugarmaneducation .co. uk or call Sugarman Education on (Apply online only) to hear more details of this position and to learn of all opportunities available for now or the future Sugarman Education provides a dedicated and committed service to candidates. We offer top daily rates of pay for supply staff, referral bonuses, generous CPD packages and a dedicated consultant to find you a perfect position. Our objective is to be an equal opportunities employer; because of this we welcome applications from everyone with suitable skills and ability regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, gender, disability, sexual orientation, age, religion or belief. All applications will be accepted and reviewed solely on merit. At Sugarman Education and SEN, currently over half of our specialist Consultants are qualified teaching professionals  assuring you the very highest levels of support Sugarman Education is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and young people. All posts are subject to an enhanced CRB check and referencing. Please visit our website www. sugarman. co .uk