Title: Primary School teacher required for Sutton
Webindex: 71083332
Company: Academics Ltd
Description: Are you an experienced Primary Teacher looking for a Key Stage **** Teacher post? Or will you be an NQT in a few months that is looking for a supportive and settled school to become a part of? If so then keep reading Academics may have the ideal opportunity for you  Primary Teacher  Key Stage **** – Year group of your choice.  Borough of Sutton  NQT applications welcome  Permanent position  MPS/UPS  February ****013 start A small and friendly primary school situated in the Borough of Sutton are looking for a creative and dedicated Primary Teacher to join them from February. My client is an oversubscribed, flourishing primary school situated close to the borders of Croydon. Statistically the proportion of pupils who speak English as an additional language is lower than average, and very few pupils are at an early stage of learning the language. The proportion of pupils who have special educational needs are also lower than the national average The school has the perfect experienced and newly qualified; they have a very settled and stable teaching team that is made up of some NQT's and the rest are very experienced teachers with some being there for over 10 years. The Head Teacher has been in post for over 5 years and has been described as the type of Head that always has his door open and is very approachable and supportive to all his staff. They are looking for a Primary Teacher for either a Year 1 or **** class (this will be your choice). These are classes of **** pupils that have the full time support of experienced Teaching Assistants. The children have been described as a joy to teach with no major behavioural concerns. Both classes have a child with a statement of special needs that have the support of a part time LSA. They offer a great induction support package for NQT's with one of the SLT providing mentoring support giving you the opportunity of learning from the very best They are currently in the process of expanding in to a 2 form entry school and due to this they will soon be able to boast a brand new modern building with all the latest facilities and resources to allow you to deliver your lessons in the most exciting and engaging ways If you are interested then click apply now Or contact Academics Today