Title: 2013 Graduate Rotation Scheme in Executive Search  London  ****k
Webindex: 69681565
Company: GRADUATE RECRUITMENT BUREAU
Description: An independent and highly specialist executive search firm based in London's financial district. They excel in providing consultancy and retained search services to publicly and privately owned companies across the world. Their particular areas of expertise lie in financial services, industrials and manufacturing, and media and telecommunications. There are up to four positions available to start in September 2013. Graduates start out their careers in the business as Researchers. Researchers are a critical part of the team, working alongside Consultants and Partners to execute search work and find personnel solutions for clients. On joining the company, you will start a rigorous eight week training period in basic executive research techniques, including market mapping, sourcing, approaching and interviewing candidates. Following the induction period you will then start the first of what will be between four and six sixmonth rotations across Financial Services and Corporate practices, benefitting from great exposure to a broad spectrum of business functions and ultimately providing an opportunity to discover the right specialism to develop a career in. Ultimately, you will be researching to find candidates for senior appointments within organisations in both private and public sectors. You will find as many executives as you can per vacancy  through both deskbased research and telephonebased networking techniques. You will be responsible for updating your Consultants with any market or person information as well as assisting with board advisory research. The basic salary for this position is ****k and carries an annual discretionary bonus based on personal and company performance. We are looking for people who have shown a real involvement in university life and actively sought challenges and positions of responsibility. Your strong intellect must be demonstrated by a 2.1 degree (or equivalent) in any discipline from a leading university. Candidates must have prior work or internship experience in a corporate or professional services organisation. A second language is a bonus but not essential. Successful candidates will:  Have excellent verbal and written communication skills  Have exceptional interpersonal skills and be able to gain the trust and respect of colleagues  Possess maturity beyond their years  Be a strong team player  Possess drive and ambition  Have a high level of initiative and an ability to work without close supervision  Have the desire to learn quickly about business news, industry developments and detailed information about specific companies and industry sectors.  Display problem solving and analytical skills