Title: Qualified Foundation Stage Teachers required
Webindex: 71287796
Company: Aspire People
Description: Qualified Foundation Stage experienced Teachers required within a wide range of Birmingham Primary Schools. We have ongoing opportunities across Solihull and Birmingham for teachers of all degrees of experience, from Newly Qualified Teachers up to professionals who are now semiretired. If you have a real passion for teaching and can travel to areas within Birmingham and Solihull, then please call Mark at Aspire on **** for further details. Aspire People offer competitive rates of pay, an individual service for every candidate and ongoing opportunities within a wide range of Birmingham Primary schools. We also hold the Quality Mark, awarded from Department of Education. This demonstrates a commitment to quality and exhibits our commitment to ensuring our service is of an exceptional standard The successful applicant will have diverse behavioural strategies and a strong, directive presence within the classroom environment. To apply for this position, you must have the following skills and attributes:  An enthusiastic, wellmotivated and talented classroom practitioner  An ability to inspire children, staff and parents alike  Excellent knowledge of the National Curriculum  A friendly caring nature  The capacity to identify and target specific, individual needs  Keen to learn and develop professionally  Can create an environment that nurtures and stimulates positive attitudes, independence and an innovative approach to facilitating learning and teaching Please call Aspire People on **** for further details All candidates are subject to List **** checks, must provide a recent Criminal records Bureau check and also be able to provide two references from each of their last two teaching posts. Aspire People Limited provides services as an Education Agency and an Education Employment Business. Aspire People is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of pupils and expects every candidate to share this commitment. Placements are subject, to appropriate Child Protection screening, including checks with former employers and the Criminal Records Bureau.