Title: InWork Support Advisor  Welfare to Work
Webindex: 68676193
Company: Spirit Resourcing
Description: A large Training and Welfare to Work Services Provider is seeking an InWork Support Advisor to join their InWork Support team. You will work closely with two other INWS Professionals who manage postplacement support to customers and employers across a network of offices including Bishop Auckland, Consett, ChesterleStreet, Peterlee and Durham and you will be based from the nearest office to your home. The recent success of the company has meant that a further specialist InWork Advisor is required urgently. Not only will customers require support, as the duties outlined below show, but you will also engage with and develop relationships with employers as well. For Employers you will be able to provide advice and additional support to advise on how to best assist customers who have reentered employment. Due to the unfamiliarity of working a set routine every week, some customers will need assistance with what may appear to be minor difficulties, but for them have become an issue that needs managing. You will achieve this by assisting them to resolve these difficulties through the provision of solutions that will enable them to reestablish control. An example could be suggesting they work more flexibly in terms of their hours (with the employers agreement) or assisting them to work out alternative travelto work arrangements and so forth. Most importantly, having the option to speak to a professional about their experiences to date will be of great help to each customer. This is a permanent post with an organisation offering 25 days annual leave rising to **** after 5 years` service, pension up to 7.5% employer contribution, life assurance, full expenses and further benefits. Due to the need to visit Employer premises throughout the region you must be a car owner. Please apply for full information about this opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InWorkSupportAdvisorWelfaretoWork_job****