Title: Support for Learning Assistant  G****
Webindex: 67942003
Company: BEARSDEN ACADEMY
Description: Bearsden Academy Language & Communication Resource This salary will be prorated. You will provide support to children and young people with additional support needs within Bearsden Academy LCR unit. You will be responsible for the personal care needs of pupils and under the direction of the class/subject teacher, you will help pupils with specific learning activities and to follow instructions and organise their work. When required you will provide supervision for pupils out with the classroom for eg in the playground, corridors, dining area, during PE and organised school trips. You will have a pleasant tolerant manner and a proven capacity to establish positive relationships with children and young people. Experience of working with children and young people with additional support needs and an interest in their development is essential. A relevant qualification in childcare is desirable. CHARTER OF COMMITMENT The commitment by East Dunbartonshire Council to job applicants is as follows: • Individuals will be treated in a polite, friendly and welcoming manner. • Equalities monitoring will be conducted to ensure a fair and equitable process with screening being carried out to anonymise sensitive information such as age, gender and disability. • The information that we receive will be treated in confidence and with discretion. Only the relevant HR representative/team and the relevant service will see the application form. • We will encourage and welcome applications from applicants under the disability symbol. Where the essential criteria are met an interview will be offered to those applying under the disability symbol. • We will be pleased to make any reasonable adjustments to ensure accessibility at the interview. • We will advise you within reasonable time after the closing date if you have not met the interview criteria. (Normally within 4 weeks) • We will advise you of meeting the criteria for interview normally within 3 weeks. • We will advise you if you have been successful or unsuccessful at the interview stage as soon as practically possible. www.eastdunbarton.gov.uk Closing Date  30th January 2013 Disclosure: PVG Scheme Children