Title: Level 3 Teaching Assistant Position, Nuneaton
Webindex: 66596862
Company: ABC Teachers
Description: Are you a Level 3 Teaching Assistant? Are you looking for the opportunity to share your skills and knowledge with a fantastic new class? Are you looking for experience in a Primary School? Do you have what it takes to work for ABC Teachers? ABC Teachers are currently looking for a Level 3 Teaching Assistant to join our fantastic Team for this academic year. The school we are recruiting for is in the CV**** area of Nuneaton. The school is a brilliant **** form entry Primary School, and we place Teachers and Teaching Assistants here on a daily basis. We have had excellent reviews from our staff about the school, so you will love this opportunity. You will be required to work within a year 3/**** class to support the class teacher. Your role will include group work, one on one tutoring, and small reading groups. The class has 31 children who are all eager to learn. Fantastic behaviour management and a supporting, understanding attitude is essential. We have positions such as this coming up every day so please contact us today, either by phone or email, so that we can discuss this role and other ones like it that might suit your qualifications and experience. You can email us your CV on the address below, but if you don’t have one – don’t worry Just give us a call and we can help you out with this ABC Teachers are an accredited Quality Mark Agency for the 5th year running We have fantastic rates of pay of up to **** per day (after qualifying period  AWR). All our teachers are kept very busy  and very happy We pride ourselves on providing the best for you We work collaboratively with schools across Coventry and Warwickshire, so your dedicated local consultant can speak with you about your local area and exactly what type of schools you would like to work in. If you are interested in this position then please call ABC Teachers directly and speak to Rosie. If you would like to apply, please email the address below. All applicants must be a fully qualified Teacher (PGCE, Bed or equivalent). ABC Teachers undertake a rigid background procedure before placing any candidates with schools. In applying for this position you will be required to undergo an Enhanced Criminal Record Bureau Check, Reference checking, ID check, and provide evidence of your rights to work in the UK.