Title: Nursery Staff  Permanant  Bristol
Webindex: 68679725
Company: pro education
Description: Nursery Staff  Permanant  Bristol Our Client  A privately run Bristol based Nursery is seeking to recruit a number of permanent Nursery Nurses/Practitioners to join their successful growing organisation. The Nursery provides the highest quality childcare in a happy, relaxed and secure environment.The aim to nurture each child by attending to their unique individual needs through exploring, discovering learning. The Nursery is exceptionally well designed and equipped to the highest standards, with painstaking consideration given to the outside space to allow your children to develop and grow. Key Tasks:  To be a proactive member of a staff team who provide a safe, stimulating and inclusive environment in which babies and young children are supported and encouraged to achieve their full potential.  To offer full and practical support in the day to day running of the nursery.  To follow all routines, duties, timetables, rotas, record keeping activities.  To ensure clean and hygienic standards are maintained at all times. Job Role:  The candidate must be able to demonstrate proven experience working with children of all ages and providing good standards of care education.  The nursery nurse must understand and respect the need for consistency of care for children, to include assistance in providing a safe, supportive caring environment.  They will be involved in developing and delivering a high quality, stimulating, creative and welcoming environment for the children within the nursery.  They will be a good communicator with children, parents and other staff, being polite and courteous at all times.  This is a role that would enable the successful candidate to make a real impact on the nursery. Competencies: NVQ Level 3 in Childcare / equivalent Previous nursery experience required Understanding of EYFS regulations Good communication skills verbal and written, fluent in English. Positive attitude Creative and ambitious High level of confidentiality and integrity Ability to work as part of a team This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NurseryStaffPermanantBristol_job****