Title: Early Years & Childcare Deputy
Webindex: 67005726
Company: 4Children
Description: Job Purpose Principal Accountabilities: To assist in the management and development of the range of early years education, daycare, cr che, and play services for children and young people aged 011 years as part of the Day Care Centre. To support the Early Years and Childcare Manager in the development of a strategy for continued links between all early years and childcare facilities in the area and the Day Care Centre. To support the Early Years and Childcare Manager in the ongoing development of staff, trainees and volunteers within the Day Care Centre services. To assist the Head of Children s Services (North) on the development of the 4Children Centre programme. Deputising for the management of the early years education and childcare services and staff within the Day Care Centre. To contribute to the development and implementation of a strategy for coordinating and developing high quality early years and childcare services to meet the needs of 011 years olds and the local community. To assist with the promotion and encouragement of all users of the Day Care Centre Early Years Education and Childcare services parents, carers, childminders and others to participate in the decisionmaking processes relating to the strategic development of those services within the Centre. To support the leadership and professional development of a team of early years educators containing a range of roles and levels of responsibilities. To support positive working relationships with partners and other agencies in the area  statutory, voluntary and community to provide a comprehensive service for families using the daycare, out of school and cr che facilities. To work with the Early Years and Childcare Manager in the development and daily management the day nursery and Out of School Club, to provide a safe, caring and stimulating environment for children, including those with special needs. To contribute to the management and development of cr che provision for children to enable parents to participate in a range of Day Care Centre activities. To support the development and leadership of a working environment in which the emotional, social, psychological, physical, developmental and educational wellbeing of children is paramount and in which a supportive, empathetic and nonjudgemental approach is used in all interactions with children and their families. To promote inclusive attitudes and practices to accommodate and support the diversity of the local community. To promote, encourage and support the active involvement of parents/carers, including childminders, as partners in all the activities of the various settings. To promote and support the development of an innovative approach to children s learning and play that includes a respectful image of children as competent and capable, and a close relationship between the Centre and the community. To provide cover in the daycare provision services as required to meet Ofsted standards. For further information and to apply online please click on the Apply Now button