Title: Outstanding EYFS Specialist needed
Webindex: 69005446
Company: Edustaff  Ltd
Description: Outstanding EYFS Specialist needed for a **** form entry school based in Kidderminster. Due to the nature of the school, all candidates will need to be experienced practitioners Are you an EYFS specialist with the ability to provide a stimulating classroom environment where pupils are happy to learn? Can you effectively support the needs of SEN pupils and cater for the mixed abilities? Are you committed to achieving the highest possible standards for yourself and pupils? If you have answered yes, this may be the role for you EYFS specialist required Dudley Kidderminster Permanent role MPS/UPS Direct school contract April start Due to the nature of the school all candidates must be experienced All Successful candidates must have a track record of raising and maintaining attainment Immediate interviews In the LEA of Dudley, my client school is eager to appoint an experienced EYFS specialist to join the school from April 2013. The school have gone through a tough time over the last few years and have recently restructured and are currently seeking specialists to drive the school forward. The current post holder is retiring from the school after spending a majority of her career with them. With the current teaching staff in the place, the school have gone from strength to strength and with the current post holder leaving the school need a specialist who can bring fresh ideas, a new burst of life and a fantastic teaching style. The senior leadership have bent over backwards to bring the school to where it is now and this is down to their effective leadership. The ideal candidates will need to have the ability to set clear targets based on prior attainment for pupils learning. You will need to provide a stimulating classroom environment where resources can be easily accessed appropriately by all pupils. Organisation is also key to this role, as you will need to keep records integrating formative and comprehensive assessment into weekly and termly planning. Does this sound like the type of school you can work for? Do you have the drive, passion and organisation to undertake this role? Have you answered yes? Then click apply now and send you CV to Cassandra at Edustaff, for more information regarding this role Please note: Only successful candidates will be contacted