Title: Business Development Manager / Solution Sales / Technical Sales
Webindex: 68347216
Company: networx Ltd
Description: We are currently looking for motivated, sales driven Business Development Managers to join our award winning company. Based across Yorkshire / East Midlands, you will receive Up to **** basic plus an extensive benefits package. Benefits Include: Car allowance, uncapped commission and annual bonus, monthly mobile phone allowance, business mileage, laptop, benefits package including pension and health care scheme. networx are recognised as market leaders in the development of Applicant Tracking Systems and possess an outstanding reputation for delivery and service within the HR arena. For the 2nd year running we have been awarded with Best Companies **** star accreditation, officially recognising networx as one of the top companies to work for and celebrating over 10 years within the industry. We have been instrumental in changing the way companies recruit, by delivering bespoke ATS s to ensure our clients improve efficiencies across the entire recruitment process. 2013 brings the launch of a new modular ATS boasting enhanced functionality to cement our existing client relationships and gain competitive advantage when developing new business. This is an exciting time for the business, and the Business Development Manager role provides you with a fantastic opportunity to utilise your business development skills to win new clients. It requires a highly consultative, solutionsales approach with the ability to deliver complex system solutions to HR decision makers in a highly professional manner. Targeting companies across your designated geographical area, you must be a selfstarter with the ability and self motivation to develop relationships at a senior level and be familiar with the latest business development techniques. The desire to make your own client appointments is essential. The successful candidate should have previous experience selling systems within the HR industry at a senior level. You should ideally be located in the Leeds / Sheffield area as the role requires you to spend a minimum of 2 days in the office, fully supported by the Regional Sales Manager to ensure your immediate success. The remainder of your time will be spent visiting your target clients in your designated territory, so you must be willing to travel. Consideration will be given to candidates living in the East Midlands area who are willing to travel to the Leeds office Mondays and Friday s on a weekly basis. You must have the motivation and discipline required to work on your own initiative, however, team interaction is highly important to us, so you will always have the support of your team and managers to ensure your success. We offer a comprehensive training course with a continual training and development plan. In addition to a competitive basic salary and benefits package, we reward success with an uncapped commission structure designed to maximise your earning potential and progression opportunities for successful individuals.