Title: Carpet Flooring Salesperson
Webindex: 72484944
Company: Dalkard Elliott  Ltd
Description: Dalkard Elliott is a wellestablished retailer of Carpets and Flooring, and have been trading for 50 years. We have just relocated to new and larger premises and due to increased business are looking to add to our sales force. We are currently looking for a Sales Consultant to join us in the expanded and successful carpets, flooring and rugs department. This is your opportunity to make a difference and join a forward looking company rooted in a tradition of high quality customer service. You will need to be customer focused, passionate about carpets and flooring and the success of your department. Being of a smart, professional appearance and confident in skills gained in previous retail sales environment, you will enjoy visiting customers in their home giving a first class measuring and estimating service. In store you will be responsible for advising customers; making appointments; ensuring your department meets company standards in both presentation and administration. A car owner/driver is desirable. You will work **** hours over 5 days a week as per the store rota. This will include weekends and evenings. We offer an extremely competitive basic salary and a generous commission package (uncapped) plus a generous mileage allowance and company mobile phone. Possible job share will be considered; in this case the salary will be prorata. The ideal candidate for this role will: Have a proven track record and experience in retail carpet and flooring sales; some experience of curtains, blinds and fabrics would be an advantage. Be an excellent communicator. Have experience of use Microsoft Word and Excel, email and the internet; experience of using a customer sales management system would be an advantage. Have a sound understanding of achieving KPI s sales targets. Be able to work autonomously as well as part of a team. If you feel you are the right person for us please email joannesunrisebusinesssupport.co.uk for a full job description and person specification and to submit your CV. All applications will be treated in confidence.