Title: Business Development Manager / Recruitment Solution Sales Consultant
Webindex: 66555225
Description: We are now recruiting for a Business Development Manager / Recruitment Solution Sales Consultant to be based across London and the South East. Benefits include: uncapped OTE, car allowance, laptop, mobile phone allowance, broadband, private healthcare and pension scheme. Our top performers are earning in excess of ****k. networx is the UK s market leading online recruitment solutions provider, with a reputation for the delivery of innovative products and pioneering services to the HR arena. Do you want to future proof your career within the recruitment industry? Our induction training programme gives you a great insight to social media strategies and the latest recruitment technology. After successful completion of our training programme, you will be able to discuss complex recruitment processes with senior management and design a simple, yet sophisticated solution. In addition to celebrating over 10 years as market leaders within our industry, networx have been officially recognised as one of the Best Companies to Work for receiving the highest possible **** star Accreditation. We are recruiting for a Client Relationship Manager to join our team in London. Targeting companies across your designated geographical area, you will be accountable for winning new business by analysing client s requirements and proposing the best possible solution. You will be joining a team that is currently overachieving, so you must be target driven and have real hunger for success. This is a great opportunity and ideally suited to those who have proved successful in a Solutions Sales Consultant role or similar position. The role is ideally suited to overachiever s with a recruitment consultancy, media sales or software solution sales background. Ideally you will have knowledge and experience of the recruitment industry however more importantly, you must be able to demonstrate knowledge of the sales lifecycle and prove overachievement. e:****pt;fontfamily:Arial;color:****'>