Title: Field sales engineer
Webindex: 66069137
Company: Brook Street
Description: Responsibilities  Achieving sales and profitable growth by developing and expanding sales to existing customers in identified and targeted industry sectors.  Growing the Territory customer base and achieving growth from opening new accounts in targeted industry sectors.  Growing the territory business through building excellent relationships with enduser clients, contractors and other specialist routes to market.  Developing relationships at all levels of our client organisations will be a key factor.  Customer contacts can vary from Managing Directors to workshop, stores and engineering personnel.  Reason for contact can include everything from contract negotiation, through to supervising product applications (with overalls on), with the emphasis on building durable client relationships aimed at delivering repeat sales.  Accurate information and customer records are a central element driving success in the role.  Experience of using laptop computer and other technology for customer records, reporting procedures and client presentations will be a distinct advantage.  Working within a clearly defined Territory Business Plan that integrates fully with plans at Regional and National level. Clients and Key Objectives The successful candidates will sell a range of high quality products and systems for the repair and maintenance of industrial and commercial facilities. Typical targets and clients would include:  Manufacturing and Process Industries including:  water utilities  power generation  power distribution  pulp and paper General Industry such as Oil Gas, Refining and Chemical Processing.  Local Authorities, Housing Associations  Hospitals  Schools/Universities The position will be territory based working from home, and will involve calling on specifiers, end users and contractors, creating and developing ongoing commercial relationships with contacts such as Chief Engineers, Works Managers, Production Directors, Operation Managers, Architects, Surveyors, Estates Managers, Health and Safety Officers, Environmental Engineers etc. Another key objective of the role will be to provide a full service to all potential customers including inspection and diagnosis of problems and the recommendation of the appropriate solution. This will include on site product application training and supervision for customers own maintenance teams. It will also include the onsite supervision of Contractors and customer contractor liaison. This is an exciting role for the right candidate : Company car provided Mobile phone and lap top Lucrative bonus structure Salary **** plus ****k commission per year