Title: Audio Visual/IT Account Manager (Education)
Webindex: 67896022
Company: AV Jobs
Description: The Opportunity As an Audio Visual and IT Account Manager you will work closely with existing clients across the South and South West (M4 & M40 Corridors), including Local Authorities, schools, colleges and universities, working in a consultative way to provide total integrated AV solutions this can range from entire new classroom systems and video conferencing solutions to replacement projectors, interactive whiteboards, voting systems, digital signage, plasma screens and consumables. With a strong client base already in existence, this is an excellent opportunity to maximise current sales opportunities and further develop the territory. As the company continues to follow its business plan of sustainable growth there will be opportunities for career advancement. In the short term, there are excellent opportunities to earn high levels of commission. You will be based from home, reporting into the companies head office in the South of England, and will be selling in the field for the majority of your time. Your Skills, Qualities and Achievements You will be a proven business to business/government sales professional, with excellent selling skills to senior manager level in the education sector. Experience of selling IT and AV to the education sector is essential, particularly whole classroom packages, touchscreens, interactive whiteboards, digital signage, voting systems, video conferencing and/or IT solutions for the classroom. Must be an accomplished account manager and business developer, with a demonstrable track record of success. Must be ambitious with a desire to succeed in an account management role and progress your career with a dynamic organisation. The Organisation AwardWinning, Independent Audio Visual solutions provider. Nationally established for over 20 years with a strong presence in the Education & Corporate sectors. This company is well known by, and an approved supplier of, most education authorities and consortia in the UK. They provide a range of Audio Visual and Information Technology solutions for schools, colleges and universities, as well as private sector learning environments (company training facilities). Due to continued success and increases in revenue, there is now an urgent need for a dedicated account manager for their clients in the Midlands. The Recruiters AV Jobs are specialists in providing a first class recruitment service for professional sales and marketing people, engineers and programmers throughout the UK and EMEA. Our markets include Audio Visual, Technology, Telecoms and Office Equipment. We have an established reputation  with clients and candidates alike  for keeping things simple, straightforward and uncomplicated