Title: Sales Engineer  Process Engineering Division
Webindex: 65197920
Company: James Butler Recruitment 
Description: SALES ENGINEER VACANCY PROCESS ENGINEERING Our Client A UK Subsidiary of a large European Engineering Group, dedicated to thermal energy problems with high quality solutions across a wide range of industries. Vacancy Sales Engineer, covering an area from the Midlands to the South West of the UK. Reporting to the Managing Director, the successful candidate will be responsible for sales to end users, contractors and specifiers for the company s range of Industrial Boilers, Thermal Fluid Heaters, etc The customer base is broad and includes the food, chemical, metal, pharmaceutical and marine industries plus important Public Sector opportunities. Requirements A mechanical or chemical engineer with a proven track record in industrial sales within a steam, process or other thermal engineering related environment would be seen as idea. Candidates qualified to Graduate/HNC level with clear potential will also be considered. Knowledge of the area to be covered is preferred with the candidate ideally being located around the Birmingham to Oxford area. Must be able to work effectively without close supervision and must possess good organisational skills. Effective communication skills and the ability to prepare clear and precise reports is seen as essential. Salary Remuneration is in the form of a good basic salary plus commission and bonuses bringing expected earnings of between ****K  ****K and more. A quality car, contributory pension scheme and all necessary business communication devices are provided to ensure best use of resources. This is a tough, demanding and rewarding job with a high degree of autonomy, which will allow the successful candidate to develop within a large industrial group. If you are interested and would like to be considered for an interview, please email your upto date c.v in the first instance along with details of your salary requirements and any additional information you feel will be relevant to the role. If you are not interested but know of someone with a similar back ground who may suit this role, please pass on our details