Title: Part Time Call Centre  Evening
Webindex: 67638658
Company: HEADS Recruitment Limited
Description: Part Time Call Centre Agent Salary/Rate ****  ****/hour bonus Location Bradford, West Yorkshire Posted Agency/Employer HEADS Recruitment Limited Description Part Time Call Centre Agent Temporary to permanent Hours of work: Monday Friday (no weekend work is required) Working hours; 20 hours per week (5pm  9pm) Pay rate: **** per hour (when permanent)  uncapped commission The Client: Our client is one of the world s largest home shopping groups, with 20 brands and operations in 18 countries with around **** employees. The Bradford office is based in a very convenient location within walking distance from the town centre. There is also a free car park available for all employees. This is an excellent opportunity to join this well established business. We are currently looking for individuals who are interested in long term positions and who would like to establish their career within this global organisation. The contract is a temporary 12 weeks assignment with a view for a permanent contract after initial 12 weeks period. The Role (duties): You will be a part of a well established dynamic team. The role will involve working in an outbound call centre speaking to existing customers. You will be speaking to current clients offering them customers discounts, taking orders and arranging call backs. This is a sales position and the role also involve selling add ons and value savers. You will be responsible for handling all calls in a professional manner and managing details on the in house data base on a daily basis. It is an interesting sales position and it is not a cold calling role. The Candidate: Attributes we are looking for: We are looking for sales driven individuals with a passion for excellent customer service who would like to establish their career in a professional organisation. Customer service/call centre experience is desirable and would be a distinct advantage. Excellent telephone manner and strong customer service skills are essential to succeed in this role. Our client provides all new starters with professional inhouse training however selected individuals have to possess the skills required