Title: Product Manager  Foodservice Equipment
Webindex: 68061597
Company: Ashford Knight Ltd
Description: Product Manager  Foodservice Equipment Location: London The Role: A Product Manager is required for a market leading provider of branded and own label foodservice tableware and serving equipment. This company supply their wide range of products through various channels including retailers, consumers and wholesalers throughout the UK and internationally. They are now looking to recruit a Product Manager with a strong knowledge of the foodservice market. Responsibilities  To build upon and drive the company's already established food service business in the UK and EMEA region.  Identify range gaps and develop NPD briefs.  Devise and deliver pricing policies and promotional opportunities  Provide sales support to the Foodservice Division throughout EMEA.  Conduct Competitor and Market Analysis.  Plan and implement marketing campaigns.  Target potential customers within the hotel, restaurant and catering trade.  Establish strong links with distributors.  Provide new product information/brochures.  Provide merchandising solutions for existing and new core ranges.  Set up appropriate media contacts and develop ongoing PR and advertising campaigns, developing relationships with key editors.  Plan and oversee attendance at relevant trade regional shows / support distributors. Our Client: Our client is a market leading provider of a wide range of branded and own label tableware. Due to recent restructure and ambitious growth plans they are now looking to appoint a specialist Foodservice Product Manager to help drive the business forward. Excellent career development opportunities are available for successful people within the company. Essential Requirements:  Recent experience in a Brand Product Management position.  Strong marketing, product development and sales skills.  Indepth knowledge of the foodservice market.  A 'hands on' selfstarter.  Commercially minded.  Creative flair.  Analytical and show attention to detail.  Able to work in a fast paced, dynamic environment.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong interpersonal skills.  Excellent organisational skills.  Fully IT Literate.  Commutable to London. Package: Basic Salary: **** Benefits: Pension, Executive Benefits Please note that due to the large volume of applications received we are unable to discuss individual applications. If you have not heard from us within 7 days your application has been unsuccessful. Keep up to date with all our latest vacancies by following us on Facebook, Twitter or Linkedin. Check out our website at www.ashfordknight.co.uk for the links. Job Ref: ****b This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductManagerFoodserviceEquipment_job****