Title: Software Implementation Consultant  Post Sales
Webindex: 68063881
Company: Springboard Worldwide
Description: Established in 1989 our client provides software and services to UK Local Authorities and their chosen contractors. They are regarded as the largest specialist supplier in their field and now have over **** council based contracts and are increasingly active in the outsourced contractors sector. Due to company expansion in the UK they are looking for an experienced Post Sales Implementation Consultant to join their Surrey based team, supporting the implementation of solutions into both public and private sector organisations. Summary: The existing team consists of an implementation manager and **** consultants. As the 4th consultant your abilities will fall in to 4 categories Project and Customer Management  you must have a strong attention to detail and be able to manage customers and their expectations while delivering to time and budget. Technical Knowledge  You need to be able to get to grips with often very complex data issues. A good general knowledge of IT configuration of 'off the shelf' software packages is essential and any ability to manipulate databases a benefit. Indepth training will be provided in this area. Business Knowledge  you need to be able to understand the application and articulate customer requirements  a background in the local government sector would be useful but is not essential. Indepth training will be provided in this area. Personal Skills  you need to fit in to a hard working dynamic environment where a 'cando' attitude is really important. The ability to work as an individual and as a team member is an important aspect to the role, as is recognition of individual ownership of project related issues. You should be good at problem solving and demonstrate an ability to think 'out of the box'. Job Requirements To lead the implementation of solutions in to our key customers. The ability to lead implementation projects from the front and on the ground, running workshops and training sessions as well as managing the projects. The ability to develop progress project plans, together with experience of using a project management software package is essential. Experience in the configuration of packaged software and implementation of software related projects is essential. The ability to grasp complex concepts in the projects and interpret them to the implementation teams internally and with the customer. The ability to interface positively with customers and assist in presalessupport as well as delivery. The ability to negotiate and prioritise on customer requirements for best outcomes for all parties. The ability to identify further sales and revenue opportunities within the customer base as an integral part of the implementation process. The company is based in Surrey but the position could be home based provided the person can come to the office when necessary. The role will require significant UK travel. The company is offering a base salary of ****K plus car allowance and bonus. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareImplementationConsultantPostSales_job****