Title: Field Sales Manager, British Gas
Webindex: 68687260
Company: British Gas
Description: Field Sales Manager, British Gas  Overview: British Gas Business (BGB) is responsible for energy sales and service to some of the best known businesses in Britain. These customers are extremely knowledgeable, and demand the best from us, growing the value of these relationships is key to improving the success of our business. Base Salary: Up to **** (depending on experience), uncapped commission  Company Car  Benefits. Location: Field based with regular travel to the Oxford office. Purpose: To grow, develop and maintain our business portfolio of corporate customers. Field Sales Manager, British Gas  The Role: Drive sales across your territory for both gas and electricity supply. Your target market will be companies who operate across multiple locations and have a low threshold of usage as there are **** further teams targeting larger volume customers who you will need to liaise with and refer customers accordingly. Provide regular plans of your activity; you will be targeted against set acquisition targets for your region. Field Sales Manager, British Gas  The Person: Good level of knowledge across the Utilities industry required. A proven sales track record; you will need demonstrate your sales and planning skills in this role to drive your own maximum performance. Understand the commercial impacts of the opportunities available and prioritise accordingly. Ability to create and grow relationships. The ability to generate own leads is paramount, pipelines will be provided but the candidate will be expected to generate own leads in addition. Proven track record of managing and developing your own pipeline. A determination and drive to succeed. Good analytical and a solid range of IT skills. Field Sales Manager, British Gas  The Company: This is an exciting time to join the British Gas Business Sales Organisation as the business strives to meet its transformation programme. The Sales organisation serves the Multi site segment of BGB and is currently transitioning the teams to ensure we have one sales organisation aligned to the integrated sales structure. PLEASE APPLY ONLINE by hitting the ‘Apply’ button. Please upload your cover letter and CV as one document. Applications will ONLY be accepted via the 'Apply' button To request an update on this role,or if you have any problems uploading your CV please email Sophie.colecentrica.com typing 'Update Required:Field Sales Manager, British Gas (BG****) in the subject title. This role is being handled by the Centrica recruitment team and NO agency contact is required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesManagerBritishGas_job****