Title: Inventory Management Executive
Webindex: 71171313
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Inventory Management Executive ****  Bonus Our client, a leading radio network, is looking to recruit an Inventory Management Executive to join their London team. As Inventory Management Executive, you will be responsible for managing the short term price and inventory across our clients portfolio of radio stations. You will liasie with the national, regional and local sales team as well as the scheduling team. You will be target driven maximising the onair revenue by assisting short term management of price and inventory used across the radio network. You will have a meticulous style of working, you will produce and analyse price and inventory data for a given set of radio stations utilising inhouse reporting systems and microsoft excel. You will have excellent communication skills securing relationships liaising with all sales teams and scheduling to manage inventory across the clients most demanding stations. You will also deliver information and objectives in a timely and presentable manner to sales teams and the commercial operations management team and communicate availability issues to sales teams and manage station restrictions. You will work with the national sales team to check availability of campaigns across a number of stations.Your efficient attitude will enable you to stay on top of all tasks. This is an exciting opportunity to part of a fast paced media organisation. If you have the skills, apply now Key Responsibilities of the Inventory Management Executive include: . Produce and analyse price and inventory data for a given set of radio stations utilising inhouse reporting systems and Microsoft Excel. . Communicate information and objectives in a timely and presentable manner to Local Sales teams and the Commercial Operations Management team. . Liaise with all Sales Teams and Scheduling to manage inventory across our most demanded stations taking a group wide perspective, not an individual sales team focus. . Communicate availability issues to all Sales Teams and manage any station restrictions. . Work with the National Sales teams to check availability of campaigns across a number of stations. Qualities we're looking for in the Inventory Management Executive include: . Excellent negotiation, presentation and organisational skills . Strong communication skills, both written and verbal . Good knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . A confident telephone and facetoface manner . A selfmotivated, creative and enthusiastic individual . Ability to work underpresure and on tight deadlines . Strong team player with a good work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/InventoryManagementExecutive_job****