Title: Recruitment Account Manager  Digital Media
Webindex: 69734389
Company: Modern Business Solutions
Description: Recruitment Account Manager  Digital Media ****k basic  ****k OTE  excellent uncapped bonus scheme London Our client is a division of one of the UK s leading Job Boards and due to significant growth they are searching for an experienced Recruitment Account Manager to join their winning team based in Central London. Your role as an Account Manager will give you exposure to maintaining and growing an existing territory presenting digital recruitment advertising solutions to existing clients through a combination of telephone calls, emails and where appropriate face to face meetings. You will take full responsibility for managing a portfolio of accounts, maintaining and expanding relationships with clients and converting incoming new business enquiries into solid long term client relationships. Your targets will be based on a combination of renewals and maximising the spend of your existing client base. New Business generation, when required is likely to make up a maximum of 30% of your role. The ideal candidate for this role will be highly ambitious, upbeat, enthusiastic and eager to learn and to work hard to achieve results. Ideally, you will be educated to degree level however relevant industry experience is preferred. You should have solid Recruitment Industry experience with a proven track record of success within a Recruitment Consultant, Job Board or Recruitment Advertising role. As this role is sector specific you will also be the type of candidate that enjoys keeping up to date with industry news and information  enabling you to communicate effectively and confidently with both prospective and current clients at all times. This is an amazing opportunity for the successful candidate to work within a highly successful team, part of a Major UK PLC with exciting growth plans for the future. If you feel you have the experience we are looking for  please apply with your CV today.