Title: Sales / Promotions / Customer Service: WE WILL COACH YOU
Webindex: 71813327
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Sales / Customer Service / Promotions Representatives in Glasgow This Glasgow based market leader in direct sales and marketing, with several other locations in the UK, needs people to join their lively sales, customer service and promotions teams now. Experience is NOT essential as full ongoing product coaching is provided. Location: Glasgow ****  **** per week average earnings (uncapped) FULL TIME OPENINGS ONLY Ideal sales, customer service and promotions candidates should be: ? Articulate ? Well presented ? Self motivated ? Hard working Sales, customer service and promotions applicants are offered: ? Immediate start ? Fast track progression ? Fun and lively environment ? Travel opportunities ? Uncapped earnings Please click to apply for one of these openings in sales, customer service and promotions If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. The opening is varied, and does involve an element of facetoface sales with the general public across a variety of locations and media including at their own homes. As such, impeccable customer service levels are needed at all times. Please note that this is a selfemployed opportunity that does not have a basic salary, which allows for completely uncapped earnings on a 100% performance related basis. Pure Online Recruitment is a flat fee online recruitment company that actively recruit for the following roles: Sales Executives, Marketing Representatives, Sales Trainees, Marketing Executives, Sales Representatives, Marketing Trainees, New Business Sales Executives, Graduate Openings, Account Managers, Graduate Training, Promotions, PR, Customer Service, Telesales, Travel, Tourism, Advertising, Retail, Entry Level, Graduate, Call Centre and Telemarketing in Glasgow. Ref JAS****C