Title: Norwegian Speaking Market Researcher
Webindex: 62114473
Company: Language Recruitment Services.
Description: Norwegian Speaking Market Researcher London Excellent Hourly Rates LRS (Language Recruitment Services) are currently recruiting Norwegian Speakers for a variety of market research clients in London. The Norwegian Speaking Market Researcher role involves making outbound calls in a B2B or B2C environment to establish consumer behaviour trends. You will use scripts to conduct indepth telephone interviews, to obtain key information from a variety of customers, using openended interviewing techniques to obtain reasons for choosing specific products or services. You may also need to translate interview results into English for analysis. Experience is not essential for all positions as some clients are happy to train. If you are available immediately and speak Norwegian to native level and looking for a position where you can use your excellent communication and languages skills, then please send you CV in word today for an immediate start Norwegian Speaking Market Researcher, Norwegian Speaking Market Researcher, Norwegian Speaking Market Researcher, Norwegian Speaking Market Researcher Please send your CV in word format to the email address quoted, other formats will not be accepted Thank you for applying to Language Recruitment Services, the Specialists in Language Recruitment. Applications can only be accepted from individuals who are eligible to work in the UK Please bear in mind that you may not hear from us immediately. Should your skills and qualifications be suitable for the position applied for (or similar positions), we will contact you as soon as possible. In the event there are no positions currently available that match your skills and qualifications, we may hold your details on our database and contact you in the future should a suitable vacancy arise. LRS is an Equal Opportunities Employer norwegian speaking researchers: norwegian speaking researchers: