Title: Internal Sales Executive IT Solutions  West Midlands
Webindex: 66886510
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: Internal Sales Executive  IT Solutions  West Midlands Ref: **** Location: West Midlands THE ROLE: An exciting Internal Sales role has arisen with one of the UK s leading providers of storage solutions, backup and recovery, disaster recovery, infrastructure security and project services. They require a candidate to join the expanding team and develop new business for them through effective marketing and targeting of new clients. One will be responsible for developing relationships with the IT Managers and Directors, fact find about the business gaining a thorough understanding of their current system, areas for development and sell the business, their services and their technical expertise. One will also be responsible for providing a high level of sales and service to existing accounts, establishing any requirements and selling over the phone. Based from the Birmingham office, you will work towards sales targets, reporting to the Sales Manager. Fastpaced, progressive and target driven environment. You will be joining a lively, professional and sociable sales team who thrive on a challenge. THE COMPANY: Highly successful Birmingham based IT solutions company. Strong reputation in the marketplace, offering exceptional training, ongoing development and career prospects for successful individuals. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Based in the West Midlands. A minimum of 2 years of experience in selling hardware, infrastructure / network solutions, storage, virtualization, disaster recovery, business continuity, outsourced solutions or related software (i.e. VMware). Experience in selling to endusers. Excellent communication skills  both written and verbal. Must have a car Enjoys getting on the phone. Highly tenacious and proactive. Work well under pressure. Target driven and money motivated individuals. Good sales portfolio background is wanted and has proven record that targets have been achieved in the past. THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: Circa ******** basic (dependent upon experience) Commission: double anticipated 1st year OTE Uncapped Benefits: 25 days paid holidays, pension, private healthcare, income protection and death in service. Please email your CV We thank all applicants who respond, but please be advised that only those short listed for interview will be contacted. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career