Title: New Business Sales Executive – IT Services –South East – ESP ****
Webindex: 68784775
Company: Enterprise Sales Personnel
Description: Industry leading, highlyprestigious IT Solutions Company have a requirement for a Business Development Executive to manage key customers across the South East. The organisation is one of the fastestgrowing companies in the industry and provide bestofbreed solutions around IT infrastructure. You will be selling IT Services such as maintenance, professional and outsourced services, into local authorities. There is industryleading support in terms internal sales and service delivery which will allow you to focus on the needs of the customer. Ideally you will have worked as a Business Development Manager selling a full range of infrastructure IT products and related services. You will be very delivery and customer focussed and has an intelligent, consultative approach in dealing with very senior people within local authorities. You must have experience of successfully selling six and sevenfigure deal sizes. Due to the sheer size and nature of this organisation there is massive opportunity to earn significantly and to progress your career in a truly global IT provider. Three major attributes that you must have to apply include: New Business sales experience Experience within the public sector Career focused, motivated individual Exceeded targets for **** of the past 4 years. Please only apply for this role if you have the minimum experience required in the specific field advertised as without this we unfortunately will be unable to consider your application About Enterprise Sales Personnel Enterprise Sales Personnel is a niche recruitment business operating in the UK marketplace. We recruit for a wide range of bluechip smaller high profile companies whose business is in providing Professional Services, Management Consultancy, Systems Integration and IT Hardware Software. We will treat you with courtesy and dignity and totally respect your need for confidentiality and our Consultants will take time to properly understand your aspirations and your skills Keywords: New Business, Microsoft, Business Intelligence, Account Manager, Business Manager, Technology, IT, Infrastructure, Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Manager, BDM, BDC, Business Development Consultant, IT, Complex Solutions, Solution Sales, Software Sales, Enterprise Sales, Security, Encryption, Unified Communications, Cisco, Vmware, Virtualisation, Managed Services, Annuity Schemes, Maintenance Services, Microsoft, Cisco, Private Sector. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/NewBusinessSalesExecutiveITServicesSouthEastESP****_job****