Title: Deputy Sales Manager
Webindex: 67332209
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Deputy Sales Manager  Publish ****  Comm Our client, a leading global business media owner, is looking to recruit a Deputy Sales Manager to join their UK team. They are one of the biggest B2B media owners in the industry and have a reputation for great titles, brilliant staff and as a market leader, which precedes them. As Deputy Sales Manager, you will be responsible for working across the whole of the title's portfolio (print, online and events) alongside working closely with all departments, including editorial, production, marketers etc. One of your primary responsibilities will be to generate new revenue across the whole of the portfolio including advertising sponsorship and exhibition revenue from new and existing clients. As a confident, target driven and enthusiastic individual, you will motivate the sales team and maintain regular reports forecasting revenue. You will communicate with all departments and with your experience of the digital market will be knowledgeable about the industry and competitors. Key Responsibilities of the Deputy Sales Manager include: . Selling high value and needs based advertising sponsorship and exhibition packages to major industries . Identifying and developing business opportunities that will increase revenue . Generating new sales leads and developing relationships with new clients . Attending various exhibitions / conferences / events as required to maintain and build client contact and obtain new leads . Working closely with your team to ensure all revenue opportunities are explored and maximised Qualities we're looking for in the Deputy Sales Manager: . Previous significant experience selling B2B, print, online and exhibition packages with a proven track record . Previous management experience is advantageous, but not essential . Willingness to travel Internationally, (languages are a bonus, but not crucial) . Proven time management skills . Strong negotiation and presentation skills . Excellent communication skills . A proven ability to build relationships at senior levels You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/DeputySalesManager_job****