Title: Key Account Manager Agencies
Webindex: 68685934
Company: NU Creative Talent
Description: Key Account Manager | Agencies London ****k  15% bonus  excellent benefits We are proud to be recruiting for a worldleading publication, established in 1956, and renowned internationally as an essential source of news, developments and opportunities within its industry. With a global readership of almost 1 million, this title is a key contributor to the success of our client, part of a major international FTSE100 company with market leading positions in many sectors. They are now looking for an experienced and ambitious Key Account Manager to manage one of their key client bases, selling print and online solutions to advertising agencies across an exciting portfolio of products. The successful candidate will currently be in a facetoface sales role and have extensive experience of selling advertising for both print and digital media. As well as being an experienced sales professional, applicants should be ambitious, hardworking, professional, a team player and looking for their next challenge with a global brand. This is a clientfacing sales role and the right candidate will need to be able to demonstrate strong account management skills as well as a desire and hunger to win new business. Key Responsibilities:  Maximise client revenue from an agency patch consisting of London's most important West End agencies.  Consistently generate new business possibilities from these agencies.  Approach clients with tactical or special project selling propositions.  Develop coherent sales strategies to ensure all areas of the business, both display and inserts, are being maximised.  Support mechanism for day to day running of magazine when the Sales Manager is absent.  Consistently meet a minimum level of **** appointments a week at agency or client level. Skills Experience required:  Experience selling to West End agencies, ideally in current role  Experience of selling online and print advertising  Thorough knowledge of the various planning and buying points a magazine can have influence over  Strong relationships at all levels within the West end agency London scene.  An understanding of the consumer magazine marketplace.  Outstanding negotiation skills both over the phone and face to face.  A flair for creative solutions selling and problem solving.  Excellent account management skills  Strong negotiation skills  Proven presentation skills to individuals and groups  A positive 'can do' approach, a team player that can motivate through successes and lead by example.  Understanding of online propositions would be beneficial. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/KeyAccountManagerAgencies_job****