Title: Perms Recruitment Consultant
Webindex: 70252032
Company: Stratec Business Contracts Ltd
Description: Perms Recruitment Consultant Competitive basic salary  commission paid on all placements We are currently looking for an experienced Recruitment Consultant proven in making permanent placements. This position would be most suitable for sales focussed recruiters who are easily motivated and selfmanaged. Based in Uddingston, Lanarkshire  and with other offices in England, Holland Germany  we currently specialise in Scotland within the Sales Marketing, and Technical Engineering recruitment sectors. We are now looking for additional Recruitment Consultants to further expand our areas of recruitment sectors. This is an excellent opportunity for someone with full agency / permanent recruitment experience who is looking to join an agency environment a bit more relaxed and less demanding than most others. This position will entail you covering the full cycle of permanent recruitment, from sourcing clients and developing new business, through to the full servicing of your client’s vacancy requirements  therefore it requires someone very experienced in this position and who is selfmanaged and can work independently. You will have all the necessary tools and resources provided to you within the office  including unrivalled access to job vacancy advertising and also candidate CV database searching on all of the major recruitment job boards  so this position will only be limited by your own personal capabilities selfdrive. You will also get assistance from a resourcer colleague to assist you in finding suitable candidates for your vacancies. You must be able to demonstrate extensive success in recruitment sales and maintaining long term client relationships, whilst also having a proven track record of making permanent placements and servicing your client requirements to a very high standard. The starting basic salary for this role is negotiable and dependent on your experience and what revenue target you will have with us – targets that are extremely reasonable in comparison to rival agency targets. We also pay a high % of commission on all permanent placements that you make, with no thresholds in place of what you must first achieve in order to get paid any additional bonus. Modelled on our offices in mainland Europe, we have one of the most relaxed working environments within the Scottish recruitment sector and therefore we require experienced recruiters who are selfmotivated and hungry to make money. If you meet our outlined specification and would like to apply, please do so in strict confidence through the link provided. Alternatively, you can send your CV to brianstratecbusiness.co.uk . A well written detailed CV, along with a covering note stating your billing achievements and the sector of experience you would look to cover with us, will add significant weight to your application. Please note that due to time restrictions and the very specific client requirements for this role, only the most suitable of applicants will be contacted for this position. Candidates selected will also be subject to reference and dates of employment confirmation check from the very start of the process. Stratec is and operates as a recruitment agency in providing permanent jobseeking services, and as a recruitment business in providing temporary and contract jobseeking services. We primarily specialise in providing Sales Recruitment services for all businesscritical Internal (Telesales) External (Field Sales) sales positions across the UK. We source candidates with a proven track record of sales achievement, and work with clients that can deliver on candidate expectations. We are also proven and experienced in providing a valuable recruitment service in other sectors such as: Technical Engineering, IT, and Commercial / Office Support. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PermsRecruitmentConsultant_job****