Title: Film & Game Sales Advisor
Webindex: 68697498
Company: First Class Concepts
Description: Film Game Sales Advisor  No Sales Experience Required [IMMEDIATE STARTS WELCOME] First Class Concepts is an outsourced sales customeracquisition company looking for **** Trainee Sales Advisors in Glasgow that have great sales or customer service skills and an interest in talking about the latest MOVIES, FILMS, and/or VIDEO GAMES Are you at least **** years old able to commute to GLASGOW CITY CENTRE? Are you excited about a NEW CHALLENGE looking for a FUN, ENERGETIC SALES ENVIRONMENT? We’ve recently acquired LOVEFiLM as a new client in the entertainment industry and they need our sales team's help to acquire more customers in the GLASGOW area. Therefore, we need to grow our sales force ASAP LOVEFiLM has become the LEADING EUROPEAN FILM SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, combining the benefits of DVD rental by post and, more recently, digital streaming. They want to further increase their market share, and we want to help them in Glasgow, so we target local residences facetoface to offer their service. We’re looking to work with selfmotivated, enthusiastic individuals with an interest in films games FILM GAME SALES ADVISOR REQUIREMENTS: Excellent customer service skills (no sales experience necessary) Must be over 18 (in order to signup new customers) Movie, Film Video Game knowledge is very helpful in the sales process Experience using an iPad is helpful to the sales process, but not required Full time availability is ideal because the more you put in, the more you get out Smart dress and a professional attitude are encouraged for quality sales Must be able to work independently and within a team environment We even offer producttraining workshops and ongoing guidance to ensure you are set up for individual sales success. A strong work ethic and desire to succeed are recommended because earnings growth opportunities are both based on sales results. Average earnings are **** per week, based entirely on your completed sales at the end of the financial week. Growth opportunities are available because our industry is growing rapidly and we need people to look after new markets, clients and sales teams. We have multiple trainee sales spots to fill, but we’ve already begun meeting with qualified individuals, so DON’T DELAY  SEND YOUR CV TODAY Simply send your CV through the online application process. Covering letters are not necessary as long as you are prepared to answer questions over the phone and in person. We aim to contact successful applicants within **** working days Since this opportunity is field based, not office based, we will be inviting a select group of applicants to spend a full, unearned day in the field observing our client representation techniques. This day is designed so both parties can make an educated mutual decision when you return to the office at the end of the day. Check us out on your favourite social media site for more information: Twitter: /1stclassconcept Facebook: /FirstClassConcepts This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FilmGameSalesAdvisor_job****