Title: International Advertising Sales Executive
Webindex: 71089824
Company: FORMULA WON
Description: A highly appealing opportunity to be part of one of the world s most exciting and effective b2b publishers. Providing their markets with up to date product and service news, you should be hungry to target and develop new business by taking advantage of a sector with a rapid growth curve and massive potential for career and earnings possibilities. You will be responsible for attending client meetings and conducting effective telesales selling print and online display advertising, together with sponsorship in tailored an events portfolio. You will be expected to recognise and develop cross platform opportunities across a much larger portfolio of products and including events and sponsorship. You will be selling to both existing clients and sourcing new business across the phone and facetoface including some international travel. Your profile 12 years b2b media sales and sponsorship experience, with a provable sales track record, ideally with experience of the legal sector. Strong communication skills both written and verbal as well as exceptional negotiation techniques and closing abilities with a demonstrable business development track record including facetoface sales presentations. A honed commercial understanding and acumen and recognition of crossselling opportunities over a range of products and solutions. Exceptional administration and organisational skills and ability to produce results in pressure situations. This is an exciting role offering room to grow for an ambitious and successful candidate in a fast growing market and presents a unique opportunity to increase revenues considerably in a short space of time. Please do not apply unless you have the relevant experience. Due to the high volume of applications only successful applicants will be contacted and if you have not heard from us in two weeks of your application please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful. Formula Won is a progressive, proactive and dynamic media recruitment consultancy dedicated to the media industry. We lead the market for the best permanent media jobs within: media sales, new media sales, outdoor sales, exhibition sales, event sales, conference sales, broadcast sales, ambient sales, marketing, media agency and editorial jobs . We also have specialist divisions that cover International jobs and Search Selection. All of our consultants have considerable experience in media so you can be confident that they will have your best interests at heart when finding the perfect role for you.