Title: Digital Developer  Online
Webindex: 66935463
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Digital Developer  Online **** **** As Digital Developer, you will be efficient and a multitasker with an enthusiastic attitude. You will be responsible for a number of tasks including web development and online related activity. You will also be dealing with web design, administration and construction and will report to the Senior Manager. With a proactive attitude you will update content on a regular basis and support various stunts across the portfolio. You will have strong communication skills liaising effectively with clients and teams on all levels. With excellent technical knowledge with the ability to highlight potential opportunities for Worldwide channels to improve website activity. You will be strategically lead and focused, handling design and technical briefs and creating alluring banner advertisements for inclusion on consumer websites, adverts ranging from static graphics, animation to flash movies. You will have knowledge of the following: Dreamweaver, Illustrator, CSS, Photoshop and flash, as well as JavaScript, PHP and similar scripting languages. This is a great opportunity for a driven and passionate individual. If you have the skills and want to be part of an exciting and fast pace media company, apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Digital Developer include: . Creating/editing web pages, coding and design . Manage and update all content on a daily basis . Maintain and develop the Channels website reach . Support online strategy to drive and increase viewer numbers to clients websites . Create appealing banner advertisement for inclusion on consumer websites to promote various stunts that Marketing/PR would like to promote . Design, create and maintain micro sites to support various portfolio of sites . Liaising and working closely with other major internal departments in order to build and grow the business further . Developing and generating new business as a way to create new opportunities for the company . Attending weekly meetings and briefings to report on the progress of the business Qualities we're looking for in the Digital Developer include: . A proven track record within a similar media online role . Good Knowledge of Dreamweaver, illustrator, CSS . Excellent knowledge of HTML, Photoshop and Flash . Experience of JavaScript, PHP and similar scripting languages . Analytic and strategic mindset . Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal . A solid ability to work at all levels, . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focussed . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/DigitalDeveloperOnline_job****