Title: Account Manager  Digtal
Webindex: 71170758
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Account Manager  Digtal ****  Comm Our client, a leading advertising exchange with a developing dynamic targeting solution is looking to recruit an Account Manager to join their London team. As Account Manager you will be target orientated and enthusiastic, achieving results and driving revenue. You will have strong contacts within the digital agency sector across all agencies and at various levels. You will have network experience and an understanding of how performance display is delivered and managed. You will have strong communication skills and passion with the motivation to succeed and be part of a team of experienced digital lead people who are ambitious and innovative. You will report to the VP of advertsing and ensure our client is exposed to the marketplace becoming a consistant addition to planning/buying schedules. To scales agency spend and to be a saviour of online performance display, delivering a consultative sales approach to cient. You will be knowledgeable about the industry and its competitors and will focus on new business, attending meetings and providing reports. If you want the opportunity to be part of an exciting media organisation offering great benefits and believe you could be the next rising star within the media industry, apply immediately. Key Responsibilities of the Account Manager include: . Manage allocated agency patch, with a specific objective of educating planner/buyers on the merits of using exchanges, exchange and booking campaigns. . Building strong agency relationships . Meeting and exceeding financial and performance targets. . Working to the overall sales strategy on a personal and team level. . Ability to manage own customer base with maximum return. . To deal with complaints/queries promptly, efficiently, courteously and seek assistance from GM when necessary. . Attend weekly sales meetings with team. . Work closely and manage junior members of the Sales Team in a fast expanding business . Maintain a thorough understanding of our clients marketplace  its position within its market and its strengths and weaknesses and share this with your team. . Monitor and canvas potential advertisers from competitive media and from leads supplied. Qualities we're looking for in the Account Manager include: . Previous digital ad sales experience . Knowledge of Network sales . Knowledge of performance models . Solidi agency contacts . Strong understanding of the sales process with proven experience of uncovering and comprehending the needs of customers and establishing value . Strong sales experience either at senior or executive level some field sales and/or area sales manager level . Strong confidence to sell present and negotiate at all levels . Excellent telephone and facetoface sales skills . Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal . Slaes training ideally DIPADA/AIDA . Solid ability to work at all levels . Strong presentation and organisation skills . Excellent knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint/Outlook . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/AccountManagerDigtal_job****