Title: Recruitment Consultant  Education  ITN Mark Education
Webindex: 68079702
Company: ITN Mark Education
Description: Company With over 15 years' experience ITN Mark Education, the leading education recruitment specialist, works in partnership with schools and academies throughout the UK to support the recruitment process for daytoday, shortterm and longterm cover, and permanent contracts. Operating through a network of **** UK offices as well as an international presence, our specialist disciplines include Head Teachers, Classroom Teachers, Support and Special Education Needs (SEN) Staff. Role ITN Mark Education would like to welcome a recruitment consultant to join our successful team based in Derby. This is a varied and interesting role incorporating establishing and building relationships with schools; as well as sourcing and placing teachers. It requires a determined approach to business development along with being committed to outstanding service levels for existing client schools and candidates. It is a varied and interesting role incorporating sourcing and interviewing teachers and visiting schools. Duties and responsibilities:  Carry out sales calls and client visits  Research potential school clients and contact by variety of means to establish needs and arrange appointments for visits  Negotiation of fees and placement details with clients and candidates  Write, produce and monitor adverts and eshots to generate teacher applications  Interview teachers face to face effectively and establish key strengths  Deliver end to end recruitment service to both client and candidate, exceeding expectations  Conduct regular formalised reviews with key clients, taking action upon feedback, offering innovative solutions, and constantly seeking to improve our service  Ensure compliance adherence at all times  Deliver professional, timely and effective recruitment service to clients and teachers Person The type of person we are looking for will be a true professional with a structured approach who is motivated by success and recognition. You must be confident in communicating with others, either on the phone or in person, as this is a vital part of the role. You will ideally have:  Recruitment or Business development experience  Proven track record  Self motivated  Outstanding sales skills  The ability to build solid relationships  Be able to effectively sell and market yourself and your candidates  Excellent communication skills  A highly organised approach  A desire to make a difference Reward This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the most successful education recruitment consultancies in the UK. In return to your hard work, various career paths are offered, as ITN Mark takes the pride in investing in our staff's career development. Benefits of working through ITN Mark Education:  Competitive salary  individualised and Uncapped commission structure  Ongoing professional development  25 days holiday Shift patterns during term time, reduced hours during holidays  Eligible to participate in incentive schemes  Private healthcare scheme If you feel you have the right skills to succeed in our friendly and social environment, please send your CV along with a covering letter outlining your skills to mian.shuttleworthitnmark.com, or phone Mian Shuttleworth on **** for an informal and confidential chat. ITN Mark Education is an Equal Opportunities Employer. ITN Mark Education is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantEducationITNMarkEducation_job****