Title: Graduate Sales Executive / Trainee Sales Consultant
Webindex: 71624566
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: We have a fantastic opportunity for a tenacious and self motivated individual to join an established and successful growing business in Reading. They are currently seeking a Graduate Sales Executive / Trainee Sales Consultant / Business Development Associate to join their training programme on a full time, permanent basis.Salary offered:**** basic p.a. (OTE 1st year ****k uncapped)Hours: Monday toFriday 9.00am  5.30pmBenefits: Vehicle allowance,laptop computer, smart phone, stakeholder pension plan and companydiscount structure.Essential Requirements:A full UK driving licenseFull eligibility to work within the UKAn ability to assimilate technical information easilyGood verbal and written communication skillsGraduate Sales Executive / Trainee Sales Consultant / Business Development AssociatesJob Purpose:To carry out the sales activities of the business, identify and developing new business accounts and develop existing customer accounts. You will be responsible for selling Total Document Solutions, including printing systems, multifunction printerscannercopiers, document management software and workflow solutions. Key Responsibilities Accountabilities:Plan and prioritise personal sales activities and sales territorySet appointments, attend meetings, present sales propositions, negotiate and close salesGenerate and maintain a solid sales pipeline Achieve monthly sales targetsAcquire, maintain and develop new customers Ensure prospects receive marketing mailers; and integrate personal sales efforts withorganized marketing activities e.g. mailings, showcase events, software workshops.Use CRM to company guidelines, updating and cleansing relevant informationProduce sales reports required Updates job knowledge and attends training to develop techniques and skills Our client is a leading independent Document Solutions Technology Provider. Based in Reading,Berkshire, they have built an enviable reputation and due to continued growth, they need to expand the sales operation. In partnership with Ricoh Group a ****bn company and 8th largest IT enterprise in the world, their graduate sales training programme provides an excellent opportunity to develop your career in technology sales, with fast track development for quick learners.Essential Requirements:A full UK driving licenseFull eligibility to work within the UKAn ability to assimilate technical information easilyGood verbal and written communication skillsYou must be extremely driven by success, motivated by money and recognition.No experience is necessary however some work experience in a customer orientated role is desirable. You will be confident in Microsoft Office, Internet and email, and have a genuine interest in IT. This is a wonderful opportunity to join a growing company that invests in their employees and offers a long term career. If you feel that you have what it takes to exceed our clients expectations, please apply with your CV with a cover letter outlining your salary expectations and notice period. Successful candidates will be contacted within 7 days of their application. Thank you for your interest. Graduate Sales Executive / Trainee Sales Consultant / Business Development Associates