Title: Telesales / Telemarketing / Software Sales  Accounts Software
Webindex: 72239178
Company: Ambis Resourcing Partnership
Description: Telesales / Telemarketing / Software Sales for Web based Accounting Software  would you like to work for an ingenious company with an accounting software product that is sold across the globe, a company that have turned accounting software into a fun product to use, that is interactive, user friendly and phenomenally easy to buy and run? They have a product that their customers love using; they have sold more than **** of their accounting software packages globally and they are growing rapidly. This is a great company to work for Based in Milton Keynes, they are offering a salary up to ****k with a ****k bonus on top and company benefits (including share options)  they hire the best, brightest candidates they can find and take time to develop your career in the direction that you want to go. The product is hosted on 'the cloud' and web based and clients get a free trial. That's where you come in. You will be speaking to companies who have had the opportunity to try the products for free and using your consultative sales skills you will convert these into firm sales. What they want:  Bright,enthusiastic, ambitious, inspired, fun people with a natural sales bent  Knowledge of accounting software products (Dynamics NAV, Dynamics GP, Sage, Mamut, MYOB, NetSuite, Pegasus Opera, Access Accounts, Coda, SAP, Exchequer, QuickBooks, or anything similar)  Experienced in inbound and outbound sales on the phone and answering inbound email enquiries  Interested in web based software (SaaS / Cloud software) and the latest technology  Able to quickly build rapport and strong relationships with clients  Passionate about keeping the customer happy and closing deals As part of their buzzing sales team, you will spend the majority of your time selling on the telephone, answering inbound email enquiries and will learn to demonstrate the accounting software applications remotely using WebEx. This is an ideal opportunity for a bright, confident Telesales or Software Sales Executive, with knowledge of accounting software ( or an accounts background) to fast track their career with an amazingly successful and entrepreneurial company. You will get a great deal of management support and guidance, as well as benefiting from external sales training, and success in this role will bring greater earnings and career progression in a company with a track record of identifying and nurturing talent. If you fit the bill please get in touch with Jake or Carolyn at Ambis or drop your CV across to us as soon as possible. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelesalesTelemarketingSoftwareSalesAccountsSoftware_job****