Title: Telecommunications Technical PreSales Consultant
Webindex: 71552494
Company: Benchmark Recruit
Description: This London based client are currently looking to recruit a Telecommunications Technical Consultant to join their professional company. Duties within the role: You will be able to work directly with customers and take full responsibility for requirements gathering, project scoping, PQQ/RFI documentation, pricing and interfacing with the development team. The role includes travel around the UK and Europe. Essential duties include: Supporting the Account Managers Attending client meetings with them Demonstrating products to other clients Targeting New Business opportunities The successful candidate: Will have preferably worked as part of a PreSales team which has sold complex IT systems and/or products. The candidate will have broad experience through Telco systems such as billing, Device Management and Ordering. Have experience with software logic tiers and understating of applications API Sets. Technical Experience of Telco Systems such as billing, device management and ordering solutions. Experience of successfully working in an IT sales environment, selling software Products, systems integration or managed service solutions: Recommending project enhancements Creating proposition proposals High Level customer analysis / audits Customer requirement gathering High level customer designs (proposition proposals) Presentations / demonstrations Complex pricing / business models Able to have ideas on product enhancements for our solution and have the ability to shape a deal. Ability to work as part of a team, our client's PreSales department works as a very agile team, and share workload and a target, and it's very important that they have a team spirit. Presales level knowledge of technology covering any of the following would be ideal: System Integration Hosted Platforms Realtime data manipulation Benchmark is a leading Sheffield based independent recruitment consultancy, specialising in Sales & Marketing, IT & Technical, Creative & Digital, Office, Legal & Financial Recruitment. With flexible solutions covering both the permanent and temporary recruitment sector, Benchmark actively recruits positions from Graduate trainee, entry level roles through to senior management positions. As a local company with a national reach, Benchmark delivers first class recruitment solutions for the regions leading employers. Successfully completed assignments include roles such as: Field Sales, Account Managers, Sales Executives, Telesales, Digital Account Managers, Marketing Managers, PHP Development, Software Engineering, Java Development, Web Design, IT Support, Office Managers, Secretaries, Accounts Assistants, Financial Controllers. Paralegals, Solicitors, Patent Attorneys to name a few. To find out more about us and to view all the latest vacancies, please visit Benchmark http://www.benchmarkrecruit.co.uk/