Title: Business Development Manager  Vehicle Rental Contract Sales
Webindex: 67638923
Company: Glen Callum Associates Ltd
Description: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER Vehicle Rental Contract Sales A Business Development Manager, covering Southern England, is required to join the field sales team for a leading automotive consultancy dealing with major motor manufacturers and dealer groups. Ideal Base Bristol, Swindon, Reading, Oxford, Southampton, Kent OTE ****k, Basic ****k  Bonus,  Company Car  Laptop  Phone Our client is a successful automotive consultancy providing the rental programme for a leading vehicle manufacturer. This is an exciting field sales opportunity for an experienced Business Development Manager to join a globally recognised company. You will be tasked with selling the rental programme; actively identifying new business opportunities, with the aim of successfully procuring new clients. The Role Main Responsibilities Establish, maintain and develop profitable business relationships through targeted client visits. Maintain clear communication with managers and customers to coordinate sales and marketing activities, and liaise with internal departments to ensure accuracy in contracts. Keep uptodate on company products and services, in order to create, review and distribute relevant product documentation. Self generate business leads through innovative market research, telemarketing initiative and working closely with the clients network of suppliers. Analyse client databases to compose budgets and reports, in order to maximise and exploit sales opportunities. Share best practice in sales as well as monitoring and measuring dealer performance levels, support the growth of their local and retail revenue streams, as well as identifying any national opportunities. The Candidate Key Skills Reporting directly to the Head of Sales and Development, the ideal candidate will possess: A proven background selling to OEM s / Large corporate organisations. Proven sales experience in the automotive industry, and in dealerbased rental products. Strong natural sales ability, highly motivated to overachieving against set targets. A strong knowledge of the automotive aftermarket in the UK, covering diverse geographical locations. A flexible and intelligent approach to journey planning, prioritisation and time management. The ability to solve problems and build rapport, ensuring that outstanding customer service is delivered at all times. High level of PC literacy i.e. Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Microsoft Outlook is desirable. A team player whilst also having the ability to work using initiative and autonomy. Summary This is an exceptional opportunity to work within an internationally successful automotive consultancy, with an excellent presence in the UK, Europe and Asia. Should you wish to be considered for the role of Business Development Manager, please apply via CV to Kayleigh Bradley, Glen Callum Associates Ltd. REF **** Glen Callum Associates are leading automotive and industrial recruitment specialists for sales, operational and marketing positions. We have an impressive client base of market leading manufacturers and distributors and are dedicated in providing candidates with advice, support and assistance in their recruitment search. Our consultants have valuable senior sales, marketing and operational experience within organisations within the automotive and industrial industry, allowing us to share an empathy with both client and candidate alike