Title: Business Development Executive/Account Manager
Webindex: 66600205
Company: Benchmark Recruit
Description: Business Development Executive/Account Manager Sheffield ****k Base, High OTE  Benefits Our Sheffield based client is experiencing continued regional growth and now has another exciting opening for a Business Development Sales Executive/Account Manager. As a Business Development Sales Executive/Account Manager your role will require a mixture of both new business development and account management. You will initially generate and build your own client base by proactively sourcing new business with the role moving more towards account management as your client portfolio grows. Whilst initially an internal role, once sufficient accounts have been won the role will develop into a more field based position where you will spend your time visiting and maintaining existing clients. Contact Benchmark Recruit for further information. The Successful Candidate will have a proven track record of developing new business as well as managing accounts and hitting sales targets. A passion for new business and sales is essential as well as a can do attitude. You will be a driven and motivated individual with a desire to succeed and exceed set targets in a growth sector where opportunities for career advancement are available. The successful candidate will be rewarded with base salary of **** with a generous OT and company car. Benchmark Recruit is a leading Sheffield based independent recruitment consultancy, specialising in Sales & Marketing, IT & Technical, Management & HR, Creative & Digital, Office, Legal & Financial Recruitment. With flexible solutions covering both the permanent and temporary recruitment sector, Benchmark actively recruits positions from Graduate trainee, entry level roles through to senior management positions. As a local company with a national reach, Benchmark delivers first class recruitment solutions for many of the regions leading employers. Recent assignments that have been successfully completed include: Technical Support, PHP Development, Software Engineering, Java Development, Web Design, Account Management, Sales Executives, Telesales, Financial Controller and numerous HR related positions. To find out more about us and to view all the latest vacancies, please visit Benchmark Recruit (url removed)