Title: Claims Agent
Webindex: 68787070
Company: Randstad Business Support
Description: Job title: PPI Claims Agent Location: Manchester Sector: Finance Salary: ?**** plus UNCAPPED COMMISSION and fantastic company perks and benefits Our client, a leading provider of PPI Claims Solutions is looking to recruit PPI Claims Agents for their ever expanding business. This is an exciting new opportunity with excellent career progression, stability and fantastic commission structure. In addition, you will benefit from an attractive role and benefits package. The client is offering an industry leading salary package and benefit opportunities to those with the talent, desire and skill to join their innovative and driven work environment. No previous PPI experience is required as they offer comprehensive training. Job Responsibilities: As an PPI Claims Agent you will be responsible for processing claims from start to finish which includes:  Having full control over each investigation  Calling potential customers  Sending out packs to customers  Processing application packs once returned Preferred Skills:  Experience of working in a telephone based sales environment  Must have the drive and determination to succeed in a sales situation and be prepared to work mainly on the phones.  Have the ability to work under pressure to meet deadlines  Be committed to providing excellent customer service  Be an excellent communicator in written and verbal formats  Able to build rapport and communicate complex solutions to clients Personal Attributes:  Have passion, dedication and enthusiasm  Be an excellent team worker  Excellent communication skills, displaying diplomacy, tact and confidentially.  Highly organised and able to prioritise tasks.  Displays a positive attitude and willingness to learn.  A highly resilient attitude, with the ability to perform under pressure Associated Benefits:  Fantastic company benefits and excellent perks To apply, or to find out more information, please click on one of the ?apply? buttons This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ClaimsAgent_job****