Title: Local and Group Sales Executive  Staybridge Suites
Webindex: 72477584
Company: Independently Owned & Operated Staybridge Suites
Description: Is January 2013 time for a change? Do you have the desire to be part of Londons most exciting development in 2012? Can you inspire and influence a winning team to be the best that they can be? Can you infuse the Staybridge Spirit to potential customers and win them over with your individuality and passion for the brand? If you love delivering Customer Service, are Passionate about working a team with Spirit and Personality and believe there is no second best when driving key profit in a hotel that breaks the mould of a traditional full service operation, then youre somebody we want in our Staybridge team. We are looking for an individual with confidence, a strong work ethic, dedication and a whatever it takes attitude to get the job done whilst maintaining the high standards of excellence for which Staybridge Suites is recognised around the world. As a new brand within the UK, Staybridge Suites offer guests a different experience from traditional hotels. The Sales Executives core purpose is to. Having a can do attitude. Our Staybridge Spirit is key to the success of this brand. The hotel will in turn reward you by exceeding profit and performance target by delivering consistently high standards – because they love what they do You will support the Director of Sales by maximising sales through effective analysis and selling techniques. As a member of the sales team you are the face of Staybridge when our guests arrive in person, or make a telephone enquiry. You will drive consistently high standards and create the right environment for our guests. To assist the Revenue Manager in analysing the market conditions, competitor reports and local trends to ensure the hotel reaches its maximum yield potential. To create a weekly, monthly and quarterly forecast for the hotel with the assistance of the Revenue Manager. To ensure that the hotels key focus will be to grow the extended stay mix within the hotel.