Title: Real Ale Business Development Manager
Webindex: 66887027
Company: R3
Description: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER CENTRAL LONDON ****K CAR QUARTERLY BONUSEXTENSIVE BENEFITS Due to recent significant growth and expansion, our client a leading Pub Brewery chain have a fantastic opportunity for an ambitious sales professional who is looking to further develop their career within a successful team. This is an ideal role for someone who can demonstrate a real passion for selling brands and has the ability to manage existing clients through ongoing service. The role will involve ongoing business development and identifying new opportunities to increase area distribution, volume and profit growth targets. The Position: To deliver annual sales volume and profit plan as agreed with Regional Sales Manager. To develop and implement an individual business plan for each customer that drives core ale growth and overall profitability. To manage and protect existing relationships and identify opportunities for new accounts. To maintain all capital, revenue and promotional spend within agreed levels, and effectively manage your area s business profit and loss. To have a full understanding of all company product specifications and to carry out regular quality checks in line with laid down criteria. Negotiate, formalise and constantly review all commercial arrangements with your customers to ensure that the required and agreed levels of commercial return, is being achieved at all times. To keep pace with a constantly changing marketplace and anticipate market trends, competitive threats and commercial opportunities within the area. You: Profit and Loss accountability Influential and excellent negotiator Knoweldge and experience with Real Ale Good skills in presentation Excellent communication Think outside the box Motivated and self driven Analytical thinker Commercially aware Strong numerical and financial Driving sales Adaptable Professional Dynamic Business focused IT literate Full driving license The Package: Market leading salary up to ****k Quarterly bonus Car Allowance Extensive benefits and ongoing training and development Call Jodie now on (Apply online only) or E mail your CV to jodie[at](url removed) Experts in Retail Recruitment. www.(url removed) R****  Think outside the cube Please note: R**** Retail appreciates the time and effort involved in searching for a new role and as a result Endeavour to respond to each application individually, however due to the large volume of responses this is not always possible. Should you have not had a response within 7 days of your application please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion, however please continue to review our website for new opportunities