Title: GRADUATE/TRAINEE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT  OUTSTANDING OPPORTUNITY
Webindex: 69600653
Company: Ask Associates
Description: Graduate Recruitment Consultant, Trainee Recruitment Consultant opportunity available for high profile, market leading company based in their Bristol City Centre office. Ask Associates are recruiting for a bright, ambitious, career minded graduates for exciting and lucrative Trainee Recruitment Consultant roles within a leading Technology recruitment consultancy. Our client is an established, award winning, high profile recruitment firm with office locations throughout the UK, Europe, Asia and America. Having built up an enviable profile within the industry for delivering high quality Mid to Senior level candidates to a variety of local, national and international companies across the Executive and IT sectors. The role Your core responsibility will be to develop and nurture client relationships with existing and prospective clients. You will proactively source new business through a variety of methods including telephone based sales, clients meetings and presentations. Networking with both client’s and candidates will also be a key feature of the role and will encompass attending networking events as well as utilising social networking sites such as Twitter and LinkedIn. Your responsibilities will extend to identifying, head hunting and sourcing candidates through, research, referrals and various other platforms.Being a mentor to your candidates throughout the selection process and giving interviewing prep and training will also form part of your duties. The candidate: To secure these highly rewarding Trainee Recruitment Consultant positions you will need to be educated to degree level in any subject and be able to demonstrate a genuine appetite to build a long term career within professional recruitment consultancy. You will be commercially focused and able to demonstrate drive and determination. Good communication and rapport building skills will be needed as well as a positive and enthusiastic attitude. A genuine people person that integrates well within a team and a strong desire to succeed. No previous sales or recruitment experience is needed but will help. The Rewards: On top of a very competitive basic salary (****k****k DOE) you will receive a fantastic, uncapped bonus designed to reward you handsomely for your efforts. There is an in depth, industry leading training and personal development programme designed to equip you with the necessary skills to be a high flying recruiter. Other benefits include 23 days holiday  all bank holidays, pension scheme, private healthcare and car allowance/company car scheme after qualifying period. There are load of additional incentives on offer such as individual and team trips abroad, monthly lunch clubs at top restaurants, extra bonus payments, shopping vouchers, days out at the races etc. This is a fantastic company to start your career with and places within this business are highly prized within the industry. If you feel you have what it takes, send your C.V.to Ask Associates immediately This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GRADUATETRAINEERECRUITMENTCONSULTANTOUTSTANDINGOPPORTUNITY_job****