Title: Business Development Manager  Job Agency
Webindex: 68063941
Company: Vantage Recruitment
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced Business Development Manager to join one of the UK’s number one job site. One of Britain’s fastest growing and most innovative online businesses. My client is enjoying a bigger market share than any other employment or training site, and they need world class individuals to help them realise their ambitious plans for growth. They're passionate about their brand, product and users, and want to meet a highly motivated individual who will share their vision and passion. The role of the Business Development Manager is within the Corporate South division, working with the UK's biggest and best known employer brands in the South of the UK. This is a field sales position, involving securing new business and account management and requires dedication and hard work which in return offers a competitive basic salary and generous bonus scheme. Principle Accountabilities Actively identify leads within an allocated remit based on size of business prospect and geographical location and develop relationships with key stakeholders. Conduct indepth needs analysis with prospects and match requirements to our products. Initiate contact with prospects with the objective of securing a face to face appointment. Present to clients to sell the various solutions and benefits of using the website. Confidently demonstrate our products and conduct onsite training where necessary. Maintain business relationships with contracted clients to ensure continued utilisation of the website and identify opportunities to sell further products or solutions. Write contracts and proposals that conform to agreed standards. Negotiate contract pricing within agreed limits ensuing that all business won meets agreed margins. Respond to customer enquiries/requests in a timely and professional manner. Manage individual pipeline to ensure true forecasting. Meet and exceed individual sales targets and KPIs. Be available for weekly team meetings, onetoones and training sessions. Attend networking events and industry awards ceremonies (where appropriate) to build personal portfolio and the company brand. To secure new wins that contribute to becoming a market leader by capturing a greater proportion of the corporate market. To secure profitable long term deals in line with strategic objectives with a cumulative value to meet the growth plan for the business. Identify key stakeholders within current and potential new businesses capturing intelligence and developing business relationships with them. Agreed sales activity levels recorded on Salesforce. Qualifications GCSE Maths and English or equivalent (grade C or above) Experience Proven trackrecord of consistent achievement of sales KPIs and sales targets. New business hunter who also excels at account management Demonstrable background in field sales within online media (preferably within Recruitment Advertising) Knowledge Consultative sales representative who is comfortable with asking for the business. Strong written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal skills and an ability to interact with a diverse range of people. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerJobAgency_job****