Title: Recruitment Consultant – Trainee roles – Banking / Technology
Webindex: 72444908
Company: Conrad Scott
Description: Are you a talented salesperson with a winning mentality looking to embark on a lucrative and rewarding career as a Trainee Recruitment Consultant? Do you want the best chance of success by join a genuine market leader? In just 15 years my client has grown organically to a turnover in excess of 250m with more than **** staff servicing 15 countries worldwide. The company is the market leader for Finance / Banking and Information Technology recruitment in the UK. The company has ambitious growth plans with new offices opening in Asia and Europe along with continued growth and diversification in the UK. Now is an excellent time to join. An employee recently took charge of one of the company’s newly opened international offices just 15 months after joining the business as a Trainee Recruitment Consultant. If you’re a dynamic, motivated, resultsdriven professional, you could be the next. What’s on offer: Starting salary of ****  **** (rising quickly with subsequent promotions). Uncapped commission giving you a percentage of every placement fee. You can expect to be doubling you salary by the end of the first year. The top recruitment consultants in the company are earning six figures. Full flexible benefits package as you would expect from a global business. Industry recognised training which includes and intensive 6 week induction course following by ongoing “on the job” coaching and training days. You will have your own personal development plan, tailored individually to provide you with the training you need right through to management. A fun and fulfilling environment with a programme of sales incentives, red letter days, holiday targets etc… Equity / shares in the business after 12 months provided you’re hitting your targets. About You: It’s not necessary to be a graduate to apply for this position. The team is made up of recruitment consultants from a range of backgrounds. Some left school at **** some are first class graduates. What you will be able to demonstrate at interview is: Educated at least to ALevel with sales experience and a track record of performing successfully in a target driven environment. Strong communication / interpersonal skills with the ability to work well under pressure and to strict deadlines Examples of the backgrounds of some of the company’s top billers who all started as trainee recruitment consultants include estate agent / lettings, advertising / media sales, broker, mobile phone sales, financial services sales, telesales, relationship management, events sales, technical sales, medical sales, IT sales, Travel Representatives, gym membership sales and call centre sales. To apply for this trainee recruitment consultant role click the link below This trainee recruitment consultant vacancy is being handled by Conrad Scott Ltd. Conrad Scott Ltd is a recruitment agency specialising in placing sales executives, trainees recruitment consultants and experienced professionals into the recruitment, search and selection industry. Conrad Scott acts as an employment agency and is registered in England and Wales as Conrad Scott Ltd, registered no **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantTraineerolesBankingTechnology_job****