Title: Account Executive  Business Development
Webindex: 72448078
Company: PRA
Description: ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE – BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT Location: Reading A leading global CRO, PRA is transforming clinical trials through our people, innovation and transparency. We serve clients across all phases of pharmaceutical and biotech drug development by combining therapeutic and operational expertise with local knowledge. PRA’s commitment to excellence in research begins with our people. Our workforce has grown by over 25% since 2010 and now comprises over **** employees spanning more than 13 time zones and speaking more than **** languages. It is our philosophy that the way in which we grow our business is to focus on our employees and as such, we recognize that successful careers are found within organisations that provide the support that employees need at work, as well as the benefits they require outside the workplace and work / life balance. Right now our future at PRA has never looked more promising. As we continue to expand our global operations, our established Business Development Group is now seeking an Account Executive to be based in from our Reading office. The role of the Account Executive is to work closely with the account directors and engagement partners to create a plan to enhance new account penetration, face to face meetings and RFP’s. The role will involve Calling new and existing accounts and scheduling face to face meetings for the business development team. Following up with clients to build and strengthen relationships Managing Sales Force Database Generating reports from Sales Force Researching accounts and identifying new opportunities for PRA International Working with the business development team to prepare for client meetings In order to be considered for this position, you will need to have experience in internal sales and ideally have an undergraduate degree or international equivalent in a life sciences discipline. Experience within a CRO or Pharma environment would be an advantage although this is not essential. You must be able to demonstrate excellent written and verbal communication skills, good time management and a tenacious approach. Together with a competitive salary, we offer a comprehensive range of benefits and an excellent working environment. As we continue to expand, there will be career opportunities on a truly global scale. PRA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountExecutiveBusinessDevelopment_job****