Title: Business Development Manager (Waste Industry)
Webindex: 68714347
Company: The Edge
Description: Business Development Manager Sector: Waste Management Territory: Scotland (Central Belt East) Package: Attractive Entirely Negotiable Our client, a national specialist within the provision of hazardous waste management services currently seeks this key appointment to aid further business growth. In order to apply you must have a strong trackrecord of wastemanagement sales and specifically new business development within the Scottish market. As our client specializes in providing businesses with hazardous waste management solutions, it is important that you have some prior knowledge/experience of hazwaste, but we are happy to welcome applications from more 'generalist' waste business development candidates who have sold in line with various waste streams. As you will be remotely managed (and based from home), there is the need for real selfdrive and motivation, tenacity and focus. You will enjoy a good degree of autonomy therefore, but will ultimately be judged on results over time in having the ability to utilize all of your contacts and regional market knowledge to harvest and nurture prospects and convert these into spending customers. In return for your experience and commitment, our client is genuinely willing to offer a highly attractive package that will be negotiable and entirely dependant on what you can bring to the table. So if you are an experienced wasteindustry business development/new business sales professional with a solid trackrecord of performance in recent years, who is seeking an autonomous and exciting new role with plenty of scope to make a real and noticeable difference to a company's bottom line, then please apply in confidence today. We anticipate that suitable candidates will be shortlisted and interviewed relatively quickly during the weeks ahead at a mutually convenient location within the Edinburgh area. To apply, please provide an up to date CV with details of your current/required level of remuneration. Please note that due to large volumes of applicants at present, only those successfully short listed will be contacted by Edge Recruits within **** hours, so if you have not been contacted please presume you have been unsuccessful this time. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerWasteIndustry_job****