Title: Internal Account Manager Specialist Technical Products
Webindex: 67639113
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: Internal Account Manager  Specialist Technical Products Ref: **** Location: West Midlands THE ROLE: This technical internal sales position, (West Midlands based) will involve selling a range of specialist technical products and equipment to a wide range of manufacturing sectors throughout the UK. This rewarding sales role will require that your sales, new business and account management capabilities are first class, advising customers on the technical features, and benefits of using the products. The role is office based at Birmingham Business Park next to the NEC and Birmingham International. Reporting directly to the Managing Director, you are fully responsible for hitting all your targets for the sales area. The role will also involve occasional visits to clients so individuals must be smartly presented. THE COMPANY: A pioneering world leader in their field, with a unique and passionate attitude towards their sector, which is clearly apparent in the company employees. They have a multimillion pound turnover, and now due to continued growth plans, they are now looking for an additional Account Manager to join their team to fuel their future expansion. Keen to constantly develop employees they offer excellent ongoing training and investment in their staff. Being an International player there is opportunity for International travel, as well as International opportunities in the future for successful employees. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Outbound Sales Experience. Possessing natural sales ability. A proactive, new business type sales person. Desire, passion and hunger. Quick learner / able to learn about new technology. Possess a clear, understandable telephone manner. Highly motivated and career driven. Proven sales success. THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: **** dependant on experience. Commission: 510% on sales above budget. Benefits: Personal Healthcare, Opportunities to progress to management. Please email your CV We thank all applicants who respond, but please be advised that only those short listed for interview will be contacted. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career