Title: Sales and Customer Service Representative
Webindex: 68347715
Company: Mutual Clothing and Supply Company Ltd
Description: Full Time Sales and Customer Service Representative Salary: **** p.a. plus bonuses. OTE **** p.a Location: Leicester Full time field based role managing a Home Collected consumer credit round in the Leicester area. Mutual/Kingstone are looking for candidates with good people skills who are hard working, proactive and self motivated. No previous experience required, must be a car owner. Role: Mutual/Kingstone are seeking a Sales and Customer Service representative to work in the Leicester area servicing existing accounts, obtaining loan and retail orders and generating new leads. Our business is home collected consumer credit. As you develop within the role you ll come to view the job as running your own small business. Our Company: Mutual/Kingstone have been in consumer finance for over 100 years serving thousands of customers over many generations. We are a family company with strong values and traditions. Duties and Responsibilities of a Sales and Customer Service Representative:  Weekly visits to existing customers to collect repayments and manage their accounts  Identify sales opportunities and act on them  Generate new leads  Negotiate with borrowers experiencing difficulties Skills/Requirements:  UK driving licence holder with access to a car  Good one to one communication skills  Self motivated  Good planning and organisation skills  Able to work into the early evening  Ability to get on well with people and build relationships Rewards of a Sales and Customer Service Representative:  Performance related pay means you re rewarded for the effort you put in  Field Sales based role will mean you are out and about  Independent working hours as the job is not ****  5  Meeting new people and social interaction with customers  Helping people manage their finances when they are in need Please click on Apply Now to apply for this position. No previous experience required