Title: Sales Engineer, Technical Sales Executive, Territory Sales Manager
Webindex: 70519961
Company: Accord Management Services Limited
Description: A superb opportunity to join a company who are a global leader in the manufacture of precision instruments. The company who employ over **** staff globally and turnover around 2 billion are now looking to recruit a successful field sales executive / business development manager / technical sales executive SALARY: **** to **** as a basic salary with another 7000 on top in commission, fully expensed company car, 22 days holiday, company pension scheme, life assurance, private health care, child vouchers, 2 a day lunch allowance, laptop, mobile and home office set up LOCATION: Candidates will have good access to M1 east M62 and M25 and can live anywhere between London and Leicester covering a similar patch You will be selling a wide range of process analytical instruments (such as gas analysers and oxygen sensors) into industries such as pharmaceutical, chemical, food and beverage, power and engineering industries. This fieldbased role takes responsibility for maintaining the existing customer base and growing the sales area turnover and margin by winning new business and developing the existing customer base, in the Pharmaceutical, chemical, food and beverage, power and engineering industries. The role will play a key part in accelerating our growth over the coming years and will focus 50% of time on new business with the aim of delivering 25% of its turnover from new accounts. The ideal candidate must have field sales experience and be able to demonstrate their successful sales history of selling technical equipment and services into the process industries, together with a proven track record of continually winning and developing new accounts in a similar role. Candidate`s experience should be in Instrumentation (liquid or gas analysers), control systems, hazardous area equipment, data acquisition or general process equipment such as filtration, valves, pumps etc. You must be capable of promoting a wide portfolio of technical products and be familiar with marketing databases and Windows applications. You should have excellent communication and interpersonal skills and possess a full driving licence. Contact: Kelly Duke on **** **** ELIGIBILITY All vacancies advertised are based in the UK. It is unlawful to employ a person who does not have permission to live and work in the UK and we will therefore only consider applications from candidates who are eligible to work in the EU. Accord Management Services are UK based Sales Recruitment specialists, placing experienced sales professionals across all industry sectors. The services Accord provides are those of an employment agency.