Title: Account Manager – APEX Platform
Webindex: 69611240
Company: INKGLOBAL
Description: About us Ink is the global leader in connecting with travellers. We write, design and produce inflight magazines for more airlines than any other company in the world, as well as reaching a captive audience of hundreds of millions of travellers each year via Targeted Advertising (TAD) on confirmation emails, checkin emails, printathome mobile boarding passes and onboard entertainment systems. We are proud to work with over three dozen airlines, producing media in **** languages and selling advertising in over **** countries. Our clients include Air Macau, Bangkok Airways, easyJet, Eurostar, Germanwings, Gulf Air, Jetstar, Ryanair, Tiger Airways, TurboJET (the ferry from Hong Kong to Macau), United Airlines, PrivatAir and Wizz Air, plus many more. We own the Airline Retail Conference (ARC) in Europe and AsiaPacific, the China Travel Retail Conference in Shanghai, and we produce the Airline Passenger Experience Media Platform in association with APEX, the Airline Passenger Experience Association. We are ranked 7th in the Investec Hot 100 Real Business List 2012 for high performance companies. For more information see www.inkglobal.com About APEX The Airline Passenger Experience Association (APEX) encompasses a network of businesses and professionals that are committed to providing a worldclass airline experience for passengers around the globe. Every day, APEX members are improving every aspect of the airline experience: from designing, building and installing flatbed seating, entertainment and communications systems on commercial aircraft, to airport lounges and inflight dining. To find out more see www.apex.aero . For a list of members see http://apex.aero/MemberCenter/OurMembers/tabid/****/Default.aspx About the role You'll be developing and managing revenue and relationships with direct clients and agencies across a number of industries. You need to be a focused, proactive selfstarter, and able to multitask in a fastpaced environment. Additionally, you're an advisor and consultant, as well as a client advocate within Ink. You'll use your analytical skills to develop and close new business, grow existing business, and support clients with insights, market analysis and other collateral. Above all, you'll be responsible for hitting your revenue targets. About you BA/BSc degree or equivalent with topclass academics preferred Fluent in English. Preference for multilingual staff Proven track record in advertising sales and media account management Excellent organizational, analytical and influencing skills. Ability to influence product development through interaction with relevant colleagues and peers A deep understanding of the industry's issues, a vision for its growth, and a commitment to achieving Ink s **** year growth plan Experience of developing facetoface commercial relationships Experience in and an understanding of commercial events Experience of meeting and exceeding revenue targets Entrepreneurial attitude Excellent telephone manner and presentation abilities Why Ink? Fast moving environment for a market leader in a growth sector Coaching and development programmes for all employees International travel opportunities Significant earning potential