Title: Product Management and Pricing Executive
Webindex: 70205432
Company: Nationwide Building Society
Description: Pension: Hours of work: 35 Days of work: Monday  Friday Work include: Days Industry: Marketing Start Date: ASAP Description: Introduction Nationwide House, Swindon Salary: ****  **** (dependent on skills and experience) Full Time, Permanent The Protection Investment team is responsible for understanding customer needs and then sourcing and delivering the best products available to exceed our customers x2****19; expectations. Our area has seen significant development in the past three years, and with Retail Distribution Review, increasing numbers of customers retiring and the ongoing economic challenges we x2019;re seeking individuals to help support our response. A more challenging role Reporting to the Investments Product Manager, it x2019;ll be up to you to know these products inside out. You x2019;ll be empowered to manage the day to day running of our existing products, making sure our products are priced competitively whilst managing the needs of the Society. Identifying market trends and keep abreast of competitor movements you will look to improve our product range. Working with key stakeholders you will motivate the sales force, work with our 3rd party providers and assist Marketing to deliver effective communications to our internal and external customers. In doing so, you x2019;ll not only put our protection investment products way out in front of the market and help us meet our business goals; you x2019;ll also make a name for yourself. A more talented person Passionate, keen to learn and with plenty of drive and vision, you will preferably have some commercial experience under your belt, but above all else be prepared to study for a marketing qualification. You x2019;ll be excellent at building relationships and a confident communicator in order to work with key stakeholders. Strong analytical skills are also required to identify market trends combined with a commercial focus and creative thinking to create strong product propositions. We need talented individuals who are passionate about understanding what customers want and then working with our 3rd party providers to develop innovative solutions. Successful candidates will be ambitious and keen to develop a career in product management. An employer you're proud of Our mutual status means we x2019;re here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it x2019;s made us the world x2019;s biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We x2019;re always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That x2019;s why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it x2019;s only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we x2019;ll give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme. Method of apply: Email Submission Email Address: Expiry Date: 01022013 New Deal or New Deal Considered: N/A Method of contact: Email Standard or enhanced Criminal Records Bureau disclosure: Reporting to the Investments Product Manager, it x2019;ll be up to you to know these products inside out. Apply Online URL: Normal 0 false false false ENGB XNONE XNONE