Title: Account Manager / Sales Manager  start or develop your career with us
Webindex: 71852228
Company: Q Personnel Employment Services
Description: ACCOUNT MANAGER / SALES MANAGER Open minded on level of experience, a hungry graduate, a more experienced sales manager, whatever you're background is, it's about you. you won't be trundling up and down the motorway, this is quite a focused sales positions, but where you live is flexible. COMPANY: We are an entrepreneurial company, with a growing reputation for redefining our industry. We're not going to change the world admittedly, but we are certainly shaking things up, in our own small way. We are known for developing new talent and giving people from maybe different work backgrounds and levels of experience a chance to show what they can do. We are traditionally a product company, but are expanding into consultancy and project management. We are distributor and supplier of innovative energy and environmentally friendly products, our growing portfolio is being sold UK wide, mainly businesstobusiness/B2B. We sell into a whole myriad of sectors  from the public sector to military, manufacturing to construction or transport. We are small at the moment, but have a very good order book, new products coming on board, and are all gearing and focused to doubling turnover in the next 23 years. We want someone who thinks they can get us there quicker. POSITION: We are looking to bring on an additional person who shares our passion for what we do, to bolster our sales team and actively bring in new customers and larger products. We are expanding, and from our head office in the South Midlands, we want to fully maximise the product ranges we have, plus grow the new areas we are starting to explore. You will pick up existing accounts to develop and manage, dormant ones to reignite, and of course the UK is your oyster with a focus being on the Midlands, South East and South West. We will offer a competitive basic salary, plus a car REQUIREMENTS: We are after the right person, sounds daft to put in a job advert, but it's true. You will be a hungry sales gogetter, this is not an offtheshelf product, there are varying degrees of product selection and specification, so you must be able to think smart and professional. We want you to be inquisitive  to look at other ways of doing things, we aren't going to get to double turnover by doing what we've always done, well we will, but just not as quick What you've sold is totally irrelevant, we want passion and skill, and to see that you follow good processes and are sharp and on the ball. We are a businesstobusiness /B2B focus, from distributor to wholesale to end customer  that would be ideal really. Keywords (for search purposes only): sales manager, sales representative, account manager, new business manager, commercial manager, sales person This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerSalesManagerstartordevelopyourcareerwithus_job****