Title: NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  Movie Video Game Sales Advisors Wanted
Webindex: 68347647
Company: JTG
Description: No Sales Expereince Necessary  Immediate Start Available Calling all MOVIE LOVERS, FILM FANATICS, VIDEO GAMERS JTG in LONDON BRIDGE is an outsourced sales and marketing firm looking for **** TRAINEE SALES ADVISORS/ SALES ASSISTANTS with great customer service skills and a passion for MOVIES, FILMS, and/or VIDEO GAMES Are you at least **** years old looking for an opportunity to combine WORK and YOUR PERSONAL INTERESTS? Are you able to commute to LONDON BRIDGE looking for a FASTPACED SALES ENVIRONMENT where you can achieve your CAREER AMBITIONS? We re part of the fastest growing industry in Europe and there are no signs of our growth slowing down any time soon In just over 7 years, our newest client has become the leading European film subscription service, combining the benefits of DVD rental by post and, more recently, online video streaming. Our client currently has nearly 1.6 million members and operates in the UK, and several European countries. They want to continue to grow, and are experiencing more competition than ever before with the recent arrival of a popular competitor. We re looking to increase businesstobusiness sales representation for them in the GREATER LONDON area so they can increase their market share and remain on top of their industry TRAINEE SALES ADVISOR/ SALES ASSISTANT REQUIREMENTS:  Excellent customer service skills (sales experience is helpful, but not necessary)  Must be over 18 (in order to signup new customers)  Movie, Film Video Game knowledge is very helpful in the sales process  Experience using an iPad is helpful in the sales process, but not required  Full time availability is ideal because the more you put in, the more you get out  Smart dress and a professional attitude are encouraged for quality sales  Must be able to work independently and within a team environment We even offer producttraining workshops and ongoing guidance to ensure you are set up for individual sales success. Growth opportunities are available because our industry is growing rapidly and we need people to look after new markets and clients. We operate in a performancebased industry and therefore growth opportunities and individual earnings will also be resultbased. We have multiple spots to fill, but we ve already begun meeting with qualified individuals, so DON T DELAY  SEND YOUR CV TODAY Simply send your CV through the online application process. Covering letters are not necessary as long as you are prepared to answer questions over the phone and in person. We aim to contact successful applicants within **** working days Successful applicants will be invited for an initial facetoface sit down with a member of our management team. A handful will then be selected for a follow up observational day in the field where you ll get a chance to experience firsthand what s involved in promoting our client s products and services. This is a voluntary day to help us both make an educated decision about your compatibility with our opening, therefore participants will not be entitled to compensation for their time.  Please note: This opening does not involve movie production or testing video games. This opening involves facetoface sales for a movie video game rental company, which is why we re looking for people with an interest in movies, films and video games.