Title: Finnish Speaking  Business Development
Webindex: 69668747
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Finnish Speaking Inside Sales / Business Development Representative to join the team of a EMEA HQ in Bracknell. Your development is high on the agenda with the company, so if you perform they will help you progress along a structured career path that could take you into field sales or software consultancy and beyond. The company has over **** customers in more than 150 countries and nearly $1B revenue, they are already a leading provider of innovative business software to major companies across the world and still growing fast. They have been named as one of Fortune Magazine’s top 100 fastest growing companies. As a Business Development Representative, you will have two key functions that are essential in ensuring the business growth: • To contact key decisionmakers in a variety of small to mediumsized businesses across Finland and generate interest in the products. • To conduct market research to be followed up by the Sales Managers in the field. The ideal Business Development Representative will have the following skills and experiences: • The ability to demonstrate their success in sales or telemarketing. • Possess outstanding corporate communication skills. • Have persistence and resourcefulness. • Have the spirit and personality to enjoy the challenge of a new career. In return you will receive a salary of **** pa plus pension, life cover and private health. So if you’re looking for a role with lots of opportunity to gain new skills, win new customers and become part of an outstanding global team, apply online today. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.