Title: Specification Sales Manager / Area Sales Manager
Webindex: 68701708
Company: The Sales Recruitment Network
Description: Specification Sales Manager/ Area Sales Manager / Business Development Manager , required for a company who are specialists in providing architectural cladding / rainscreen cladding / Panelling products to the construction industry, selling primarily to Architects, Design and Build Contractors, Developers, Specifiers and Main and sub contractors. Salary for the right candidate, ****k to ****k (flexibility for the right experience)  company car and other benefits, eg profit share. Covering , primarily South East , London, Kent, Essex, Middlesex, Oxfordshire, Berkshire, Surrey and up to Warwickshire and the Midlands. Location with easy access to London and Surrounding areas. Could be based London, South East or up to Midlands. Product: Architectural Cladding, Rainscreen Cladding, Panels and Panelling products. Job description: Area Sales Manager / Specification Sales Executive, required for a company who are specialists in providing architectural cladding to the construction industry, selling primarily to Architects, Design and Build Contractors, Developers and Main and sub contractors. The company combine traditional business fundamentals with the best new technologies on offer including, Specialist niche market products, In house design, Quality products and custom made manufacturing and value for money. Their product range includes, Cladding, Rainscreen cladding, Insulation Panels, Flat wall panels, Fascias and Suffits and Louvre Systems. Your role will be to manage an Area primarily covering South East, London and all surrounding areas up to Midlands. Potential for some other requirements throughout the UK. Objectives To play strategic role in the business development programme of company by increasing sales volume, whilst maintaining/improving rate of net margin earned. To ensure all Specifications/Contracts/Orders are tracked and completed from design through to completion in a professional and competent manner Responsibilities Responsible for managing the sales activity within the Southern region and for achieving performance objectives. Key tasks include: Pursuing project leads, meeting with architects and developers and obtaining Specifications for the Company systems. To provide both budget and Cost analysis reports to the various professional bodies at design stage, e.g. Q.S. Architects, Clients and Design Build Contractors Overseeing the progress of specifications through to placement with approved contractor Liaising with estimating department to ensure accurate and timely quotation of projects. Where required, attend design meetings to assist with the design elements of projects. To attend if required post tender meetings to provide adequate advice in construction methods relevant to our systems. Visiting new and potential contractors to develop twoway business relationships. Present CPD seminars to architect practices, design and build practices and clients to promote companies systems and develop business opportunities. Explore business development opportunities for the promotion of company systems, including new applications for the product. Monitoring and updating of all projects via PSA. Ensuring the pipeline of actual and forecast orders is at the level that will lead to achieving sales targets. Skills / Experience; You will have previous Field sales experience ideally in the Cladding industry, however related trade experience would also be considered, eg Roofing, Curtain Walling, Panels and other Building related products etc. Specification Sales experience Previous Field Sales experience and business development experience to Architects, Design and Build Contractors, Specifiers ,Developers, Contractors etc. Ability to work in a high pressure sales driven environment Commercially aware. Strong negotiation and closing skills. Good communication skills. Professional appearance with strong presentation skills. Organised , disciplined and self motivated. Energetic and driven, with a personality which opens doors. Job Title:Specification Sales Manager Package:Salary of up to ****k for the right candidate CAR  OTHER BENEFITS Area : South East, London, Kent, Essex, Middlesex, Oxfordshire, Berkshire, Surrey, Warwickshire and Midlands. Location with easy access to London and Surrounding areas. The Sales Recruitment Network recruits B2B and B2C Sales Directors, Sales Managers, Field Sales Executives and Internal Sales Executives:Telesales Managers, Telesales Executives and Telemarketing Executives:Marketing Directors, Marketing Executives, Marketing Coordinators and Marketing Assistants: Customer Services Managers, Customer Services Executives and Sales Administrators in all industries throughout the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SpecificationSalesManagerAreaSalesManager_job****