Title: German Speaking Business Development Manager EMEA
Webindex: 68714318
Company: Euro London Appointments   London
Description: German Speaking Business Development Manager EMEA  **** per annum  Quarterly Bonus An exciting opportunity has arisen to join a rapidly growing US software company to increase sales in the DACH region. My client requires a Business Development Manager for the North London office to work alongside a small team with an already existing multimillion Pound turnover. The company has been recognised with awards for its training and developing of staff as well as for its products. The successful candidate will be responsible for prospecting new business as well as managing existing accounts. You will also provide customers with support and share your product knowledge to up sell and cross sell other products within the company portfolio. You will have to be able to communicate effectively both to your international client base and also to other internal departments. Essential skills required are as follows:  Fluency to native level in both German and English  Proven success in Business Development and Account Management within IT/ software services  Excellent communication skills both written and over the telephone in German and English  Experience in working in a team as well as independently  Commercially minded  An additional language would give you a distinct advantage This is a real chance to establish yourself as one of the best in a fast growing successful team. Please contact me immediately if you possess the required skills. Thank you for applying to Euro London Appointments, the UK's largest independent language consultancy. We aim to respond as promptly as possible to your application, however, due to the high level of CVs we receive, we are only able to respond to applicants whose profile matches our Clients requirements. To enquire about other vacancies please visit our website at www.eurolondon.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanSpeakingBusinessDevelopmentManagerEMEA_job****