Title: Field Sales  external
Webindex: 69172343
Company: Talent Staffing Ltd
Description: Field Sales Executive **** mins outside of Slough or Reading based Excellent salary and package for relevant applicants My client is seeking a dynamic, proactive and hungry Field Sales professional that will grow and develop new and existing business within the companies portfolio and use new and inovative thinking to increase clients, sales and revenue. The Main Purpose is to: Creating sales opportunities, developing the clients existing customers, forming strong business partnerships in order to increase sales at the most best margins, identify and target new business, establish new market sectors creating additional revenue streams. Key Responsibilities: You would need to create strong business relationships with existing customers to maintain and achieve increased sales. Responding effectively and exceeding targets set and agreed with your Line Manager. Daytoday communication with customers either in person or via telephone, email, etc. Preparing and maintaining a strategic plan for the identified key accounts whilst developing new areas of business. Create realistic sales plans to increase product mix within existing and potential customers. To advise on the activity of our competitors in both service performance and sales prices. Agreed number of sales visits per week / month. To produce a monthly sales report and distribute to Management. Working within Marketing Strategy agreed with Management and Marketing. Produce visit report on CRM system on a daily basis. Update Lotus Notes calendar daily with proposed customer visits. Plan route to maximise number of visits per geographical area. Attend sales office and branch meetings. Liaise with internal sales staff and Line Manager regularly re sales leads, customer needs, sample requests, etc. To assist in preparation for trade exhibitions and follow up activity after the events. Ensure that all customer records and company files folders held 'off site’ are maintained using a secure and responsible method. Observe all aspects of Health and Safety within the sales and warehouse environment. To carry out other sales duties as requested. Key Skills: Excellent verbal and written communication skills Broad experience of sales and decision making process Energetic and selfmotivated Responds to and sets own targets IT literate Methodical and logical approach to work Numerate Smart and professional appearance Team player Excellent work ethic Required skills expertise: This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesexternal_job****