Title: Account Manager  Operations
Webindex: 71170850
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Account Manager  OperationsE ****  Comm As Account Manager, you will be responsible for coordinating the launch of advertsing campaigns, managing client relationships and looking for opportunites to upsell and cross sell clients. You will be a confident and assertive individual ensuring clients receive superior service. You will manage all aspects of campaigns with a meticulous approach. Your passion will steer you to achieve goals and obtain the best results. You will have previous Mobile or Digital Space experience. You will be knowledgeable about the industry and the market enabling you to be aware of competitors and new trends. If you have the skills and vision to be part of this exciting organisation then apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Account Manager include: . Coordinate with sales, product management and operations to provide information regarding the status of all campaigns and projects related to sales opportunities . Communicate with clients, operations and traffic to ensure timely and accurate campaign launch, delivery and invoicing . Work with operations team to monitor campaign delivery and contract compliance, ensuring full revenue delivery . Projectmanage integrated, custom executions to ensure coordination across departments . Assist in the creation of media proposals and presentations. . Load and launch campaigns and make creative changes and other optimizations . Identify ways to grow advertising revenue by collaborating with numerous internal departments (sales, product management, marketing and operations) . Provide campaign reporting to sales and clients . Prepare strategies for upselling and crossselling existing clients . Perform other jobrelated duties and activities as requested Qualities we're looking for in the Account Manager include: . Previous significant experience either Mobile or Digital Space . Proven experience with developing and driving new business . Ability to work with a highly competitive environment . Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with managers, employees and external clients. . Good knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . Excellent communication, negotiation and presentation skills . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focussed . A solid ability to work and communicate on all levels . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/AccountManagerOperations_job****