Title: Regional Sales Manager  Comm Care TeleCare
Webindex: 69670928
Company: SMRS LTD  
Description: The Chubb brand is one of the most recognised fire and security brands in the world. From digital CCTV surveillance and intruder alarms to fire detection and suppression systems, we provide a full range of innovative products and services to customers, including most FTSE 100 companies. Chubb, a UTC Climate, Controls Security Systems business, is a truly international, talent driven company focused on performance and results. We employ **** people on a global basis including **** Chubb employees in the UK. We have a big commitment to the continuing development of everyone who works for us and therefore we encourage and strongly support career progression, with opportunities for promotion within our organisation and throughout the wider UTC global group. Chubb Systems Limited with provides bespoke integrated security solutions to major customers is seeking to recruit a regional stand alone Sales Manager for the Community Care division focusing on developing business across the Western region of Scotland. The successful candidate will therefore need to be based within easy access Glasgow. You will also need to possess a proven track record as a Sales Professional with experience of selling into Housing Associations, Local Authorities, NHS etc or as an electronic security sales specialist. Knowledge of electrical/ electronic engineering within the Community Care market would also be advantageous. As a results focused, target driven Sales Executive who has the stature and credibility to develop successful relationships with key decision makers in this sector, you will be able to display a passion and understanding of the Community Care, TeleHealth and TeleCare systems market and also a proven track record in successfully negotiating contracts. Key tasks will include achieving sales targets so that the business achieves its strategic plan, identifying and winning new Project and Service opportunities, developing new business and key relationships, delivering demonstrations and presentations, identifying and progressing prequalification requirements, providing accurate pipeline forecasts and evolving strategic supplier and partner relationships. We welcome applications from talented and ambitious Business Development Managers, Sales Executives, Sales Consultants, Sales Engineers, Regional Sales Managers, Sales Representatives and Sales Development Managers who possess relevant experience of selling technical installations and/ or developing business in this Community Care marketplace. Chubb is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Please note that due to the high volume of responses that we receive for opportunities across the UK, we are unfortunately no longer able to respond to each application directly or to provide further individual feedback. We will however contact you should we select you to attend an interview. Should you not receive a reply from us within 4 weeks, please assume that your application on this occasion has proved unsuccessful.