Title: Photograph Sales / Promotions / Customer Service
Webindex: 71680542
Company: Bluetownonline Ltd
Description: Job title: Photograph Sales / Promotions Location: Bristol Salary: **** **** per annum My Client is based in the heart of Manchester and currently requires Sales Executives with great Customer Service and Sales skills ideally for immediate start due to expansion and client demand. The successful sales applicants will be dealing with all aspects of:  Customer Service  Customer Acquisition  Promotions  Sales  Marketing Key attributes the Client is looking for:  Great communication skills  Passion for sales  Good people skills  Ability to work in a team sales environment  Self motivation  High standards for Customer Service  The Client has informed there is also a Business development program for the more ambitious sales individuals. Sales experience is not necessary but willingness to learn is essential, a great personality and a positive can do attitude would make you a great candidate for this Sales and Customer Service role. An Immediate start is an advantage however not essential for the right sales candidates. If you feel this is something for you then please apply using our online application process, If considered you will then receive an email regarding appointments. Please note this position is based in Bristol and candidates would be required to commute to the City centre on a daily basis. The position is also based on a performance related package however full coaching is provided Experience in the following areas would be advantageous but NOT necessary: Customer Service, Sales, Marketing, Customer Service / Retail Management. Callcentre, Retail, Business Development. Customer Service Training We believe in creating a fun, exciting, unified and democratic work environment. Where people can flourish and forge a successful career in sales and sales management. The development of our people is our number one goal. Please click the APPLY button to send your CV for this role. (Keywords; Customer Service, Sales, Retail Assistant, Sales Assistant, Photography Sales, Promotional Sales, Sales Promoter) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PhotographSalesPromotionsCustomerService_job****