Title: URGENT: Customer Service / Sales / Retail skills Wanted
Webindex: 71472371
Company: DNV Global Solutions
Description: Do you have customer service/ Retail or sales experience? Looking for a new challenge? Are you **** or over? Apply today With only 9 weeks left till the end of the year the countdown to Christmas has begun. At DNV we are looking for **** people to fill temporary Christmas openings with permanent openings also available. DNV Global Solutions are an outsource Sales and Marketing organisation that specialise in customer acquisition via face to face promotional sales campaigns. We have recently expanded from Newcastle into Glasgow and now we have openings to fill for the Christmas period. We've had a tremendous first 6 months of the year and we want to make sure we finish 2012 with a bang THAT'S WHERE YOU COME IN Our continued success relies on finding and developing the right people. As we are very much a people business and we conduct all our campaigns on a face to face basis, good communication skills are vital We are looking for people with customer service/Retail and Sales experience to learn all aspects of marketing/sales and promotion. NO SALES/MARKETING EXPERIENCE IS NECESSARY AS FULL PRODUCT TRAINING WILL BE PROVIDED. ALL YOU NEED TO POSSESS IS THE KNACK OF DEALING WITH AND TALKING TO PEOPLE. Our current client portfolio consists of some of the UK's largest blue chip organisations and they are looking to increase representation all throughout Scotland and the UK. We conduct all our sales and marketing campaigns on a face to face basis via **** platforms: Events, Residential and BusinesstoBusiness campaigns. Applicants must be eligible to work in the UK, we do NOT offer sponsorship IDEAL APPLICANTS WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR IMMEDIATE START AND FULLTIME HOURS PLEASE NOTE: Due to client demand applicants must be **** and be able to commute to Glasgow City Centre daily. Compensation is based solely on completed applications, therefore the harder you work the more you can earn Average earnings **** per week. TO APPLY: Send your CV and provide a contact number. Keywords: sales, outbound sales, customer service advisor, customer service, trainee, marketing, PR, events sales, telesales, customer service representative, telesales, direct sales, retail sales, sales advisor, field sales, trainee sales advisor, retail sales assistant, trainee sales advisor, retail sales assistant, customer service assistant, trainee marketing advisor. sales marketing customer service marketing pr retail sales glasgow tele sales outbound sales inbound sales call centre sales representative customer service representative