Title: Sales Executive – UK Wide  ESP ****
Webindex: 66936365
Company: Enterprise Sales Personnel
Description: My client is a rapidly expanding, IT Services Provider and they have engaged with ESP as they require a Sales Executive to join their organisation. The organisation has recently been accredited by the Times Tech Track as one of the top 100 fastest growing IT companies in the UK. Also, they have a lot of VC funding behind them and plan to expand globally in the next few years. They have a fantastic portfolio including a Cloud, Datacentre and Managed Services offering. Successful candidates will have the opportunity to join an exciting company who is growing rapidly and moving into new markets. In addition, the company provides fantastic support from the presales and marketing departments and a realistic opportunity to achieve career progression. It is imperative that candidates must be driven to win new business. The client would prefer anyone with experience selling IT Services or Infrastructure. Essential skills that the successful candidate will need for this role includes: Have experience selling IT for at least three years. Have a successful and stable track record within previous roles. Extremely motivated to generate new business. Have exceeded sales targets for at least three years. Have experience selling Infrastructure or IT Services. Please only apply for this role if you have the expansive experience required in the specific field advertised as without this we unfortunately will be unable to consider your application. About Enterprise Sales Personnel Enterprise Sales Personnel is a niche recruitment business operating in the Scottish marketplace. We recruit for a wide range of bluechip smaller high profile companies whose business is in providing Professional Services, Management Consultancy, Systems Integration and IT Hardware Software. We will treat you with courtesy and dignity and totally respect your need for confidentiality and our Consultants will take time to properly understand your aspirations and your skills Keywords: New Business, Account Management, Outsourcing, Global Financial Industry, Investment Banking, Financial Sector, IT Services, IT Solutions, IT Software, Back and Middle Office, Financial Industry, Applications, Public Sector, Business Intelligence, Account Director, Account Manager, Business Manager, Technology, IT, Infrastructure, Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Manager, BDM, BDC, Business Development Consultant, IT, Complex Solutions, Solution Sales, Software Sales, Enterprise Sales, Strategic Sales, Infrastructure, Managed Services, Supply Chain This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveUKWideESP****_job****