Title: Senior Commercial Manager  Tesco ASDA
Webindex: 68257209
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: This role involves looking after the major retail accounts including Asda Tesco. The National Accounts positionis instrumental in continuing our clientsculture change success and retailer partnering agenda. The role is being recruited because of an internal move of an existing employee into another area of the business. Working within our client with its strong growth agenda and energy will allow the incumbent of the role to experience a much broader involvement than would be experienced in a National Accounts role in a more traditional blue chip environment. ROLE PROFILE:  Support the Commercial Controller in overseeing and driving accounts in all areas, including, new tenders, promotion proposals, price increase negotiations etc.  Preparation and presentat You will have previously worked at Commercial Manager level for a minimum of 3 years working closely with major retailers in an FMCG field. You will be supporting the Commercial team with a framework to build tailored plans within the retailer, thus enabling continual growth and category success built on the strength of the customer relationship. You must have experience of Chilled or short life Ambient products as opposed to Tinned / Frozen.  Social skills and personable persona with presence and gravitas to fit with major retailer commercial environment is paramount.  Degree or equivalent with at least 3 years to 5 years experience in a national account manager role within food.  Highly focused in terms of t Our client is a multi million pound turn over business which supplies own label food products to service the own brand of the major retailers.It was transformed from a loss making business to making profit with a clear commercial strategy and has built strong relationship with its customers through its new energy, style and commitment to partner relationships.  Salary within ****k dependent on experience  Combined Company car and fuel allowance equivalent of ****k per annum  Potential Bonus of 10%  25 days holiday a year and **** statutory holidays  Money purchase pension scheme with matched contribution up to 6% of salary  Private healthcare cover for employee  Discount scheme on purchases from high street retailers Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receiv Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorCommercialManagerTescoASDA_job****