Title: Group Account Director  Media
Webindex: 71171473
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Group Account Director  Media ****  ****  Comm A leading Global digital media owner requires a Group Account Director to join their vibrant team based in London. As Group Account Director (on the performance team), you will report to the Head of Sales. You will Manage and inspire a team, be target orientated and lead from the front by generating revenus from your own agency patch. You'll also know most of the westend agencies and have previous media online experience. This is an amazing opportunity for someone looking to be part of an exciting media company. If you believe you could be the next rising star within the media industry, apply immediately. Key Responsibilities of the Group Account Director include: . Building and securing revenue from the allocated agency and client patch . Working closely with the new business team to manage the portfolio, reviewing contracts and pitching new sites . Developing strong relationships with client/agencies . Supporting the sales teams as well as anticipating future media research requirements . Helping to set and monitor targets, actual revenue and forecasts . Managing client expectations . Ensuring all channels are being maximised and new channels are explored . Ensuring all key agencies are kept up to date with any developments at the company . Identifying any opportunities for a bespoke deal with individual agencies Qualities we're looking for in the Group Account Director include: . Previous significant experience in a relevant market (i.e. mobile media sales) . Excellent presentation and project management skills . Extensive knowledge of the Mobile Advertising medium . A confident telephone and facetoface manner . Excellent communication both verbal and written skills . Excellent presentation, organisation and administration skills . Experience managing a team . Good knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . A good knowledge of online market . A good understanding of analytical tools and resources . Strong team player with a good work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/GroupAccountDirectorMedia_job****