Title: Digital Agency Sales Account Manager
Webindex: 67332211
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Digital Agency Sales Account M ****  ****  50% Comm. Our client, a leading technology media, research and event's company, is looking to recruit a Digital Agency Sales Account Manger to join their team. As Digital Agency Sales Account Manager, you will be working solely across the company's digital portfolio. Our client has literally hundreds of websites at their disposal so whatever your client is looking for, you will be able to provide a perfect match You will be selling online and data based demand generation solutions to a variety of different organisations. With passion and drive you will successfully contribute to and manage integrated programs across multiple brands in the portfolio. You will be target driven growing revenue from new clients and explore new market sectors. Your enthusiasm and passionate approach will help build and maintain a strong relationship with existing clients and agencies. As an efficient and motivated individual you will effectively represent our client's portfolio in the UK and marketplace and consistently deliver market share performance in a highly competitive environment. This is an excellent opportunity to be part of a thriving media organisation, if you have the skills apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Digital Agency Sales Account Manager include: . Building and maintaining professional relationships with key agencies and clients . Developing, increasing and sustaining revenue from existing agencies / clients . Delivering a consistently strong market share . Developing and implementing customer oriented sales solutions . Developing and building on revenues from new clients and new initiatives / propositions Qualities we're looking for in the Digital Agency Sales Account Manager include: . Previous significant media sales experience, across online (preferably IT) in a competitive marketplace . Experience of working in digital sales (would be highly advantageous) . Strong contacts with agencies and clients within the industry . Strong telephone and facetoface skills . Excellent organisational skills . Good interpersonal skills . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/DigitalAgencySalesAccountManager_job****