Title: New Business Development Manager (OTE ****)
Webindex: 68071909
Company: Long & Marshall
Description: Successful precision engineering business is looking for a high achieving New Business Development Manager to attract new customers to an already impressive customer base. Due to continued investment in technology and efficiency improvements Long and Marshall is looking to expand its customer base which has been growing for over 40 years. This new role is built on the success of the business in deliver high quality components to some of the world most prestigious manufacturing businesses. This role will report direct to the management team and forms a key part of our **** year growth plan. The successful candidate will be tasked with attracting new customer to Long and Marshall in line with the marketing plan. This proactive role will provide an opportunity to create and implement a sales plan that allows new customers to benefit from high quality products and delivered on time. Candidates will be selfmotivated and have a passion for delivering sales goals as well as a history of success in similar roles. This combined with exceptional communication skills will provide great opportunities to grow an already successful business. Specifics of the role will include:  Provide research and analysis of market and competitive information in support of business capture, pursuits and other strategic assessments  Develop new customers and relationships through to sales and account management.  Support to Long and Marshall and facilitate Capture Support events (Trade Shows, Business Presentations etc)  Actively participate in the Market Forecasting and Strategic Planning Processes  Attend customer and industry briefings to gather information on customers and competitors  Work with the company’s management team to facilitate the development of media and communication plans for business capture pursuits.  Provide and manage OnSite, proactive support to Long and Marshall with regards to executing their Marketing Plan and Strategy.  Manage the Sales plans and drive sales in to Long and Marshall  Attend meetings for Long and Marshall  Deliver presentations on behalf of Long and Marshall  Attract new business and new customers to Long and Marshall  Achieve sales targets each month Essential Criteria  ****:**** or higher university degree in an applicable subject  Is able to demonstrate a strong desire to progress in their career by experiencing and learning new skills and situations  Has a sociable style with good drive and dedication  Have exceptional communicational and presentation skills  Ability to work independently as well as in a team  Motivation and a desire to contribute to a dynamic business  Strong planning and execution of plans skills.  Has a full valid driving license and suitable mode of transport  Ability to close sales  Ability to see tasks through to completion  Able to self manage time and effort to achieve targets  Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint  Engineering industry background Desirable Criteria  Passion to develop within a business improvement organisation so experiencing areas of business outside of sales and marketing.  Project management  Quick learner  Previous experience in a new business development role  Previous experience of the aerospace and defence industry PLEASE NO AGENCYS This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewBusinessDevelopmentManagerOTE****_job****