Title: Store Manager in East Birmingham and Coventry area
Webindex: 68700931
Company: Roc Esso
Description: Retail Store Managers required in the East Birmingham and Coventry area . ROC UK is a retail subsidiary of Esso Petroleum and operates Esso 'Snack Shop' and 'On the Run' service stations throughout the UK. We currently have vacancies for experienced Store Managers in the East Birmingham and Coventry area. . This is a retail management opportunity with a ROC solid future. After all, we're a global brand with a local plan and a wealth of investment, meaning we can offer more training, more variety and more autonomy than other Store Manager careers. With a nationwide chain of convenient 'Snack and Shop' and 'On The Run' stores, ROC caters for millions of hungry drivers every year. Best of all, we're a global market leader, so the opportunities for long term career progression and development really are limitless. An inspirational team leader, you'll ensure the freshest of foods and the friendliest of services. By building and developing your team, leading by example when it comes to enthusiasm and totally committed to customer service, you'll make sure your store stands out from the crowd. First and foremost, we're looking for a talent for really getting things done. You'll need some retail management experience or catering management experience, a strong coaching style, attentiontodetail and bags of enthusiasm, and in return you can look forward to plenty of responsibility and a real chance to progress. Must hold a current UK Driving Licence and have your own transport As a Store Manager with ROC, your day will involve • Enthusing and leading the team by personal and professional example, fully maximising team and business potential in line with company values. • Effectively managing, recruiting, training and developing the team in order to achieve store and business objectives. • Understanding, recognising and targeting customer's needs and striving to create a customer service experience which consistently fulfils their expectations. • Setting and delivering high standards of operational effectiveness ensuring a safe environment for customers and staff and minimising potential business risks and losses. • Driving business performance achieving the required standards or profit through driving sales and controlling shrinkage and cost. • Prioritising in accordance with the stores and business' needs and organising the team to achieve objectives to agreed standards within required timescales. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StoreManagerinEastBirminghamandCoventryarea_job****