Title: Recruitment Sales Executive  Havant
Webindex: 71435377
Company: Dynamite Recruitment Solutions
Description: Dynamite Recruitment Solutions has rapidly established itself as a leading local boutique recruitment consultancy. Our team are all locally renowned, high performing individuals, and we feel that our high standards, dedication and professionalism have been central to our early success. We are now keen to enhance our team and are recruiting for a Recruitment Sales Executive to develop business within our temporary division. We truly believe that we do things better, so with this in mind we are keen to appoint an individual with great sales skills, but none of the bad habits that many years within our industry could have instilled… At Dynamite, we believe in giving our team the right tools to do a first class job. This includes innovative marketing merchandise and some of the best systems available. The Role… Much of your day will be spent on a variety of sales activities which will broadly include following up leads, visiting potential clients (since sales in the recruitment sector are always built on relationships), telephone sales and some cold calling. You will also fill temporary assignments as you secure them, however you will be supported by a Resourcer to ensure your time is best spent dealing with your clients. Requirements… In order to apply you must have proven sales experience with a record of success. Recruitment experience is not essential for this role, however you should be able to demonstrate a solid employment history along with infectious enthusiasm, a natural ability to close and previous exposure to telephone cold calling. Excellent grammatical skills are essential, as is a professional telephone manner. You must be articulate, communicative and smart. The successful candidate will be supported by a highly experienced team and will benefit from a very lucrative commission scheme, great motivation incentives and other benefits. Please apply online. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentSalesExecutiveHavant_job****