Title: Account Manager  Multilingual
Webindex: 70650531
Company: Kudos Recruitment Group
Description: Do speak fluent French plus German or Spanish and have fantastic customer service skills? My client is a small company based in Havant, Hampshire with big ambitions. Over 2****13 my client is looking to expand even further in to France. With current operations in France already in high demand its no wonder they are looking for a skilled multilingual account manager to join the team. Reporting in to the General Manager you will be responsible for overseeing the management of client accounts, increase sales to meet targets, whilst sustaining the fantastic customer service that is expected. You will also be responsible for:  Liasing with both clients and suppliers.  Developing sales through incremental selling as well as crossselling where possible,  Building rapport with new and existing clients.  Maintaining accounts and keeping data up to date. They are looking for a multilingual individual who has the skills in French and ideally one other language. Further additional languages preferably including German or Spanish would certainly be an advantage. In this role customer service is key, so to be considered you must have previous experience in a customer service role. Although sales is not a direct criteria for the position a background in sales would be extremely beneficial. With the offer of a competitive salary and the chance to grow and develop a new area of the business, this is a fantastic opportunity for the right individual. So if you feel you are a skilled account manager with the drive to make this venture a success then APPLY TODAY Multilingual Account Manager  French Havant, Hampshire Salary: ****  **** (inc. commission) No terminology in the advert you have seen is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation, and we will gladly accept applications from all sections of the community. You should receive a form of response within 28 days of applying. By applying for a vacancy through Kudos People Ltd you will automatically be allocated with a unique username and password to our award winning recruitment company. To take full advantage register your details in full and access thousands of vacancies. Should you not wish to complete your registration please email cvwowcom.a****lgapiv0h8cvwow.aptrack.co This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/AccountManagerMultilingual_job****