Title: Inbound Sales Executive
Webindex: 68807725
Company: LSG
Description: INBOUND SALES EXECUTIVE  CUSTOMER SALES ADVISOR  CONTACT CENTRE AGENT No previous experience required Are you confident and outgoing? Have you always thought of getting into sales but think you need experience? Do you want a challenging but rewarding role? Due to company growth we are currently recruiting INBOUND SALES EXECUTIVES. Your role will consist of:  Delivering an excellent customer experience  Receiving incoming calls from customers who wish to cancel their insurance policy  Retaining business through providing an excellent customer experience  You will deliver agreed sales targets through treating customers fairly and ensuring a high standard of service at the same time. YOU DO NOT need sales experience however you do need the right attitude and desire to succeed, although it may be seen as an advantage if you have experience in any of the following areas: Customer Service, Sales, Retail sales, Account Management, Lead Generation, Telemarketing, Insurance, Finance, Credit Control, Leisure Industry, Banking In return you will receive: Salary **** basic plus uncapped commission Training 6 weeks intensive sales training Sales incentives; VIP sales scheme for top 12 agents  **** additional bonus Holidays 21 days per year rising to 23 days after 12 months service and increasing yearly to a maximum of 27 days Hours shifts between 8.00am and 8.00pm Monday to Sunday Lifestyle Services Group (LSG) is the biggest single provider of packaged account products and bespoke services to the retail banking sector. We also manage the largest number of mobile phone insurance customers in the UK on behalf of mobile networks and retailers. We provide products that support Mobile Life including mobile device protection, mobile security and personal protection solutions. Services we provide include brokering, underwriting, fraud investigation, supply chain management and customer administration. We are also experts in sourcing and managing lifestyle products and solutions through third party suppliers. We create products and services which are configurable so that they can be tailored to meet the needs of our partners and their customers. Based in Crewe, we are within commutable distance from StokeonTrent, NewcastleunderLyme, Staffordshire, Northwich, Congleton, Holmes Chapel, Winsford, Warrington and other areas of Cheshire. Our company values are demonstrated within our recruitment process and in every aspect of the role: Think Customer, Be Responsible, One Team, I make a Difference, Passion for Excellence, Think Future LSG is proud to treat its customers fairly If you are interested in this role, please apply to the link advised