Title: Account Executive (Personal Protective Equipment)
Webindex: 72394889
Company: Edge Recruits
Description: Account Executive (Personal Protective Equipment Sales) Based Bolton Area Covering Northwest Region ****k uncapped package including basic salary, commission & excellent Group PLC benefits package Account Executive (Personal Protective Equipment Sales) Based Bolton Area Covering Northwest Region ****k uncapped package including basic salary, commission & excellent Group PLC benefits package This is truly an outstanding opportunity to join the UK&x2019 s number one workplace services provider in an exciting sales role with genuinely great earning potential. If you have experience of selling PPE (Personal Protection Equipment & associated products) and are looking for a genuine opportunity to join a group leading PLC company, then look no further. Working from an office based in the Bolton area, you will be responsible for selling over the phone, targeting a long list of existing and historic client accounts within the region to effectively crossselling PPE products. In order to apply for this role therefore, you must reside within a sensible commute of the Bolton area and have some previous experience of selling PPE (personal protection) products. You will have a previous track record of successful selling (this can be either phone based selling or you may have previous field based PPE sales experience but be keen to return to an office based role). Excellent communication and negotiation skills along with strong powers of influence and persuasion are certainly required As this is a targeted sales role you will also be comfortable within a proactive outbound sales calling environment and react well to working under pressure. If you fit the bill, you can be assured that this is an excellent opportunity to join an IIP accredited employer A PLC Company who provide first class training and support. Therefore you will be given every chance of success from day one offering excellent long term career advancement opportunities. Please note this is an urgent requirement and first interviews are therefore being arranged at short notice for shortlisted candidates. If you feel this is your next career move, then please apply in complete confidence today. Please note that due to large volumes of applicants at present, only those successfully short listed will be contacted by Edge Recruits within **** hours. If you have not been contacted please presume you have been unsuccessful this time.