Title: SME Process Control Lead
Webindex: 68258292
Company: Npower
Description: We supply power to a broad range of SME clients nationwide. And the portfolio is growing all the time. You’ll play a pivotal role in making sure that growth is smooth and successful. Accountable for the planning, coordination and control of the endtoend SME acquisition golive process, you’ll drive our performance in many ways  from process costeffectiveness, through to the timely production of high quality gross sales, ensuring as many as possible become npower customers. Your responsibilities will span planning, control and supervision, with a focus on three key areas  process documentation, process measurement and control, and process improvement. This varied remit will encompass everything from agreeing processing SLAs, through creating a statistical process control framework and continuous closed feedback loops, to identifying, documenting and delivering change projects and continuous improvement. What’s more, you’ll be tasked with ensuring all the processes needed for a SME Quality Management System, plus valueadding reporting, are established. Recognised for your expertise, you’ll forge collaborative, challenging and respectful relationships with people across the business. We’ll expect you to bring people together, and to engage process owners around statistical data, to see that we deliver our promises to customers, shareholders and regulators alike. Qualified to degree level (or equivalent) you’ll bring to the role significant experience of controlling both standard and complex processes across contact centre or production functions. With a clear understanding of sales, contact centre metrics, cost drivers, operational/business processes, and the project lifecycle, you have a proven ability to model process scenarios and identify root causes. You’ll demonstrate problem solving skills in line with Six Sigma Black Belt or a similar quality management accreditation. Strong relationship management and presentation skills are vital. RWE npower supplies electricity and gas to millions of residential and business customers. We’re part of the RWE Group, one of Europe’s leading utilities. We generate power from coal, oil and gas, and we’ve also got a business that’s pioneering the development and use of renewable energy sources. Of course, the real energy behind our businesses is our people. For an informal discussion or for more information, please contact below. To apply, please click below This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SMEProcessControlLead_job****