Title: Business Development Manager  Live Events
Webindex: 71742755
Company: LivingSocial Limited
Description: Business Development  Live Events/Ticketing Up to ****  Uncapped Commission INTRODUCTION LivingSocial is one of the most exciting ecommerce success stories to have emerged from the past decade. Now recognised as the premium social commerce partner of choice for discerning local businesses and consumers alike, the company now employs almost **** of the most talented individuals in the industry across 20 countries worldwide. By offering our millions of global subscribers exclusive daily discounts on their favourite products, services and tailormade experiences, we have revolutionised the way that the most desirable local brands communicate with their customers. LivingSocial is now perfectly poised to continue its astonishing success and maintain its position as the premium partner to local businesses for all social commerce engagement. Our UK Operation is headquartered in our beautiful Covent Garden offices, and LivingSocial offers a variety of exciting deals in all major UK cities. JOB DESCRIPTION LivingSocial possess an enviable portfolio of clients that includes prominent global and domestic brands, midsize companies and small privately owned businesses. Our unparalleled growth, has created huge demand from our subscribers for live events nationally. Subsequently, we have begun to offer tickets to various live shows and music events, and the success of these offers means that we are looking to expand our focus on this market through the acquisition of a talented individual to headup this platform. LivingSocial are currently looking to hire a Business Development Manager with extensive experience working within the live events and ticketing space. They will be tasked with securing/managing the content on our live events platform, and driving new partnerships within Music, Theatre, Sport, Festivals and other exciting events around the UK and IE. RESPONSIBILITIES The successful Business Development Manager will have responsibility for: Building relationships with live events around the UK and IE Securing high volume ticket allocation for popular events Managing the day to day communication between LivingSocial and our event partners Acting as the first point of contact for all level of queries Educating clients on how LivingSocial works and how to maximize potential REQUIREMENTS Our Business Development Manager s possess: Significant sales experience (New business and Account Management) Recent experience within the live events and/or ticketing sector The ability to work both autonomously and to provide entrepreneurial spark to an exciting and fast growing platform Ability to work in a targeted and fastpaced environment COMPENSATION Salary, commensurate with experience. Full personal medical cover Generous company pension scheme Unparalleled opportunities for career progression.