Title: Commercial Senior Account Manager / BDM / Field Sales Executive
Webindex: 71856040
Company: Genesis Associates  Limited
Description: Role Title: Commercial Senior Account Manager Basic Salary: ******** OTE: **** They are so confident of successful candidates achieving their OTE that they may guarantee the first 3 months of OTE, which pushes guaranteed basic earnings in year one much higher. This can be secured with P****s, brag files etc. Benefits: Fully expensed company car, pension and life assurance, 23 days holiday, private healthcare, laptop, mobile phone, reward and lifestyle scheme, long service awards, childcare voucher scheme. Role Specification: This Commercial Senior Account Manager field sales role is focused on solution selling software and hardware to a massive existing client base. Account management and new business skills are essential, successful candidates will be given roughly **** live accounts allowing them to begin earning commission from day one. The company has expanded exponentially in recent years and is the mailroom equipment industry leader with a presence internationally. The firms acquisitions have developed the range of services available to clients and its growth gives fantastic opportunities for career progression as well as the chance for candidates to overachieve targets. Successful candidates will be upselling and crossselling the full outfit of mailroom equipment, from software to highvalue mail order equipment, offering new and existing clients a full solution sell to cover their mailroom needs. The highvalue mail room solutions software and hardware provides companies with large opportunities to cut costs and increase efficiency via the use of systems such as data cleansing devices. The firm has an excellent telesales unit and lead generation team, allowing successful candidates to focus on sales and the account management side of the role. The company is still expanding and candidates seeking a career with a future should really take this role seriously, past candidates placed by our firm can attest to the quality of this client and the rapid progression possibilities. Candidate Requirements: Strong sales record/evidence of achieving and beating targets Presentable candidates with excellent communication and relationship building skills Background of telecommunications/capital equipment sales, ideally: copiers, hardware, multifunctional devices, faxes, franking machines etc Strong account management and business development skills Solution sales experience Other backgrounds are considered but energy, desire and overachievement of targets are essential