Title: EBD Teaching assistant needed in North london
Webindex: 61446518
Company: Remedy Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: Teaching Assistant North London This EBD special school located in the heart of North London requires a strong and spirited experienced Youth Worker or Teaching Assistant that has previously worked within a Pupil Referral Unit or EBD setting. working ****:**** and in small groups with a very challenging EBD students. This is an EBD Learning Support Assistant role that will start January for a long term basis. EBD Learning Support Assistant with Challenging Students Long Term to Permanent Vacancy Specialist EBD (Emotional & Behavioral Difficulties) School Ideal for an experienced robust Youth Worker/or a candidate with PRU experience This highly successful EBD (Emotional & Behavioral Difficulties) school in easy reach of transport links from London requires an EBD TA to join the team. This is an ideal role and opportunity to work in an SEN EBD environment which has an enviable reputation for excellence in this area. You will relish working with an excellent team of specialist teachers (including behavior support) and LSAs who are committed to raising achievement. This role is ideal for an experienced Youth Worker or EBD Learning Support Assistant who has the experience of working within a special or mainstream school. As you will be working with very challenging students you will possess outstanding interpersonal skills, be sensitive towards the students needs with a determination to nurture enjoyment and success for the students whilst expanding their education horizons. The school has tailor made learning programmes for the individual students, you will assist with the delivery of these individualised programmes enabling students to access the National Curriculum and promote the schools commitment to inclusive education. You will be an effective communicator liaising with staff, parents and external agencies. This is a challenging yet rewarding role and will suit the right person with the right temperament and skill in handling EBD students. Must have UK experience. For more information or to arrange an interview contact Lara at Remedy