Title: FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE (fixed term contract)
Webindex: 71901413
Company: BSC Sales Specialist Ltd
Description: FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE  Appliance Manufacturing Co. (Fixed Term contract) ****k basic  performance related bonus  Car  laptop  mobile  25 days hols  pension Field based to cover Midlands Territory (Must live on patch) Our client is a hugely well established appliance manufacturing company operating on an international basis. A market leader who specialise in selling a large range of metal solutions to both domestic and trade clients. Currently seeking a driven, ambitious and highly motivated Field Sales Executive with experience of selling into distributors and retailers. All candidates must have previously worked from a home office set up with minimal supervision and possess previous territory and diary management experience. Role: A new business focused full sales cycle sales opportunity ideal for those with proven field sales experience in a similar industry. Responsible for promoting the brand, growing and developing business within your territory within both new and existing accounts, educate the clients on the full range of solutions available to them and providing product training, working towards and exceeding all set KPIs and targets, keep the internal system accurate and up to date at all times, Selling to a wide range of clients including distributors, domestic, trade both (multiple site and independents). Responsible for generating all own leads from scratch using inventive methods to build a profitable pipeline of clients including networking within the industry, internet research and cold calling face to face and over the phone. Full product training will be provided. Requirements: All applicants for this role must possess:  A proven field sales background with new business development and client account management skills.  Ideally you will have sold products to distributors, trade and retail clients within a similar industry sector.  You will be well educated (degree level or degree calibre).  Experience of working towards and achieving sales targets.  Full and valid UK driving licence (no more than **** points).  Previous diary and territory management experience.  Will be results and business orientated, IT literate, organised and productive, customer focused with good networking and negotiating skills.  Confidence and enthusiasm are key to this role as is a good work ethic, business acumen and excellent communication skills as you will be involved in presenting and demonstrating face to face.  You will be able to travel as and when required nationally and internationally and have a flexible approach to hours of work.