Title: Telesales Executive (Uncapped OTE)
Webindex: 72236821
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Telesales Executive (Uncapped OTE) Plymouth, Devon **** (OTE Uncapped) Now the largest independently owned office supplies, print and office furniture provider in the U.K. our client continues to be the favoured supplier for thousands of companies across the South West. Now part of the largest independently owned business supplies group within the industry, the business is entering a new phase of organic growth. An opportunity has now arisen for a Telesales Executive to join their team. This is the ideal role for a telesales professional with experience in a B2B environment looking to join a leading and well established company offering a highly achievable uncapped commission structure. As a Telesales Executive, you will be responsible for assisting in increasing our client's share of the office supplies, print and office furniture market within the Devon and the Cornwall region. Additionally, you will develop new business and increase individual sales through promotional activities and link selling and upselling. You will aim to reach and exceed set targets and prospect for new sales opportunities. To be considered for this role, you must have:  At least six months' telesales experience in a business to business (B2B) environment  Demonstrable competency with MS packages particularly Word and Excel Additionally, as a Telesales Executive, you must be an ambitious and results orientated professional with the drive to hit and exceed daily, weekly and monthly expectations. You must have a strong work ethic with the ability to manage your time and productivity. Excellent telephone etiquette and exceptional interpersonal and communication skills are also key. To apply for the role of Telesales Executive, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Telesales Executive, Telemarketing Executive, Telesales Advisor, Telemarketing Advisor, Sales Representative, Outbound Sales Executive, Sales Advisor, Telesales Representative, Inbound Sales Advisor, Inside Sales Executive, Junior Sales Executive, Trainee Sales Executive. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TelesalesExecutiveUncappedOTE_job****