Title: Sales Executive / Outbound Sales (B2B), ****k OTE
Webindex: 68819327
Company: EasyWebRecruitment
Description: Sales Executive / Outbound Sales (B2B), ****k OTE Established in 1992, our client specialises in providing workforce management solutions to the recruitment market and have a proven track record of success and exceptional financial stability. A founder member of FCSA they were voted Best Umbrella Company four times by readers of Contractor UK. They always aim to pioneer sector firsts and their leading edge technology helps them to provide their clients with outstanding levels of accuracy, accountability, transparency and process efficiency. They are now looking to expand their coverage in many of their market sectors and have fantastic opportunity for a Telesales Business Development person to join their entrepreneurial company Position: New Business Development Manager Location: Central / West London (nearest tube: Holborn / Tottenham Court Road) Salary: ****k****k plus OTE ****k uncapped Benefits: up to 5% pension contribution, season ticket loan, life insurance and 23 days initial holiday entitlement, rising by one day each year to a maximum of 26 days ROLE: Operating primarily in the fast paced employment agency and temporary workers market, our client s robust software and excellent customer service has enabled them to lead the field in providing payroll and outsourced business solutions. Based in their sales team in central London, the Outbound Sales Executive will be an enthusiastic, ambitious and results orientated sales person, used to identifying, cold calling and closing new customers. The role will concentrate on selling their bespoke range of products, services and solutions to recruitment agencies and corporate clients over the phone. As well as developing contacts at all levels within their business prospects, the successful candidate will generate some of their own new leads and be a dedicated account manager to some of the existing clients and clients they bring on board to sustain the relationship and ensure business growth from within. SKILLS/EXPERIENCE a) At least 1 year s direct sales experience with proven target achievement. b) Experienced in identifying, calling and closing new customers. c) The role would suit an outgoing, tenacious, selfmotivated and committed individual who thrives on closing business. d) Excellent communication and organisation skills are essential as is a proven track record of generating successful and sustained business relationships in a sales capacity. You may have experience in the following roles: Telesales Executive, Software Sales, Telemarketing Representative, Recruitment Sales, Software Lead Generation, Internal Account Manager, Indirect Sales, Recruitment Agency Sales, Business Development, Back Office Software Sales, Recruitment Sales Account Manager, Recruitment Telesales, Outbound Sales Executive, etc. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency. Ref: EWR