Title: Loans Processor
Webindex: 71846814
Company: Randstad Business Support
Description: Job title: Loans Processor Location: South Manchester Sector: Finance Salary: **** 22,000 My client is a market leading lender of secured loans. They are currently looking to recruit a Secured Loan Processor to be based in their prestigious new offices. This is an exciting new opportunity with excellent career progression and stability to join a company that is going through a great period of expansion. In addition, you will benefit from an attractive role and benefits package. Job Responsibilities: As a Secured Loans Processor, you will be responsible for:  Preparation and distribution of appropriate application/ documentation pack to clients.  Regular client and third party contact to chase all the relevant documentation including signed application, payslips, BSQ?s, valuations, land registry searches etc.  Dealing efficiently with daily post received for each client case to ensure efficient customer service.  Understanding and interpreting credit profile information  Understanding and interpreting Land Registry searches  Maintaining a detailed understanding of lender secured personal loan products.  Refer regulated queries to the advisor.  Packaging client cases and sending them to the lender for efficient approval and pay out  Appropriate handling of cases that are not proceeding and have been declined Personal Attributes:  Excellent oral and written communication skills  2 years experience in a Secured Loan processing environment  Strong customer focus  Highly organised  Ability to prioritise and manage own workload and routine processes Personal Attributes:  Highly empathetic and excellent listener  Have passion, dedication and enthusiasm  Be an excellent team worker  Excellent communication skills, displaying diplomacy, tact and confidentially.  Be able to demonstrate business awareness  Highly organised and able to prioritise tasks.  Displays a positive attitude and willingness to learn.  A highly resilient attitude, with the ability to perform under pressure Skills:  2 years experience in a Secured Loan processing environment  Experience of dealing with customers, brokers and **** parties This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/LoansProcessor_job****