Title: Media Telesales Executive – Multimedia Company
Webindex: 72446878
Company: BSC Sales Specialists
Description: Media Telesales Executive – Multimedia Company ****k basic  Uncapped OTE (Realistic ****k)  Training provided Cheshire location Hours of work: Monday – Friday 9am – 5pm Ideal for graduates or graduate calibre candidates seeking a career within a fast based business to business telesales role or more experienced telesales candidates that are seeking a financially rewarding sales role within a well reputable publishing company Company Our client is a well established multimedia / digital agency based in the Cheshire that provides a range of niche services into a national client base. Currently recruiting business to business telesales executives / recent graduates wanting a sales career. Role As a Media Telesales Executive working on a new publication within the company you will be responsible for selling advertising space via outbound cold calling activity within a specialist publication primarily dealing with business to business clients. As a proactive sales candidate you will have a passion for developing new business over the telephone to promote the companies full range of advertising services. This is a full cycle, proactive and consultative business to business telesales role which requires the use of effective questioning techniques to conduct a thorough fact find in order to recommend suitable packages to work in line with client’s budgets and requirements. A 100% phone based sales role. An excellent opportunity for those wanting to join a well established organisation that is committed to their clients and employees. THE PERSON To be considered for this role you will be: A graduate / gradate calibre candidate who has a passion for sales and ambitions to get into a fast paced media sales role within a professional company. OR Individuals with previous full cycle business to business sales experience within a consultative environment. Excellent rapport building skills alongside the ability to source and develop new business sales opportunities via cold calling. Must be a strong team player capable of working to both individual and team sales targets within a close knit sales team environment Requires a strong work ethic, must be naturally reliable, driven, hard working, punctual etc. You will be a consultative sales professional with the ability to build relationships and offer tailor made solutions to best suit the client’s requirements. Results driven, hardworking and determined to achieve in a fast paced environment. If you are interested in being considered for this opportunity please forward your CV to infobscrecruitment.com quoting reference code **** and highlighting all relevant skills and experience. Suitable candidates will be contacted and full vacancy details will be disclosed before any formal applications are made. Please note that BSC are specialist a recruitment agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MediaTelesalesExecutiveMultimediaCompany_job****