Title: Business Development Manager  Google Partner Digital Agency
Webindex: 68815066
Company: RecruitmentRevolution.com
Description: Digital Business Development Manager  Leading South East Digital Agency  Google Partner**** **** Basic  (OTE ****Uncapped) Datchet / Slough  BerkshireAbout You: You're a skilled networker and door opener with a natural flair for developing long lasting and successful business relationships. A new year is approaching and you're ready for a new challenge, one that is rewarding, constantly evolving and FUN OH and you are also crazy about all things DIGITAL, web trends, Apps, ecommerce platforms  you name it, and you know that Penguin and Panda relate to Google's search algorithm and not the latest residents at London Zoo. The Opportunity: This is a great opportunity to work within a dynamic and widely respected digital agency that boasts an impressive portfolio of globally recognised brands. And there will be NO cold calling required for this role  all leads are hot In fact, as a long term Google partner they pass them straight to us, pretty cool huh? Who we are: We are a leading south east digital agency – the home of creative, digital and webconversion masters (We’re also a RAR and WireHive top voted agency) One of only a handful of agencies in the UK to be Quadruple Certified by Google we have an unrivalled reputation for creating cuttingedge, usercentreddesign and conversion driven work for major brands including L’Oreal, Eurotunnel, Radisson Edwardian Hotels, Akzo Nobel and Mizuno Golf. Over the past 10 years we have developed a strong family like team and we want you to join us Who we are looking for: The Digital New Business Manager we are looking for will be able to demonstrate innovative thinking and have bags of confidence, the ability to think on their own feet and demonstrate exceptional communication and written skills. You will be responsible for pitching to prospective clients, preparing project timescales, preparing budgets, including written proposals. There is scope to work on marketing materials and events. There will be no cold calling required for this role, all leads are hot (Did we mention that already?) Essential skills: > Experience in a similar environment, ideally for a digital agency> Super organised, confident, empathetic, and motivational > Being fascinated by all things digital  that means keeping uptodate with technology, web and creative trends and digital marketing (PPC/SEO) and Ecommerce > Excellent written skills> Excellent communication skills Bonus Skills: > Experience in PR and marketing – there will be license to improve our materials and organise events> Experience in Digital Project Management or Account Management> Any web design, development or internet marketing skills To get the role… There will be **** interviews, one to include a presentation. Let's do this. Good luck