Title: CUSTOMER ADVISOR / CAR SALES
Webindex: 68807754
Company: TQR
Description: Position: Customer Advisor / Car Sales Location: Barnstaple Salary: ****  Bonus This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Customer Sales Advisor to join a growing and highly successful Barnstaple motor centre selling high profile brand vehicles. This is a busy and challenging role that will cover selling of new and used vehicles and also assisting on the service desk. The right person will have outstanding customer service skills coupled with very strong sales skills. If you have proven sales skills and a positive can do attitude, coupled with excellent customer service skills and a real can do attitude then we would like to hear from you. About the job. This is a rare opportunity to join this highly successful company. Working in a small team of dedicated motor sales professionals you will have the opportunity to use your already excellent customer skills providing the highest levels of customer care within a very busy motor centre. The day to day duties will be varied but will include:  Dealing with customers over the phone and face to face  The sales process, prospective and followup procedure  Keeping up to date with new models and recent improvements  Dealing with vehicle problems, repair and warranty procedure  Having up to date knowledge of competitor s products and services  Using the inhouse computer systems  Working knowledge of general office equipment  Understanding of retail and wholesale standards and how to apply them  Local, national and where possible European regulations and legislation relevant to the motor industry; consumer law, trade practices etc  General customer handling techniques and assistance in handling customer disputes  Following approved established procedures for conducting service, repairs MOT  The vehicle problems, repair warranty procedure  Completion of customer / vehicle job instruction cards The right person.  You will need previous experience in sales and customer service both face to face and over the phone.  Behave in a smart and business like manner  Mathematical skills and understanding of monetary transactions  Experience in the motor trade helpful but not essential.  Have the desire to provide first class customer service and have a real can do attitude.  Excellent communication skills are essential and the ability to listen to customers needs.  You will also be computer literate and have a full clean driving licence. The rewards.  Basic salary of **** per annum plus commission (OTE c****K) and Company Car  Contribution based pension scheme  22 days holiday  bank holidays  Hours: Monday to Friday 8.30am  5.30pm Saturdays 8.30am  5.00pm (half day in lieu of working Saturday) If you are interested in the exciting opportunity please email your CV to clairetqr.co.uk or call Claire on **** ****