Title: Field Sales Engineer – Electronic Components  Home Based
Webindex: 68374176
Company: System Recruitment
Description: Field Sales Engineer – Electronic Components Job Type: Permanent Location: Home based, Northern England Salary: Up to **** basic, OTE **** Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Benefits: Car, Health Reference: SENGSENORTH My client is an established importer / distributor of electronic components and other industrial products from Asia. They require a seasoned Sales Engineer to develop the South of England territory. The ideal candidate will be home based living in Northern England or willing to relocate. Reporting to the Managing Director your key Responsibilities will be sales responsibility for the territory to New & Existing Customers to achieve growth. It is expected that you will visit qualified customers & prospects, normally 4 days per week with **** day at home for planning & admin. You will be required to attend Monthly Review Meetings with management at the office in London. You will be expected to provide visit reports to the office on a daily basis via the CRM system, carry out sales initiatives including ‘cold calls’ to promote products to potential customers, develop relationships at decision level of major customers and prospects, manage customers & prospects closely to ensure competitiveness of the company’s quotations and attend exhibitions as required. You will be a seasoned Sales Professional, with at least **** to 5 years solid field sales experience with a background in electronic components, plastic and rubber industrial components, metal parts. The role will suit individuals currently working as a Sales Engineer, Sales Executive, Business Development Manager, Sales Account Manager and living within a commutable distance of Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, York, Newcastle, Bolton, Preston, Sunderland, Sheffield or willing to relocate. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value.