Title: Formwork/Falsework  Construction Sales Manager  Midlands
Webindex: 68688155
Company: Hammond Recruitment
Description: Formwork/Falsework  Construction Sales Manager  Midlands My client are one of the world's leading manufacturers and suppliers of formwork and falsework systems to the construction industry. To further their success we are looking for several Sales Managers throughout the UK. We now have an urgent requirement for several regional sales managers with and without people management experience to grow the Midlands areas within the UK. The candidate must have a proven sales background within formwork, Falsework or shoring products. The successful applicants would be responsible for developing both new and existing accounts and should be ambitious, possessing good communication and contract management skills together with a strong commercial acumen. We offer an excellent earnings package, commensurate with the responsibility attached to the position, with inhouse and external training together with the support of a highly successful and motivated team. If you believe you have the right experience and qualifications please forward your CV. Hammond Recruitment currently has positions for staff of all disciplines and all UK Locations. If you are currently looking for work Hammond Recruitment may be able to assist you. Salary: ****k No Commission ceiling but minimum OTE  **** Car Chosen from a rental list Private health care provided family can be added 20 days additional 5 days during Christmas shutdown Lap Top and PDA provided Region currently turning over 1.75m per annum For further vacancies please visit our website. Hammondrecruitment or contact me on andy(at)hrguk.com If you believe you have the right experience and qualifications please forward your CV If this position is NOT right for you, still forward your CV as a separate application. We specialise in many industries and have a number of other positions that maybe more suitable for your background. All communication will be treated confidentiality. Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FormworkFalseworkConstructionSalesManagerMidlands_job****