Title: NEW VACANCY Internal Account Manager Swansea
Webindex: 69004520
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Company: Our client has a fantastic brand new vacancy available to join an established and renowned organisation. You will specialise in market leading IT Solutions and Services to businesses across the UK. This company has an excellent reputation and offer an extremely friendly and team orientated environment. Due to continual growth, there is now the opportunity to join their expanding and lively sales team. In turn, you will enjoy working for a company that offer ample support and incentives, as well as fantastic career growth. Responsibilities: You will be in charge of finding and developing new business opportunities. Developing the full sales cycle, you will manage account relationships and provide excellent customer service. This is a fantastic opportunity to further your Account Management career and work towards sales targets to dramatically enhance your earning potential. Requirements: You will require experience working within an IT Sales position so that you have a good understanding of technologies. You will need to have a meticulous attitude and specific attention to detail. Your role will vary so you will need to have good time management skills and be able to work well within a team environment. Benefits: You will enjoy working for a growing company within an established and stable position. You will have a level of autonomy to manage your diary effectively and meet your customer requirements. There will be a competitive salary on offer, with ongoing pay reviews, and opportunities to enhance your career further. In turn, there are also phenomenal incentives on offer to employees within this organisation, so please apply immediately to Gemma Bubb . Alternatively, you can contact Gemma on **** to discuss further opportunities. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions