Title: Sales Trainer  Technology
Webindex: 68679189
Company: Greenhill Group Ltd
Description: Hitech manufacturer is providing a unique position for a Sales Trainer to develop and deliver commercial training to global sales teams. Sales Trainer  Technology  Cambridge **** Basic  Bonus  Excellent Benefits  12334MG Our client is a reputable manufacturer of high quality coders and printers, offering their services on a global scale to multinational corporations. They are searching for a Sales Trainer to provide expert sales training in their newly created Training Academy with the vision of providing world class training on the full range of their solutions and benefits. Working closely with the Commercial Manager in the Sales Channel Development department you will be predominantly responsible for ensuring their Sales Professionals have the training solutions to improve their selling skills and competencies. In addition to this you will be expected to undertake the following responsibilities:  Creation and development of commercial training.  Develop and deliver training programs.  Create, manage and maintain Performance Plus for Sales.  Align product training to the skills that the sales teams use including SPIN, and other high performance selling techniques. The successful candidate will be an experienced trainer from a sales and manufacturing or technical printing background. You will be animated, engaging and also possess the following skills and attributes:  Face to face and virtual training skills (virtual classroom/WebEx).  Relevant business and market knowledge.  Great interpersonal skills.  Happy to travel internationally. In return, our client is offering a basic salary range of **** to **** plus company bonus and excellent company benefits. This position also provides numerous opportunities to develop within the company. If you feel your skills meet the requirements for this Sales Trainer position and you`d like to be considered for the role, apply today. Why not refer a friend for ****? terms and conditions apply Greenhill Group is a Sales, Marketing and Publishing consultancy who operate within East Anglia. Therefore we will only accept applications from candidates who have permanent residency in the UK. Candidates who do not meet this criteria need not apply. If we do not contact you within one week of your application, unfortunately we are not able to assist you in your search for employment at the present time. Greenhill Group only advertise a small proportion of sales, marketing publishing roles on this site. Please take a look at our website or contact us, in confidence, to discuss other opportunities with our experienced sales marketing consultants. Specialties: Sales Recruitment, Sales Executive, Field Sales, External Sales, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Account Manager, Account Executive, Existing Business, Business Development, New Business, Internal Sales, Telesales, Telemarketing, Project Manager, IT sales, Sales Admin, Sales Support, Channel sales, Partner Manager. Product Manager. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesTrainerTechnology_job****