Title: Sales Executive / Field Sales / Area Sales
Webindex: 69635682
Company: BlueTown Online
Description: Job Title: Sales Executive / Field Sales / Area Sales Location: Field Based  Covering Eastern Surrey (Walton on Thames, Epsom, Banstead, Reigate) Salary: Up to **** plus Company Car, Laptop, Blackberry and Bonus Our client is the UK`s leading independent educational resource supplier. For over 190 years they have been providing schools, colleges and nurseries with everything from curriculum resources and art craft materials, to furniture and facilities management supplies. Our clients wide portfolio of brands includes some of the most recognised names in the industry. Their best in class product range and customer service make us stand out from the crowd. All of this makes us the choice for educational resources. Due to continued growth, we now have a fantastic opportunity for an experienced sales professional to contribute successfully to our large customer base by developing and maintaining solid relationships within a designated territory. Using effective account management, you will focus directly on client needs and objectives to ensure maximum revenue generation and customer satisfaction. You will actively promote our clients products to new and existing accounts, conducting business in a professional and friendly manner. They are looking for a tenacious and resultsdriven character, who has a proven passion for sales and is extremely customerfocused. Educated to GCSE level or equivalent, you will need to have solid IT skills, in particular, a proficiency in Microsoft Office, coupled with excellent communication skills. A keen negotiator, a flair for presentation is a must, to really thrive in this challenging, yet exciting role. To Apply for the role click on the APPLY button to send your CV for this role. (Keywords: Field Sales, Area Sales, Business Development, Business Development Manager, Sales executive, Sales agent, BDM, Territory Sales, Sales, B2B Sales, Business to Business Sales) This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveFieldSalesAreaSales_job****