Title: Sales Consultant  Fulham
Webindex: 68082946
Company: Orange Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Sales Consultant Reports to: Manager Staff Responsibilities: None Hours of work: 900am to 600pm Monday to Friday and 1000am to 100pm Saturday with one Saturday off per month by arrangement with the showroom manager. Salary Range: Basic salary of ****  **** p.a. plus commission on sales generated personally. Summary of Position:  To attend to customer purchase requirements from showroom walk ins, referrals from Real Flame or other retailers, telephone, and email enquiries for the purchase of all goods and services provided by the Company. Primary Responsibilities  To responsibly sell goods and services to customers after taking enquiries and following them through to close of sale.  To take payment for goods and services sold to customers prior to their delivery except where expressly authorised by the manager or a director.  To maintain the showroom display in good order at all times by direction of the manager.  To attend trade shows and exhibitions as requested by the manager.  To prepare estimates for sales and installations of all products and follow through to close of sale.  To cultivate contacts as specifiers such as architects, designers and developers for sales purposes.  To maintain the security and safety of the showroom premises when closed for business in accordance with directions from the manager.  To attend the needs of the company`s retailers when their clients are sent to the showroom by them.  To support the manager when he is not in the showroom and send information to him or clients at his request.  To follow up leads generated by email campaigns to specifiers etc. Personal Specification Qualifications Training: Essential:  High standard of English Language spoken written  Computer literacy  Competence in Microsoft Office Programmes  Internet competence  Manual driving licence valid in UK Desirable:  Other European languages  Architectural plans Experience: Essential:  Selling to retail customers from a shop/showroom environment Desirable:  Selling technical products and services  House home interior design Qualities and Attitude: Essential:  Tenacity, positiveness, honesty, smart appearance, charm, good people, social and sales skills, punctuality. Desirable:  Managing people Product Knowledge: Essential:  EcoSmart, Mensa Heating and Heat Strip products and all accessories All services offered and how to provide them Desirable:  London geography Competencies (see Interview Guidance Notes):  Effective Communication Impact  Performance Management Development  Internal External Customer Focus  Leadership Motivation  Commercial Business Awareness  Working with Others / Teamwork  Continuous Improvement  Proactive Approach  Problem Solving, Judgement Decision Making  Planning, Organising Project Management This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesConsultantFulham_job****