Title: Account Development Manager
Webindex: 67639232
Company: Response Web Recruitment
Description: Account Development Manager Based in Glasgow Salary up to ****  Excellent Benefits inc. Pension, Company Car s leading manufacturers of desserts is currently looking to recruit a dynamic and intelligent Account Development Manager. Working from the company base in Glasgow, you would be responsible for managing a number of accounts as well as developing new business opportunities within the Foodservice and Retail Catering sectors. This is a fantastic opportunity for a resourceful and ambitious Sales professional to develop their career with a dynamic and innovative business. The company have been a market leader in the manufacture of desserts for the Foodservice market for over 40 years and have developed an excellent reputation for consistently high standards of service and product quality. Reporting to the Sales Director, you will be tasked with maximising revenue from existing as well as new client accounts. You will formulate, agree and implement business development plans for assigned accounts, working to establish close relationships with your clients and ensuring revenue for each account is maximised and national growth plans are met. Regular visits to customer sites throughout the UK will be required in order to present to them and manage relationships effectively. The ideal candidate for the role will be an ambitious and intelligent individual looking for an opportunity to develop their sales career within a leading global business. You must have experience managing a portfolio of accounts in a fieldbased capacity, and must be able to demonstrate a proven track record of meeting and exceeding revenue and activity targets. Knowledge of and experience within the Foodservice and/or Retail Catering would be a huge advantage. You will be a personable and wellpresented individual with excellent communication skills, able to build effective relationships with both colleagues and clients. You will be well organised, able to plan your own diary and use your time in the most efficient way possible. Frequent travel will be a key part of your role so a flexible attitude towards your work will be required, as will a full and clean driving licence. Offering a competitive salary plus excellent benefits this is a great chance to join a leading business. If you d like to be considered for the Account Development Manager role please send us a CV and covering letter stating reference AUL**** This role may be suitable for you if you have a background in any of the following: Field Sales Manager, Area Sales Manager, Territory Manager, Area Manager, Field Sales Representative, Business Development Manager, Field Sales Consultant, Account Manager, Key Account Manager, New Business Consultant. This job would be suitable for candidates based in: Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock, East Kilbride, Hamilton, Airdire, Falkirk, Stirling, Alloa, Livingston, Edinburgh, Dunfermline