Title: Internal Sales / Telesales
Webindex: 68596125
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Job Role: This is an excellent opportunity for those who enjoy business to business sales for the UKs leading provider of labour market intelligence. Based in the companys Cardiff office, this role offers a competitive basic salary with great on target earning potential. You will be working to targets based on demonstrations given via webinar meetings and revenue generated against the corporate business plan. Key Objectives Generate new business revenue in to the business against sales targets through a mixture of cold calling, marketing campaigns, inbound enquiries. Your sales approach will ensure the customer is put first and you will be relentless in understanding the needs of our potential clients. Be adaptable and flexible enough to utilise multiple sales approaches to close a deal. You will have a disciplined and selfmotivated approach to the way you work, ensuring that each day is productive, well organised and every opportunity to sell is used to its absolute potential. To work to the company sales guidelines Essential Criteria: Excellent communication skills Good organisational skills Good interpersonal skills Recruitment experience essential Over 2 years of b2b sales experience Demonstrable, consistent, overachievement of sales targets An intrinsic hunger for personal and company success combined with a great personality You must be a results focused, money motivated and enthusiastic professional with a `can do` attitude and a passion for sales. Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook essential Use of CRM system Salesforce beneficial Personal Attributes Thrive under pressure Passionate Driven Shows Initiative Able to provide solutions not problems Relentless focus on assigned daily tasks and key objectives (targets) About the Company: Innovantage has been a pioneer provider of realtime employment market intelligence since **** Today, we work closely with the UKs leading recruitment consultancies, job boards and employers revolutionising the way they track customer, candidate and competitor online recruitment activity. Weve worked hard to win our marketleading position, but were not complacent. Our continual investment in research and development has created the most advanced web mining capabilities, the most insightful reporting and the most powerful strategic partnerships. Our culture is to work hard using the latest and most relevant technologies and to have lots of fun while doing it We believe passionately in building and delivering truly gamechanging software to our customers.