Title: Regional Sales Account Manager
Webindex: 67638994
Company: Simplified Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Regional Sales Account Manager Salary: 18k basic, OTE earning circa **** uncapped, with Company Car/Allowance, Laptop, Iphone Location: West Midlands s leading bus advertising providers, our client is an independent business with a wellestablished customer base and a dedicated team of passionate and creative people who love what they do. The Role As a Regional Sales Account Manager you will take the lead on new business and client management across your own portfolio of bus fleets / accounts. You will be expected to exceed the company s realistic growth targets as well as deliver a consultative and professional service to new and existing customers. You will work closely with your Sales Manager to develop strong strategic partnerships with local/regional businesses and organisations and you will be tasked driving new business revenue and identifying commercial opportunities. You will also interact regularly with the creative team to ensure campaigns are delivered accurately to customer requirements and within set timescales. This is a highly varied role where you will be pitching to a diverse array of prospects and customers alike. The Candidate To be considered for this role you should be tenacious and resilient and have a passion for working within the media industry. You should have demonstrable skills of working with Outlook and Microsoft office. You will be expected to be able to liaise with multidisciplined departments with high integrity and ability. The expectation of you will be to drive new business with a highly strategic and solutions based approach. Comprehensive sales and product training will be provided so previous experience in a sales environment is not essential. You should be confident in approaching new business contacts and have the ability to network effectively. Excellent communications skills are required as you will be working closely with all internal and external teams as well as senior staff to deliver for your concessionaires and customers. The ideal candidate will be proactive, creative and have an innovative way of approaching challenging tasks. They are looking for an individual who s ambitious and wants to develop their career in media sales this is your opportunity to make a valuable impact to their already very successful team. Applications must be received no later than Monday 11th February 2013. Interviews will be held on Monday 18th February in Nottingham