Title: Senior Recruitment Consultant  Oil and Gas, Houston, Texas
Webindex: 72439885
Company: PFJ
Description: Senior Recruitment Consultant Oil and Gas Recruitment Houston, Texas Salary to ****k  excellent comms and benefits package, assistance with relocation The Role Working within the Oil and Gas Capital of the World and reporting to the Recruitment Manager, This is a 360 degree recruitment role involving a combination of Business Development and Account Management within a vertical market of Oil and Gas. You will be required to proactively develop new and expand upon existing relationships with Oil and Gas companies on a global basis. The Company With regional headquarters in the UK, USA, Middle East and Asia Pacific regions, This well reputed Recruitment Consultancy has operational experience in over 50 countries worldwide. Employing over **** consultants globally and with turnover in excess of US200 million, they are also preferred supplier to most of the largest global petroleum companies, in addition to several other regional and international EPC companies in support of their global technical staffing needs. You will be based within the buzzy Houston office which is the hub of their American operations and contributes around 40% towards their total global revenue. With a 'soft' culture and friendly working environment, this company really look after their employees resulting in an impressive record for retaining staff. Employees are rewarded with a market leading commission structure ensuring an impressive OTE, company benefits and a good work life balance. With a network of offices spanning most global locations, opportunities to move within the group internationally are readily available. Your Profile Ideally you will have a background in Oil and Gas, Construction or Engineering recruitment, although other technical sectors may be considered. Most importantly you will have some knowledge of engineering or desire to work within the buoyant Oil and Gas sector. You will be a credible, eloquent consultant who is entrepreneurial and self starting. This role will have a big client facing element so it is imperative that you are well presented and confident on a face to face basis. You will be ready and committed to taking your career overseas, perhaps having travelled or worked abroad previously. Contact Name Telephone Number Don't miss out on this rare and fabulous opportunity to develop your recruitment career overseas. Call Caroline now on **** **** or email your CV through this website. Due to the volume of applications received, unfortunately only suitable applicants can be contacted. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorRecruitmentConsultantOilandGasHoustonTexas_job****