Title: Digital Media Account Manager
Webindex: 68099031
Company: Euro London Appointments   London
Description: Are you an excellent media salesprofessional a proven partnership grower Are you looking to do more than hammer the phones allday? My client, a growing B2B IT Publisher with offices across the world, is looking to hire a Digital Media Sales Account Manager to join their collaborative team in central London. They boast an impressive portfolio of clients, including Microsoft, IBM and Dell, along with most of the largest international media agencies. This role will involve 80% account management and 20% new business development, and you'll spend much of your day growing new and existing partnerships, taking clients to lavish lunches around the capital and building lasting relationships with key decision makers. This is an unusually consultative sell  and my client has a sterling reputation in the industry, which gives them huge credibility even before they even pick up the phone. The sales team remains a small, but sociable and very friendly bunch, and the company boasts exceptionally low levels of staff turnover, due to the excellent working environment on offer. Start date: ASAP Responsibilities: Work with sales team to devise strategy; creating new ideas and opportunities around the existing portfolio. Meet and present to key international agencies Develop and understand organisational flow charts Turn briefs into competitive proposals Ggenerate a consistent pipeline of business Maintain and run relationships as a consultative Account Manager Attend client entertainment events, both in the day and sometimes during evenings. Participate and create a positive environment in the office Liaise with various internal stakeholders over different client requirements Previous sales experience in online media/digital advertising sector Proven track record of hitting/exceeding targets  a hardworker Knowledge of agency sales process Experience engaging with varying stakeholders  the ability to adapt to different decision maker styles successfully Teamfocused  someone looking for a collaborative environment is key Knowledge of/interest in IT sector Of graduate calibre Fluent English. Additional language skills in French or German would be advantageous, though not essential. Right to work without restriction in the UK Able to travel occasionally Great rewards for the right candidate  c. ****k  negotiable OTE EURO LONDON APPOINTMENTS  THE LARGEST INDEPENDENT LANGUAGE CONSULTANCY IN THE UK Celebrating 22 years of International Multilingual Recruitment Success Whether you're looking for a position utilising your multilingual skills or seeking a new hire with fluency in key languages, you're in the right place. And whether your need is permanent or temporary, we can deliver the right solution. Euro London Appointments is the largest independent language recruitment consultancy in Europe and has offices in London, Windsor, Manchester, Paris, Frankfurt, Munich, Dsseldorf, Luxembourg and Zurich. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalMediaAccountManager_job****