Title: Recruitment Consultant or Trainee in Leicester
Webindex: 69002201
Company: TeacherActive
Description: TeacherActive is continuing its growth in Leicester and an opportunity has arisen for a recruitment consultant. As one of the leading education recruitment agencies, we are continually driven to succeed. We re ambitious for our staff and our energy and dynamism means we ve got an unbeaten track record of building highly successful careers. We are looking for someone with a similar resultsfocussed mentality to us who can join our hugely successful team. You ll need: Relentless energy and commitment and an unshakeable desire to succeed An ability to build loyalty and trust by building strong professional relationships An ability to listen and ask the right questions to gain insight and develop business. If you are someone who can find a way of making it work, no matter what challenges the day throws at you, we d be interested in talking to you. TeacherActive puts its employees at the heart of its business processes, with a collaborative approach to career development and selfimprovement. This is a culture of nurturing employees to develop themselves as far as they want, encouraging personal development and rewarding you en route. Our cuttingedge systems, tools and technology give our consultants everything they need to support then in getting the job done right. We are renowned for rewarding our staff exceptionally well, both financially and personally. Our staff loyalty and the dynamic, supportive working environment comes from us selecting carefully which people we want to work with us and mutually committing to success. We have a reputation for developing the strongest consultants in our market, with TeacherActive consultants dominating over other agencies in their regions and earnings far in excess of any other agency by way of reward. Our industryleading one to one training will give you all the opportunities available to our top consultants and mean that it s up to you how far you want to take your success. TeacherActive appeared in the Sunday Times Fast Track **** fastest growing companies in the UK. If you d like to be part of our success story, email your CV in strictest confidence to or speak to Lian Levy on (Apply online only)