Title: Seo Link Builder  Online
Webindex: 71170841
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Seo Link Builder  Online ****  **** Our client a leading publisher and Europe's largest digital specialist multimedia groups and provider of market leading websites, is currently looking for a SEO Link Builder to join their prestigious team based in their South West London offices. As SEO Link Builder, you will be responsible for developing quality links for various sites for our client and therefore you will have extensive knowledge with Link Building experience and a wide understanding of online disciplines, predominantly in SEO and Social Media. You will be a strategic individual with a strong grasp of Web Analytics and using analytics systems ideally Omuiture and advanced search operators will be required. Experience of online analytics and the capability to interrogate data to drive consumer insights and demonstrate value would be beneficial. You will be passionate and driven with the goal to succeed and achieve results. With enthusiasm and a proactive manner you will attend to clients needs with an assertive and effective attitude. If you have the skills and want to be part of an exciting and fast pace media company, apply now. Key Responsibilities of the SEO Link Builder include: . Building quality links for various sites . Ability to interrogates data to drive consumer insights and demonstrate value . An understanding of web analytical and experience using analytical systems ideally Omuiture . Maintenance and Support of internal Systems . Development and management of website . Liaising and working closely with other major internal departments in order to build and grow the business further . Developing and generating new business as a way to create new opportunities for the company . Attending weekly meetings and briefings to report on the progress of the business Qualities we're looking for in the SEO Link Builder include: . A proven track record within a similar media role (advantageous) . Strong understanding of Search ranking factors . Experience in developing link building strategies . Experience in Backlink Analysis via LinkScape and Majestic SEO . An understanding of advanced search operatiors . Experience of using social media for link building . Analytic and strategic mindset . High level of PC literacy, HTML,MS Office and project management software skills . Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal . A solid ability to work at all levels, . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focussed . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeoLinkBuilderOnline_job****