Title: Sales Engineer : Automation and Control
Webindex: 69556227
Company: On Target Recruitment Ltd
Description: Knowledge of PLCs, VSDs, electrical actuators Job Title: Sales Engineer : Automation and Control Sector: Engineering Niche: Industrial Automation, motion control, process instrumentation Selling: PLCs and related automation equipment Selling To: End users, OEMs, panel builders and systems integrators Territory: West Sussex Package: &**** ****k basic, Pension, Healthcare, Car Consultant: Rob Gaines Company Info: ? Global leading industrial automation and motion control supplier ? Established 60 years ? A specialist within PLC?s, SCADA and VSD technology market sector Sales Engineer: Role Information: ? Sales Engineer is a home based role and will cover West Sussex ? Selling PLC?s/industrial automation and process instrumentation solutions ? Targeting a mix of OEM, end user and system integrator companies Requirements: Sales Engineer: MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? Specific experience within industrial automation or process instrumentation market sectors ? An appreciation of the UK automation sector. Understanding of the OEM, End User and System Integrator routetomarkets ? Knowledge of PLCs, VSDs, electrical actuators Sales Engineer: IDEALLY WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? An engineering qualification, preferable electrical/electronic engineering at HNC/HND level or higher ? Automation systems sales experience however candidates with no sales experience but an extensive technical knowledge of automation will be considered Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. On Target Recruitment, now recognised as one of the UK?s leading sales recruiters, has achieved significant organic growth since it?s inception in **** The development of specialist teams each focusing in the key markets of Construction sales recruitment, Engineering sales recruitment and Commercial sales recruitment, has enabled our consultants to become experts in their field. Roles our sector based teams recruit for include sales executive jobs, area sales manager jobs, sales engineer jobs, na