Title: Senior Delegate Sales Manager (Energy Portfolio)
Webindex: 70262863
Company: TTCS RECRUITMENT
Description: A unique opportunity to join the management team of a top global business to business events company. This brand new role gives you the chance to capitalise on your existing delegate sales management success by taking the next step in your career to becoming a Senior Delegate Sales Manager. In this varied role you will not only manage your personal delegate sales team (6 direct reports) but also mentor an existing junior manager with dotted line responsibility for two further sales staff. We currently deliver some of the most highly respected and successful events in the energy sector and are now looking to capitalise on this with ambitious plans for expansion and development. Your primary role will be managing, developing and training the delegate sales teams. You'll manage the existing processes and raise the bar of this high performing team by leading from the front with your passion, ability and overall presence. This is truly a great opportunity for someone who has a solid background in delegate sales management and is now looking for the next strategic step in their career. You'll need to able to demonstrate: Considerable achievements against challenging sales targets Understanding of various sales processes A track record of effective people management A proven methodology of team recruitment, induction, training and development A driven, commission hungry attitude If you feel you are not suited to this role but know someone who is please contact us for details of our generous referral scheme. TTCS (CaseltonClark) Recruitment are Media specialists operating the in the fields of Publishing, Conferencing and Events from Graduate to Director Level. We work in the following sectors: Media Sales, Marketing, Sponsorship & Exhibition Sales Jobs, Conference Producer Jobs, Senior Appointments both in London and internationally. For our latest vacancies please visit our website http://www.ttcs.co.uk/