Title: Recruitment Consultant  Shipping Technical
Webindex: 68999780
Company: Faststream Recruitment Group
Description: The Faststream Recruitment Group is a highly specialist recruitment organisation within the Oil & Gas, Maritime and Mining sectors worldwide. Faststream was founded in **** and employs over **** people throughout offices in the UK, USA, Singapore and Australia. Through our Industry knowledge and expertise we have grown our Maritime desks substantially and we are now looking for new talent to join our teams. The role itself is fastpaced, challenging and equally as rewarding. You will be working with high level roles, infamous for their high fees. You will be placing industry professionals into medium and high level roles across the EMEA region. With a large remit to cover, you will be given the autonomy to run your own desk and create and win new business opportunities which you will then maintain and develop yourself. You will be required to attend industry networking events whether they are candidate or Client led in London as and when required, a great opportunity to build relationships. The role will also include travel across Europe to meet with Clients and close business deals in person. The role of a Recruiter with Faststream is in actual fact a dynamic, exciting sales focused role, so experience in sales, or the flair for it is desirable. You must be an influential and assertive communicator with a professional work ethic and the drive to succeed. Working to personal targets you will be independent, selfmotivated and able to plan and manage your time effectively. A typical day will involve a variety of tasks including liaising with Clients and Candidates, building professional relationships, advertising roles, headhunting new talent, researching the market place and industry and much more. We believe in giving our candidates the autonomy to develop their business area, and grow your desk using your own business, negotiation, and your excellent sales and people skills. We are looking for driven and influential sales professionals with the ability to build rapport and win business and who are looking to transfer into Recruitment and sell through a Consultative nature. There are plenty of perks on offer  private healthcare, pension,free parking and eyecare and childcare vouchers, flexitime and dress down Fridays. We reward hard work through commission and bonus schemes, company wide recognition, and hold regular social events to celebrate our success. Join us, make a difference. To find out more details including salary and commission details, please contact Rachel Sheridan