Title: Trainee IT Sales  ********  OTE Milton Keynes
Webindex: 69004143
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Trainee IT Sales  ********  OTE  Milton Keynes We are representing one of the world s leading IT hardware and software sales companies who work with some of the largest technology manufacturers including Microsoft, Apple and Samsung. As an international FTSE 250 company they are continuously expanding and are currently recruiting for an ambitious, passionate and confident individuals to join the company as Trainee IT Sales Specialists. This is a unique opportunity for talented and enthusiastic candidates to begin a career with a major organisation within the lucrative IT Sales sector. The Role: The Trainee Sales Executives will be working with some of the world s most wellknown brands such as Microsoft, HP and IBM selling marketleading technology products by telephone to clients. Successful candidates will have access to an unrivaled career development programme which will allow them to grow withing the company and take advantage of a great commission scheme and fantastic initiatives which offer regular chances to win prizes including luxury cars, holidays, laptops and IPads The Trainee Sales Executives will be working in an exciting and energetic teambased environment, working to achieve targets and build their sales skills over time. About You: In order to be successful for the Trainee Sales Executive position: The candidate should have at least one year s experience in a salesbased role, and this should ideally be telesales focused.  We are looking for candidates with exceptional communication skills, and individuals who have the ambition and drive to make money and develop with one of the world s leading IT distributors. The successful applicants will be confident, dynamic and enthusiastic and have the drive to succeed in a fastpaced, competitive industry that rewards hard work. Successful candidate for the Trainee Sales Executive positions should also preferably be within a commutable distance of Milton Keynes. Interested? This is an URGENT position, so please apply immediately. With excellent career prospects and the opportunity to work through the organization, this is a role that can t be missed. For more information on this role and others please email or call (Apply online only) for an instant interview. Commutable locations: Bletchley, Milton Keynes, Newport Pagnell, Dunstable, Northampton, Wellingborough, Kettering, Leighton Buzzard, Luton, Aylesbury, Amersham, High Wycombe, Beaconsfield, Letchworth Garden City, Welling Garden City. Similar job titles: Internal Sales, Sales Executive, Account Executive, Account Advisor, Account Manager, Telesales, Telemarketing, Sales Consultant, Business Development Manager, Field Sales Executive