Title: TRAINEE EVENT SALES EXECUTIVE  SALARY ****K UNCAPPED BONUS
Webindex: 70677031
Company: Ask Associates Limited
Description: Graduate Event Sales Executives wanted for Manchester based, market leading Events Management company. Our client has built an enviable reputation for delivering up to date, award winning events across the private and public sector. Recognised as the leading company in their field for over 10 years and as a result are now looking for bright, hardworking, sales focused graduates to build long term, lucrative and professional sales careers within this fast paced, energetic industry. The Role Your main responsibilities will be to nurture and develop business relationships with blue chip companies throughout the UK and Europe. Selling a variety of sponsorship packages to companies across all industry sectors and clearly explaining the benefits that this will bring to their business. You will manage the client relationship to maximise opportunities that arise further down the line, building a strong link with the business to ensure repeat orders. The Candidate The ideal candidate for this role will be a graduate or graduate calibre and have a passion for sales. As this role is office based and predominantly working over the phone, you will have excellent communication skills and the ability to build relationships quickly. Ambition, drive, determination and a genuine desire to be successful are all traits that you will possess. Experience of working in a sales capacity previously is a huge plus and can include customer service, banking, telesales, B2B, B2C, estate agency, retail sales etc. The Rewards For successful candidates you will be given a starting salary of ****k and an uncapped commission scheme with a very realistic OTE of ****k****k (There are people within the team that are earning double this) You will also receive a full benefits package to include 21 days holiday, pension and more. Full training is given to cover all aspects of the role well as excellent progression opportunities. Working hours are 9am  ****:30pm Monday to Friday. This is a very exciting opportunity for anyone serious about building a long term, lucrative career within professional business to business sales. Interested? Then apply now to Ask Associates Trainee Recruitment Consultant, Graduate Recruitment Consultant, Recruitment Consultant, Headhunter, Headhunting, Sales, Graduate, Trainee, B2B, B2C, Outbound Sales, Business Development, Resourcer, Account Manager, Telesales.