Title: Etail Account Manager
Webindex: 71435169
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: You will be required to identify, develop and close opportunities within a small portfolio of Etailers.You will be targeted to develop and retain clients within the etail market including one account worth 1.5 million GP per annum based throughout Europe. You will be interacting and building longterm relationships with key stakeholders at senior and Director level with organisations in France and Germany. To present best value based propositions to meet client requirements and solve key client issues alongside looking for additional cross selling opportunities. This is mainly an internal based sales role. You will have a proven track record of sales and service and be able to speak business French or German. You will be a confident communicator and your results focused approach will allow you to improve sales through a teambased culture. You will be smart, articulate and be able to demonstrate achievement in your most recent roles. You will have:  A proven track record of b2b sales (although an ambitious graduate with some sales exposure may also be considered)  Ability to process requirements in a timely manner prioritise tasks according to importance.  Capability to identify innovative solutions to business problems  Able to speak French or German.  Some understanding of technology A market leading organisation in the IT market. **** to **** plus bonus and benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EtailAccountManager_job****