Title: SENIOR RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT  IT Contracts
Webindex: 69062152
Company: Vertex Solutions Ltd
Description: The Company: Vertex Solutions is a highly ambitious IT/Technical recruitment consultancy. We are expanding our office network and opening a new office in Central London. This is an important strategic move for us and hence a great opportunity for the right individual to grow in to a cornerstone of the Vertex business group. We are looking for a Principal Consultant who has a strong background of contract recruitment within IT. The opportunity for you is to come in and prove yourself whilst also taking a large part in building and developing a team around you. The end result of this should be appointment as Sales Manager by the end of the year. Longer term; board level appointment. We would expect you to bring a number of years of recruitment experience and a strong track record of billings success. We are looking for individuals who either have experience of or potential to take a blended role between hands on billing and team mentoring and leadership. We are looking for energetic, motivated, competitive individuals who know what it takes to get the most out of a team of consultants whilst not losing focus on their own billing activity. We would expect you to have experience of building a stable of IT contractors and be highly capable of delivering this again. All of our Key staff and trainee recruitment consultants are rewarded through a market leading commission plan earning 40% of whatever you bill, as well as an interest in the Companies development through stock options. We are a flexible, informal, but highly professional team. Our success is based on three things, the quality, drive and ambition of the people in our business. You will work closely with the senior management team and receive both internal and external mentoring to ensure that you develop your potential as quickly as you can. Our management team is supported by a high pedigree board of directors that allow us to punch above our weight. Your career development would be influenced by contact with this group as well as our extensive network of external consultants. The environment: We believe it's important to keep our consultants motivated and achieving at a high level with exciting targets to work towards, these include; High Earning Potential offering you an Uncapped 40% commission structure Growing Company, ambitious, creating numerous career opportunities Environment that stimulates entrepreneurial spirit and rewards success A enthusiastic and fun environment Company days out Performance bonuses Equity in the business The Company: Vertex has been at the forefront of IT/Telecoms recruitment for over a ****5 years, delivering both permanent and contract solutions UK wide and into Europe. We have built some phenomenal relationships and Tier 1 supplier status with big industry names; achieved through their Knowledge of the markets they supply into, Delivery of results, Excellence of service and their Adaptability, tailoring solutions to customers' requirements Vertex offers their clients an executivecontingent service, making sure that the best talent is acquired, not always the most visible. This approach has placed Vertex as a leading consultancy within our specialist industries. If you would like to know more, please contact me in confidence for an informal discussion. Jennifer Howlett.