Title: IT Sales Exec  Worcester
Webindex: 71433365
Company: CV Bay
Description: IT Sales / Cloud Hosting Sales  Worcester **** Basic. **** OTE  Benefits Large Internet Company require a professional Sales Person with a strong Technical background in IT top join their team selling Virtual Private Server / Dedicated Hosting packages (Known as the Cloud) to companies across the UK. Your role is to be the customerfacing Sales Representative for the Dedicated Hosting product portfolio. You will assist in devising proactive sales campaigns with the Marketing team and Dedicated Hosting Management, see these through to the selling process and provide relevant feedback. Proactive selling will be central to your success. You will be strongly encouraged to build on your technical and industry knowledge through a number of available resources, including the support of the Dedicated Hosting Team and the Manager. In your role you will have a number of customer contact responsibilities. You will receive inbound telephone calls, live chat and email enquiries and in addition you will proactively contact existing customers and prospects, again by telephone and email. You may be required to use Skype / Instant Messenger to speak with customers and colleagues and you may be required to meet with customers facetoface, so excellent communication skills are a must. Some of the responsibilities will include: To field new enquiries by telephone, live chat and email from both the existing customer base and new customers and to sell the appropriate Dedicated Hosting products as required. Identify new sales opportunities within the existing customer base for proactive calling; to make outbound calls to these customers to upsell to Dedicated Hosting To actively participate and engage in relevant forums related to Dedicated Hosting To assist in the training of other Sales Advisors to an acceptable level on Dedicated Hosting as a contingency in your absence Proactive calling to pending renewal customers and shared hosting customers that have exceeded their bandwidth threshold To be involved in adhoc projects representing UK Sales To be part of aninternational group, sharing your experiences and knowledge to relevant colleagues across borders Carry out such tasks that are required to meet the needs of the business Using your initiative to take sales calls for other products and services as and when required, or requested by management Required Skills Strong IT skills 5 years Sales experience Resilient with the ability to problem solve Working with Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook at an intermediate level Clear written and verbal skills Good presentation skills Good understanding of Dedicated Hosting / Virtual Server Market Key Competencies Providing excellent customer service Delivering business results Self motivation Attention to detail Making good decisions Bringing innovation to problem solving Autonomous and targetdriven If you have the skills and want to apply, please send your CV, detailing salary expectations, via the link or call Jon Glas at CV Bay Ltd. This Advert is posted by CV Bay Ltd a UK based Recruitment Consultancy, on behalf of one of our client’s. All of our Job Adverts are for live Jobs that we are proactively recruiting for. If this particular Vacancy isn’t of interest to you, but you are looking for work in a similar field, please get in touch, as we have new vacancies registered on a daily basis. We have dedicated teams of Account Managers and aim to provide the best possible service to all. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITSalesExecWorcester_job****