Title: Senior Sales Negotiator/Residential Sales Manager
Webindex: 66887014
Company: Brite Recruitment
Description: Are you a successful, results driven person? Are you looking to start a career in Estate Agency? Are you looking for a fast paced, dynamic working environment? Our client is a multi award winning, National Estate Agency chain with an outstanding reputation for customer service. With a network of over **** branches across the country, the company has risen to become one of the largest and most successful Estate Agency groups in the UK. As Senior Sales Negotiator/ Residential Sales Manager, you will work closely with your team to learn and develop whilst achieving shared goals. In addition to this; You will have the determination to succeed in the Estate Agent market. You will be capable of working effectively under pressure and in a target orientated environment. You will manage your own diary and appointments. You will work closely with the branch manager to coach and inspire the in branch team. You will have the ability to successfully achieve set targets. You will be able to evaluate business at every opportunity. You will have some autonomy for Valuations within the branch. The company will offer a fantastic training programme all within a supportive, team working environment. Achievable progression thresholds are put in place with excellent earning potential. With a track record of successful sales abilities, within an Estate Agency setting, suitable candidates will have: A drive and enthusiasm to work within the Estate Agency market The ability to qualify applicants and advise on their purchasing abilities Excellent communication skills A professional and friendly approach Refined numerate abilities and an attention to detail A driving licence/own car Excellent computing skills You must be a self motivated, driven individual with the ability to be proactive with your own learning and development. You will have the ability to work successfully within a team whilst managing your own, individual work load. Organisational skills and a will to succeed are also a must. You will be required to work intermittent Saturdays, in addition to your Monday to Friday week