Title: TERRITORY SALES EXECUTIVE  DUNDEE
Webindex: 72460656
Company: FPSG Connect 
Description: TERRITORY SALES EXECUTIVE  DUNDEE Location: Dundee Salary: c****k  Car  Comm  Benefits FPSGs client is a market leading distributor of Industrial Bearings and Transmission Services, Tools and Consumables to a diverse client base across both the UK and International markets. Their products and service offerings are consumed by the widest range of industries, professions and trades. You will be responsible for selling their complete portfolio of Industrial Products to clients throughout Dundee and the surrounding areas, ensuring at all times of giving first class customer service. You will be responsible for developing existing accounts as well as sourcing new business. Ideally you will possess a minimum of 18 months B2B field sales experience, be used to presenting and negotiating at all levels and be able to demonstrate a proven sales track record. Experience within the Industrial or Technical sales sector is advantageous. This is an excellent opportunity to join a major brand where career prospects are first class. CONTACT DETAILS Contact Name: Scott Bennett Direct Dial: **** **** **** FPSG has an unrivalled reputation for successfully delivering specialist recruitment, career development and leadership solutions to organisations and candidates across our core Banking, Sales Marketing, Professional, Operational and Technology markets. We recruit for retention and recognise that each candidate, each client, each market and each industry has individual requirements. We help you get it right the first time so that your organisation / career can flourish  creating time efficiencies and providing peace of mind that you re in safe hands. FPSG operates as a recruitment agency in providing permanent jobseeking services and as a recruitment business in providing temporary and contract jobseeking services.  Glasgow (HQ)  Edinburgh  Manchester URL removed FPSG IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES EMPLOYER