Title: Field Sales Executive, Launceston region
Webindex: 68849291
Company: Si Recruitment
Description: Field Sales Executives, Basic **** and OTE **** Launceston, Fully expensed company vehicle, Ipad and Mobile Due to continued growth, our client, a successful privately owned company are due to open a new office in Cornwall in February. They are looking to appoint one further target driven field sales executive to join their team. This is an exciting opportunity for graduate calibre experienced sales executives to join a successful forwarding thinking dynamic business where success is rewarded with a generous commission structure. A comprehensive training program will be provided as part of your induction. Your main responsibility will be to attend prequalified appointments, generated by the telesales team. You will conduct detailed site technical surveys and provide the information to the client. Duties:  Conduct detailed site technical surveys, encompassing ecological, environmental and landscape reviews, in line with guidelines and company process  Deliver signed contracts inline with Company targets and achieve the Company conversion ratio of site assessments into qualified sales contracts  Proactively identify new leads and potential clients through client referrals and other sales generation activity  Provide accurate and complete information to the customer and the Planning Team to allow them to conclude a successful planning application. Give the Installation Team all the information needed to plan and execute a successful install  Support their customers throughout the above process  Plan and host events in the local community to spread awareness about the business  Promote the company with integrity and honesty and build the public profile of the organisation Requirements  A results oriented, experienced and successful Sales Executive who is looking to join an innovative, fast paced company.  Excellent organisation and time management skills, and able to work under pressure in a target driven environment  Comfortable with the technical aspects of the job, and working to a high level of accuracy and detail  Good level of education with excellent communication and presentation skills (written and verbal)  A presentable, outgoing relationship builder who can easily network and rapidly gain rapport  A self starter, willing to cold call and be proactive in network building  Personal integrity and honesty and a warm, genuine persona are essential attributes for this role  There will be frequent travel in the UK so a clean driving licence is required (travel will be within **** hours of your office) Hours : 95.30pm with 25 days holiday plus bank holidays. You may be expected to work additional hours to attend events and other activities with some over night stays Interviews to be held week commencing 21st January.