Title: Resource Management Specialist
Webindex: 69148430
Company: Encore Personnel
Description: The Role Our Slough branch is looking for an experienced Industrial Resource management specialist specialising in the supply of blue collar Personnel (logistics, distribution, manufacturing and warehousing, temporary and permanent) to industry throughout the UK. The role of a Resource Management specialist is fastpaced, challenging, demanding and very competitive  all rolled into one. One minute you could be writing a job advertisement and the next interviewing candidates, but the main aspect of the job will be to build the business through client relationship building and delivering on service. We are looking for a driven, dynamic individual with proven ability to sell our recruitment services and meet client needs. You will also have joint responsibility for managing our fast expanding client base and filling vacancies with suitably skilled candidates. You will be in charge of interviewing candidates too, be it in Slough or through our zonal recruitment in the surrounding areas. Ultimately it will be your job to attract candidates and match them to the positions being recruited for, you will provide the vital link between candidate and employer so building a good solid relationship is vital. The Candidate  An experienced Resourcer who is able to demonstrate their success.  Must have own car for the purpose of the role.  A proven track record in new business development in people management.  An individual that recognises the importance of service delivery to retain existing customers  Be able to identify accurate sales leads  Ability to resource candidates for job vacancies through accurate skill identification and interview them.  Able to work to the highest recruitment practice standards to ensure service delivery excellence  Problem solving and tenacity to cope under pressure  Ability to handle multiple priorities.  Ambition and determination to succeed.  Ability to work on your own initiative and as part of a team.  Strong communication skills  Results oriented and target driven. The right applicant will be able to demonstrate a drive to succeed, an ability to develop relationships at all levels, have excellent communication skills, the ability to think on their feet, and be a strong time manager with a 'can Do Attitude'. The Company Encore Personnel are one of the Top 20 blue collar recruiters in the UK. Encore Personnel have been established for 10 years and have seen significant growth year on year. Never has it been more exciting to join a local, leading recruiter. Sunday Times Fast Track **** ALP, REC Audited, Investors in People and Best Company to work for are just a handful of the accreditation's Encore carry, we also offer to place all Consultants onto the REC's Certificate and Diploma in Recruitment Practice Course. The Package With an excellent salary offering of ****K  20K basic, car allowance upon qualification, 25 days holidays  Bank Holidays, holiday of a lifetime for the top Recruiter, charitable donations plus a fantastic commission structure, now is the time to join Encore Personnel. Please send a CV to gdyerencorepersonnel.co.uk to apply or call in the strictest confidence on **** **** **** to speak to me, Glynne Dyer. Encore Personnel are an Equal Opportunities Employer. Specialist Recruiters in the Driving, Industrial and Technical sectors. Based predominately in the Midlands, supplying Nationally. Encore offer a 'refer a friend' reward scheme where you could receive a gift of up to ****