Title: Sales Administrator  French
Webindex: 68633458
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Sales Administrator with French Addlestone **** ****  comm. (excellent career opportunity), parking An excellent and exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced Sales Administrator with excellent Customer Service skills This role would involve elements of sales, so you MUST NOT be afraid of picking up the phone and offering out new products to current clients This is a perfect role for someone who is looking for a challenging role with French language. It must be your Native language ideally, or a 2nd language but MUST be fluent Ideally you must be interested in Sales as this role would lead you to become an Account Manager once you progressed. You will be speaking with existing clients, based in France so you must be fluent French speaking and have a very strong personality to be able to develop new relationships too. You will be providing full Administrative support to the Sales Team, up selling products for the UK Sales Team and the Export Sales Team, providing the highest standards of Customer Service, processing orders, offering new products, creating fliers and mailers to all Clients, creating and running reports. When dealing with clients, you will need to understand their needs, find out what price they pay with the competitor and trying to match the best offer. You must be very confident, open, easy going and have an excellent telephone manner. You must be presentable, driven and ambitious. You must not be afraid to ask opening questions and be very confident on the telephone. It is also important you have a very strong attention to detail and be creative as you will be working on Photoshop, creating mailers. Knowledge of Photoshop would be an advantage, but the right training will be provided. My client will provide excellent training needed to make sure you can succeed, but you have to have the right personality and drive too When applying; please make sure you include a contact email and telephone number, as well as your required salary, notice period and whether or not you have transport. First **** Personnel ( Temps) Ltd is an established Recruitment Consultancy, Surreybased, providing a full recruitment solution of temporary and permanent staff within the Surrey and Hampshire area, over **** divisions: Accountancy Finance; Sales Marketing; Commercial Office; IT Executive. For more permanent, contract or temporary job opportunities in the Guildford, Farnham, Farnborough, Camberley, Weybridge, Woking, Staines and West Byfleet areas please check our website. You must reside in UK and be able to produce evidence of eligibility to work in UK. First **** Personnel ( Temps) Ltd does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to permanent roles.