Title: EPOS Solutions Sales Executive
Webindex: 71964292
Company: Hendron Wood Resource Solutions
Description: EPOS Solutions Sales Executive Retail EPOS Software Technology Solutions (Fashion Retail  Tier ****) Our Client is looking to recruit a talented and experienced Sales Account Manager to support the existing and new business development of major POS and Retail Fashion Accounts. As an inspirational person, you will be a tenacious, driven and highly motivated professional with a proven track record of success (however short) who now wishes to progress their career as Sales Account Manager. You will be able to communicate on all levels and have excellent relationship building skills. (Please note the Head Office is in Cambridgeshire; however the client base is mainly London and South, so candidates can work from home) Reporting into the Business Development Director your main responsibilities will be:  To secure sales in order to attain defined sales targets both in terms of turnover and margin and to ensure the business continues to grow in both sales and customer base.  To prospect for new business opportunities in Tier **** **** retailers, this will include major retail fashion brands and dealing with Head Office contacts for these retailers.  To ensure customer and prospects visits have been logged in an effective manner on the companies CRM software for future reference and that accurate existing customer databases are kept up to date.  To be fully conversant with retail trends and be able to relate these in terms of all retail products and technology and to be aware of all new product development as it relates to Tier **** business.  To be responsible for promoting the company and its products through the provision of product brochures, company literature, attendance at exhibitions, etc. The successful Sales Account Manager will have the following skills experience:  Experience of selling software based solutions within retail  THIS IS ESSENTIAL  Experience of account acquisition activities within this sector  The experience to understand good business and the impact of poorly executed business.  The ability to selfstart and drive activities through targeted accounts  To be suitably conversant with market issues and to relate how the company s solution sets will enable business change within the Retailers organisation. The Company Our client is a specialist in providing solutions for business critical applications in the tier two retail market sectors. They have proven expertise in the retail sectors delivering to the major Fashion Retailers. Established to take advantage of their extensive retail experience they work with leading suppliers to provide retailers with the latest technology and innovation in the fields of labelling and in store operations. Part of what makes their client as successful as they are is the highly motivated people who work there and their enthusiasm for providing their clients with the solutions they need. They recruit individuals whose honesty, integrity, initiative and creative approach to problem solving shines through.