Title: Phone Based Mortgage Sales Consultants  Northampton
Webindex: 70205437
Company: Nationwide Building Society
Description: Location  Nationwide Building Society, Kings Park Road, Moulton Park, Northampton, NN**** ****NW Hours  The working hours for this role will be between the hours of Monday to Friday 8am8pm and Saturday 9am5pm Basic Salary **** to **** (based on experience) plus benefits and generous bonus Start date  8th April A reputation for integrity. Exceptional products. Open and Honest. All of the above have made us an outstanding and successful mortgage lender. So if you are a highly motivated sales professional you will thrive here. A more challenging role Joining the Sales team in our Northampton contact centre, you will handle inbound mortgage queries, providing a customer service that's second to none. That means pinpointing exact needs and flagging up mortgage and insurance products and services to suit each customer personally. But as well as meeting our customers; high expectations, we will expect you to achieve performance sales targets. So you will need to develop an indepth knowledge of our award winning product range to be able to talk to customers with confidence. And at all times, delivering a service that x2019;s professional, secure and in line with our operational procedures, you x2019;ll keep the customer experience front of mind. A more talented person An experienced sales person, ideally with a background in financial services or similar sales environment would be an advantage. Naturally, you will need the firstclass communication skills that will see you getting the right results for the customer while still meeting business needs. And as well as a great knowledge of our mortgage products and services, we also ask that you are a strong team player with a good work ethic and the ability to build solid relationships with our members. Bring all this and you can expect to thrive in this fastpaced and challenging role. An employer you're proud of Our mutual status means we are here to benefit customers, not shareholders. Our commitment to customers, not shareholders, has always been what sets us apart from our competitors. And now, more than ever, our reputation for being open, honest and trustworthy is helping us go from strength to strength. In fact, it's made us the world's biggest building society as well as a major local employer. Underpinning it all is a commercial operation that never stands still. We are always thinking ahead, aiming higher and sharpening our competitive edge. That's why we invest in people who are not only proud of what we stand for, but who also have the talent and drive to boost our performance still further. The rewards you deserve If you put a lot in, it's only fair you should get a lot out. Help us continue to offer customers the best possible experience, and we will give you all the support, recognition and rewards you deserve. As well as a great working environment and plenty of scope for development and growth, you can expect a generous package that includes pension, life assurance, healthcare and bonus scheme.