Title: Internal Sales Engineer Energy Meters
Webindex: 69004734
Company: Candidate Source
Description: This is a rare opportunity to work for one of the UK s leading suppliers of industrial flowmeters and systems. Established for over 40 years and historically serving the food, chemical, pharmaceutical and water industries, they are now looking for an additional Sales Engineer with experience of the energy flowmeter enduser market to expand and develop new income streams in the energy measurement market, including selling to contractors and wholesalers. They are offering an excellent salary of up to **** basic, plus package, inc. bonus and pension. As Sales Engineer, reporting to the Sales Director, you will primarily be responsible for: Developing and growing the profitable sales of flowmeters and systems through direct sales to existing and prospective customers, mainly by telephone but also through face to face meetings. Advising customers on the right product for their specific metering application. Creating accurate and detailed quotations to meet customers specific metering requirements. Developing relationships with Contractors, OEM s and End Users at all levels Identifying new sales opportunities Working with the Sales Director to produce marketing and advertising strategies Delivering excellent customer service at all times For the right individual, this unique opportunity offers: Technically interesting job variation in a friendly working environment. Being a real team member with input into the development of the business. Autonomy to manage the given task. Recognition for the effort made, with a view to managing the sales of the entire product line within 2 years. This key position requires an outgoing and positive sales person with demonstrable knowledge of the energy metering market and a willingness to learn about new products. This is a closeknit, professional team and they are looking for someone who could be described as cheerful, likeable, honest and loyal, with a mature outlook. You will also have the following skills and knowledge: Knowledge of the Energy Flowmeter enduser market is desirable eg wholesalers, large contractors, boiler manufacturers etc Excellent communication skills, both written Self motivation, with the ability to prioritise your work according to the business needs Comfortable in a telesales type role. Genuine desire to succeed and achieve targets. A real team player, willing to get involved in every aspect of the business. Strong general PC skills, ability to use Word, Excel and ACT software programs. ONC / HNC or HND in an engineering/technical discipline. Full UK driving license. This is primarily an office based role, working ****:30am ****:00pm, with occasional site visits, for which transport will be provided. You will be located in the Manchester area. In return the company are offering a competitive salary of up to **** pa and package. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website