Title: Outbound Sales Executive  Exeter
Webindex: 68688087
Company: Yolk Recruitment
Description: Profile Yolk Sales Recruitment specialise in recruiting for a wide range of businesscritical sales positions. We source candidates with a proven track record of sales achievement and work with clients that will deliver on your career aspirations. The Client Our client is a renowned manufacturer of office equipment and are well established as a provider of fully integrated office systems throughout the UK. Priding themselves on being able to create tailormade impartial office solutions to all levels of organisations, they offer a complete office solution from photocopiers to multi functional devices, document management software solutions to professional IT services. Due to continued sustainable growth they are currently seeking an Outbound Sales Executive in their Exeter Office. Responsibilities  Making appointments for their Field Sales Representatives to sell multifunctional print devices and software solutions on a face to face basis.  Fact finding and qualifying of leads  Diary management of weekly appointments  Work to weekly and monthly targets focused around KPIs, activity and revenue Experience Required  Consultative selling style.  Ambitious and tenacious individual with strong outbound business to business sales experience  Excellent communicator with a charismatic personality  Money motivated  A driving licence would be highly advantageous as there is scope for this to move into a fieldbased position over time. Rewards  Fantastic opportunities for progression with the genuine opportunity to move into a Field Sales position within 1218 months dependent upon performance.  Very stable and supportive team – This opportunity is due to growth  A competitive starting salary of up to **** and achievable OTE of ****k.  Company Car or car allowance, Laptop, Phone, etc  Sociable working hours, Monday to Friday 8:30am to 5pm This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OutboundSalesExecutiveExeter_job****