Title: Dealership Development Manager  Catering Equipment
Webindex: 68061318
Company: ACS Recruitment
Description: Dealership Development Manager  Catering Equipment Based Northampton  UK Coverage Salary: Negotiable dependant on experience/relevant industry experience plus Commission and Company Performance Profit Related Bonus Catering Equipment Distributor based in Northampton is currently looking for a Dealership Development Manager to help develop the business in range of products. These products include Uprights / Chilled Counters / Salad Prep / Displays / Counter Tops / BainMarie, etc. As a leading manufacturer and distributor, the company are looking to take the UK by storm with their high spec products for the catering/commercial kitchen industry. They have an ambitious sales strategy and the potential for the right candidate is endless. The business has already witnessed huge response to their products and now requires a fully dedicated sales person to drive the business further forward. The main role of the Dealership Development Manager is to build long term relationships with Catering Equipment suppliers based across the UK. Source Catering Equipment dealers throughout the UK Build relationships with effective dealers Manage supply chain through dealer network Manage the Brand through effective marketing targeting specific areas and dealers. Arrange and manage trade shows throughout the year. Liaise with Far East on stock orders Ensure monthly, quarterly and yearly targets are met Develop sales strategy with Overseas Managing Director and ensure this is managed effectively Potential manage office admin team Please Note: You must be prepared to spend at least One Month at the factory in the Far East for product development training and familiarisation  this is nonnegotiable. The company are ideally looking to recruit an experienced Development Manager with experience of sales within Chilled Catering Equipment environment with access to dealership networks throughout the UK, but will also consider applications from Experienced Sales Professionals looking to make a career within a new environment or industry. Please ensure your experience is very clear on your CV along with your Sales Achievements for each relevant position. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DealershipDevelopmentManagerCateringEquipment_job****