Title: Sales Executive  Events
Webindex: 71166368
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Sales Executive  Events ****  ****  comm Our client, a leading international media company working across several sectors with a portfolio of exhibitions, conferences, publications and online media is looking to recruit a Sales Executive to join their prestigious London team. They work across a diverse range of sectors, including the likes of clothing, aerospace and pharma. They've been established for well over a decade and are known for consistently putting together great events, benefitting both their delegates and exhibitors. As Sales Executive you will be responsible for managing clients across two education exhibitions, selling internationally to educational companies and those affiliated with the market. You will be proactive developing business and generating strong relationships. You will have strong communication skills and liaise confidently with clients internationally. You will be an enthusiastic and passionate individual with the determination to drive the business forward and generate revenue. You will have previous media sales experience. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a relaxed but vibrant organisation If you believe you have the skills and qualities for this role, apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Sales Executive include: . Winning new business and developing new client areas. . Establishing longterm client relationships. . Work closely with network of international sales agents. . Ability to sell a number of different products  exhibition stands, sponsorship opportunities, advertising. . To sell against agreed targets. . To work closely with other departments, mainly Marketing, Operations and Accounts. . To provide excellent customer service after sales care. . To be able to sell internationally and capable of selling to mixed cultures. . Sales administration including maintenance of the sales database. . Some international sales travel may be necessary. . Provide weekly pipelines to Manager. . Floorplan management. . To work closely with the Sales Manager to share market intelligence and to develop optimum sales and marketing programmes Qualities we're looking for in the Senior Sales Executive include: . Previous media sales experience . A proven track record of working within a target driven environment and achieving these targets consistently . Excellent clientfacing and telephone sales skills . Strong communication skills, both written and verbal . Good time management skills . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . Confident selling on all levels . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveEvents_job****