Title: Recruitment Consultant  Property Recruitment
Webindex: 71676297
Company: PFJ
Description: Recruitment Consultant  Property, Manchester City Centre. To ****K OTE ****K Uncapped Excellent Company Benefits Including Foreign Trips The Role Acquiring a WARM DESK, you will have full autonomy to develop the position as you want and really put your mark on to the role and drive it forward. You will be responsible for recruiting a variety of individuals in to professional positions in the Property industry, within the General Practice and other technical market with few restrictions. You will be placing individuals such as Surveyors and Project Managers and these will be sourced through networking, headhunting, retained search, candidate referrals and advertising in the relevant industry publications. You will have the opportunity to really establish yourself in the Manchester Market place and progress through the ranks of the company. The Company One of the leading Property Recruitment Consultancies in the UK with offices based in the UK and across the globe, who have a strong focus on quality recruitment. They are a truly meritocratic organisation and all individuals are given the opportunity to develop with the company and this is reflected in their excellent retention of their staff and their status as a SUNDAY TIMES TOP 100 COMPANY to work for. They regularly reward their staff with incentives such as foreign trips abroad twice a year. They have a big focus on flexibility and giving their consultants the opportunity to work from home. Your Profile You will be a proven Recruitment Sales Professional, ideally from a Technical Recruitment sector, although other recruitment experience will be considered. You are looking to make the move in to a role that will allow you to develop and establish yourself as one of the leading Recruitment Sales professionals in the Property Recruitment sector. You have the hunger and desire to make your mark within this prestigious company which promotes individual personalities and allows you to develop your own recruitment style. Contact Name For further information in confidence, please call Caroline in confidence on **** **** or apply through this website This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantPropertyRecruitment_job****