Title: HEAD OF DATA  CENTRAL LONDON  ****K BASIC
Webindex: 72629496
Company: Engage PSG
Description: My client requires a Head of Data to be responsible for the division's databases and websites. Content provided is on all aspects of the industry including news, analysis, people, databses and market research My client requires a Head of Data to be r esponsible for the division&x2019 s databases and websites. Content provided is on all aspects of the industry including news, analysis, people, databses and market research Purpose / objectives Responsible for data function, ensuring that all data: Is compiled to the highest quality standards and KPIs Developed continuously to reflect industry changes and the needs of clients Main responsibilities Research Manage the daytoday running of the database function Define service levels, KPIs and process to achieve desired project monitoring service levels Continually review processes and data. Implement changes as required to extend coverage, improve efficiencies and preserve standards Pursue new ways to source data (eg automation/scraping/web watching) Appoint and manage external research partners if required ensuring value for money, flexible resources and that KPIs are established and met. Devise and delivering the data plan and special projects (including work with product developer) ensuring these contribute to overall business objectives Look out for potential data partners and maintain strong links with them. Manage local budgets, if required, to achieve best value. Ensure the delivery of our League Tables to deadline, budget and standard required. Quality & standards Devise Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), ensure they are achieved and remain relevant Monitor and sample activity to ensure quality is maintained Liaise with business and market to ensure current and future client requirements are me Be the ultimate point of contact for resolving data issues. Reporting Report on performance against KPIs on regular basis (not less than monthly) Ensure timely reporting of problems / issues and agree resolution with stakeholders Undertake any reasonable tasks required by the MD. People Management Deliver best people structure and plan to deliver objectives Manage team to deliver to SMART objectives Implement development plans, rating and review process. Ensure training and development needs are addressed and ensure motivation of the team. Ensure you foster team work, accountability, initiative and a strong work ethic Recruit the best talent, plan for succession and support new recruits. Product Development Work with product development and other functions as required to drive innovation Identify, and champion improvements to our data and products based client insight Work closely with management team to devise and develop product improvements Liaise with clients and external contacts as required Keep abreast of industry developments and competition. Standards of performance These will be in line with development objectives for the products as well as ongoing requirement to ensure: Services reflect up to date, relevant and comprehensive data delivered ontime to agreed quality standards. Research KPIs are met. Customer satisfaction, as assessed by renewal rates / results of the customer surveys. Please send CV for consideration and more information.