Title: Regional Sales Engineer
Webindex: 68181244
Company: Barclay Meade
Description: An opportunity has arisen with an award winning product sales business for an enthusiastic instrumentation or software sales specialist to focus on field sales across the South of England networking in the water and environmental regulatory industries. My client designs and manufactures an award winning range of data logging, telemetry and software systems, and also act as a distributor for a range of complementary instrumentation products. They are recognised as one of the UK s leading suppliers of water and environmental monitoring systems for clients including the Environment Agency, water companies and local drainage authorities. The technology is used for monitoring water resources and waste water including applications such as flood and pollution warning. An opportunity has presented itself for an enthusiastic and self motivated instrumentation or software sales specialist to focus on field sales in the South of England. Ideally candidates will live around Reading, Southampton or Bristol areas. The duties will be to promote the instrumentation and realtime telemetry systems and building relationships with customers in the water and environmental regulatory industries. Maintain existing client base and follow up new sales enquires Fields sales visits to clients offices/sites to demonstrate systems Surveying field sites prior to quoting/specifying monitoring installations Presenting technical training courses or software demonstrations Assisting with the preparation of formal proposals/tenders Negotiation with buyers to win business and close orders Attend trade shows This position would suit a science or engineering graduate (or equivalent/similar qualifications.) Training can be offered for the product range and technology. Candidates must be self motivated with excellent communication skills and a strong interest in IT, technology and the environment. The annual salary will be between **** and ****k, plus a company car or car allowance and pension contributions. The head office is based in Reading however home working can be considered. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Barclay Meade is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.