Title: Senior National Account Manager  Home Decor
Webindex: 67150013
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: Senior National Account Manager  Home Decor Ref: **** Location: North Midlands/North West THE ROLE: A fabulous opportunity has arisen to join a market leader with the UK giftware sector specialising in Home Furnishings, Giftware and home d cor products within the role of a Senior National Account Manager. This Managerial role will assume responsibility for developing new National retail accounts and working on building up the company s portfolio of National retail accounts. Within this role you will be expected to develop a bespoke range of home d cor products that will compete on price, quality and design and be the main point of contact for all new business enquiries using the dedicated sales/marketing support at Head Office level. A background in giftware/home ware product into National Retail channels (John Lewis, Department Stores, Home Furnishing Retailers) is essential for this role as well as a desire to take on a role with UK wide responsibility. For this role you would be home based with 12 days a week based in Head Office (North West UK) with the remainder of the time being spent managing National accounts or spending time with the agents out on the field. THE COMPANY: Our client is a rapidly exciting design led manufacturer of home d cor products with a fabulous range that is both modern and stylish. They are a UK leader in framed art and wall art products. Their products are continually updated and undergo redesign programmes to maintain a totally contemporary style. The product range on offer is wide ranging and very contemporary and as an organisation have earned themselves a strong and credible reputation showing year on year growth in sales and turnover. Company culture is dynamic and open, this role is offering an opportunity to work closely with the MD and offers genuine long term career growth opportunities. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Located within Central UK/Staffordshire/Cheshire/West Midlands/Manchester Background in giftware or home d cor products into National retailers Design and NPD background would be advantageous Have a creative background, be able to take client concepts and deliver product samples Must have a stable CV/career history Solid understanding of costing structures and able to Some experience in people management is desirable A passion or experience for designled home design/soft furnishings National Account background managing home wares/giftware/art categories Tenacious and selfmotivated Enthusiastic, cando attitude Able to work autonomously THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: ********  car  bonus  benefits TO APPLY please email your CV We thank all applicants who respond, but please be advised that only those short listed for interview will be contacted. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career