Title: Croatian speaking Lead Generator – Business Development
Webindex: 72444365
Company: Talent Quest Limited
Description: Client Profile: Our client is a leading organisation operating within the IT and Market Research industry; they are looking to appoint a Croatian speaking Lead Generator / Croatian speaking Business Development Representative . The role is offered on temporary, ongoing basis at a rate of **** per hour. The role is based in London, North London, North West London. Role Description: The role of Croatian speaking Lead Generator is to identify and qualify new business opportunities by building relationships with potential midtier to enterprise size prospects via the telephone, email and web. The role carries the responsibility of generating and managing sales opportunities, building and maintaining pipeline nurtures for the client. The position reports directly to the Program Manager. Person Specification: The Croatian speaking Lead Generator / Business Development Representative will require at least 612 months telesales experience, inbound telesales or outbound telesales targeting the IT or technology industry. You should be able to demonstrate a working knowledge of MS Office applications, Internet navigation and contact management software. Additionally, you will need to beexperienced in relation building, social networking and be a team player. In the role of Croatian speaking Lead Generator / Business Development representative you should also be: Target / results driven, self motivated, punctual, and displays commitment in working on own, and in a team environment Able to demonstrates ownership of self development and ongoing learning Analytical, displaying decision making abilities A strong communicator who influences through multilevel negotiation skills to corporate andboard level clients Goal orientated individual, who strives for quality and attention to detail with a structured work methodology / approach Additional Information Talent Quest Ltd is a specialist recruitment consultancy service specialising in Digital, Media, Creative, PR, Marketing, Market Research Insight as well as multilingual supporting functions. Registered offices in the UK. We are also members of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) and adhere to strict professional practice. We always strive for the highest standards of service however, with the number of applications we receive for some of our vacancies, it is not always possible to get back to everyone individually. If you do not hear from us within 4 days, it means in this instance your application has not been taken any further. We hope that you will apply again for any positions that interest you in the future. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CroatianspeakingLeadGeneratorBusinessDevelopment_job****