Title: Learner Recruitment Officer  Maternity Cover
Webindex: 67770616
Description: One of the UK's largest training providers are looking to grow their team of Learner Recruitment Officers covering Worcestershire and South Birmingham areas. This rewarding role Field based you will liaise with employers, learners and other key stakeholders in the recruitment process to maximise the learner experience. You will be responsible for networking with local Schools, Colleges and careers centres obtaining referral of ****'s looking for apprenticeships. This role is offered as a Maternity Cover. Responsibilities include: Establish relationships with external careers advice companies e.g. Connections and Next Step Job Centre Plus, to recruit new learners and maximize relationships for future development. Arrange and conduct interviews for candidates in accordance with company procedures. Attend careers conventions, job fairs etc., both in and outside of normal working hours, to publicise and promote the services/training offered by the Company. Be the apprentice key point of contact for daily matters, including apprenticeship and HR related issues during the length of their programme with my client. In order to be successful in this role you will need to maintain good External relationships with both Learners and Employers prior to, during and after the recruitment process. Essential Experience: Relevant experience for this work area e.g. Recruitment, Sales, Field Sales, B2B Sales and marketing etc Ability to influence and work well with **** year olds Recruitment sales or Service Sales Experience Ability to work independently and manage your own diary Full UK Driving Licence It is also essential that you are able to work independently, managing your own time and travelling across Worcestershire and South Birmingham You will receive an excellent salary and benefits package, including:  Basic starting salary of ****  ****  Highly competitive bonus scheme  25 Days Leave  8 days bank holiday  Mobile Phone  2% employer contribution pension scheme.  ****ppm business mileage Please contact jack.englishalderwoodeducation for more information. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Alderwood Education are acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy