Title: Head of Mobile Marketing & Social Media
Webindex: 58687484
Company: JOBG8
Description: My Client requires a Head of Mobile Marketing & Social Media based in Warrington with a salary up to ****k depending on experience. This is an excellent opportunity to work for a brilliant well know company. Responsibilities include: Design and manage a highly acquisitive mobile marketing campaign across mobile display advertising, PPC, print advertising, TV advertising, SMS marketing and affiliate programmes. Work with the Business Intelligence team to analyse the successes of marketing campaigns and report back to the business, working with the Head of Marketing to ensure campaign delivery and maximum customer acquisition. Ensure that all activity conforms to a strict ROI and report against this on a weekly basis. Manage the roll out of new products across all platforms and marketing channels. Liaise with the online Product team to create crossplatform promotions where relevant and ensure consistency across the brand. Be instrumental in new product and new feature developments on the mobile platform. Develop a strong mobile CRM strategy. Responsible for executing a clearly defined social media strategy to increase customer acquisition, brand equity and awareness. Evaluate, plan, organise, manage and contribute all social media channels to reach customer acquisition and Management targets Develop a model whereby ROI for social channel can be monitored and evaluated as per all other marketing channels. Must analyse existing and potential Social media activities. Identify and interpret social media trends. Experience required: Online and mobile gaming experience essential. Marketing experience and related qualifications essential. Experience of developing and implementing social media strategies designed to acquire Customer's essential. Excellent time management, communication and coordination skills essential. Strong Microsoft Office skills mainly Excel essential. Technical understanding of databases and Business Intelligence desirable. Experience of HTML editing for emails, websites and online banner management desirable. Please email your CV ASAP. Recruitment Zone acting as an employment agency in regard to this advert.