Title: Internal Sales Executive  Machinery Sales
Webindex: 68258055
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Internal Sales Executive  Machinery Sales Slough, Berkshire ****  **** Plus Commission, Contributory Pension, Health Scheme, Travel Insurance, Death in Service, 25 Days' Holiday Based in Slough, our client is the Export Sales office for the Mantrac Group. Acting as the official Caterpillar dealer for East and West Africa, the Middle East and Siberia they offer their customers a complete range of new and used construction, mining and materials handling equipment and associated support services. Growing at a rate 20% yearonyear our client has ambitious plans to double in size over the next five years. An opportunity has now arisen for an Internal Sales Executive to join their team. This is the ideal role for a sales or telesales professional with technical sales experience looking to join a leading, authorised CAT dealer offering a brand new opening with the opportunity to develop and make the role their own. As an internal sales executive, you will be responsible for selling machines and generating leads over the telephone with our client's customers. You will seek out, contact and develop new customer business and develop existing customer accounts. You will also record and update customer equipment lists and sales plans to address future opportunities on the CRM system. Additionally, you will devise effective and creative ways to generate interest in our client's products and gain insight into customer's needs to provide a solution which meets their critical success factors. You will also work with internal departments to share information and take ownership of issues to ensure customer satisfaction. Furthermore, you will develop customer call cycles and plans, as well as establish and build long term meaningful customer relationships with a focus on increasing sales of Caterpillar Used Equipment. To be considered for this role, you must have:  At least one years' experience of working in a sales environment, preferably telesales  Experience of technical sales  Experience of using a CRM system Additionally, as an Internal Sales Executive, you must be highly organised with a proactive and enthusiastic approach. A good telephone manner and excellent written and verbal communication skills are also key. Experience of selling Caterpillar equipment or a similar product would be beneficial to your application, as would experience of B2B sales. To apply for the role of Internal Sales Executive, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Internal Sales Executive, Junior Sales Executive, Sales Executive, Telesales Executive, Telesales Advisor, Telesales Executive, Sales Representative, Telesales Representative, Sales Advisor, Technical Sales Executive, Technical Sales Consultant. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/InternalSalesExecutiveMachinerySales_job****