Title: Sales Manager  Waste Water Treatment ****k****kCar Bucks
Webindex: 71198443
Company: Hammond Recruitment
Description: Sales Marketing Manager / General Manager Designate Job Description My Client is a successful supplier of Effluent Treatment Systems and Product Recovery Systems to the industrial sector. They specialise in the treatment of difficult effluents using Membrane Processes. They now have an excellent opportunity for a Sales Marketing Manager who will be responsible for finding new markets for existing processes and developing new processes for the growing effluent control market. The successful candidate must have: Experience in selling capital plants to major industrial companies Ability to identify and develop new markets Good interpersonal and communication skills Commercial awareness They are a small Waste Water Treatment Contractor with an excellent track record and a reputation for innovative solutions to their clients problems. They are now looking for a senior Sales and Marketing professional to promote their business in new markets. Candidates should preferably have a degree level qualification in Chemistry or Chemical Engineering and experience in Water/Waste Water Treatment. Previous experience with membrane processes and/or Oil and Gas industry would be a distinct advantage. After many years building the company the current Owner/Managing Director is looking, in the medium term, to take a back seat and the successful candidate would be ideally positioned to take over as General Manager. They offer an attractive package including Health Insurance, Company Car (or car allowance), Personal Pension contributions and possible equity share. The following would be desirable: Chemistry or Chemical Engineering qualification (Degree Level) Computer Literacy Knowledge of Reverse Osmosis Membranes or Knowledge of Waste Treatment Systems International exposure European Language I look forward to seeing your CV. Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.