Title: Direct Sales / Field Sales Executives
Webindex: 71848624
Company: Fixed Recruitment
Description: Our client is proud to be a British manufacturer. They are Europe's largest manufacturer and supplier of conservatory blinds, window blinds and shutters. They have been manufacturing blinds in Britain for over 20 years. From this experience they have created an extensive range of over **** different styles, colours and shading options for their consumers to choose from. Due to our clients recent success and growth we now have opportunities in Aberdeen, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Stirling, and Lanarkshire for Experienced Direct Sales / Field Sales Executives to be part of our clients ongoing success. Appointments An abundance of highly qualified appointments generated from our website, press advertising, Internal Sales team and nationwide exhibitions. This includes over **** partners who all exclusively recommend our clients products to their customers including Everest, Anglian Home Improvements and our their partnership with Laura Ashley, Multiyork Furniture and Fired Earth to name a few. Over 25% of our clients business generated is through recommendations from their partnerships. The Role Training A comprehensive week of Induction training and ongoing training is available to all our Executives and is delivered by our clients inhouse team. Support You will be working as part of a small field based team working together under the leadership of an area sales manager. Your manager will be your main point of contact and will support you training and coaching you as required in the field. You will also have full support from our in house customer service teams. Earnings and incentives In return for your commitment, we will reward you with  As a Field Sales Executive working for our client you can expect a realistic opportunity of earning ****K OTE in your first year and the opportunity to double that going forward. You will be paid via BACS every week allowing you to start earning money fast.  All our clients Field Sales Executives also benefit from regular sales events and incentives. Expect invitations to our family fun day, summer ball and casino weekend and the opportunity to win holidays to destinations such as Abu Dhabi, Miami ,Bermuda, Paradise Island, Atlantis and Las Vegas for you and your family to enjoy. The Ideal Candidate will  The ideal Field Sales Executive will have a full UK driving licence with access to a vehicle, mobile telephone and laptop  As a Field Sales Executive working for our client you will be self motivated with excellent sales and communication skills with a proven track record in sales.  The successful Field Sales Executive will be Ethical, professional with a high standard of personal presentation  An experienced Field Sales Executive will have excellent organisational and planning skills.  The most important thing is our Field Sales Executive thrive on closing new business  The Field Sales Executive will also have basic IT literacy skills  To qualify for the Field Sales Executive role you must be eligible to work in the UK  Being selfmotivated is a must along with having a real passion for sales and the ability to engage with people. This role requires you to travel around a designated area in all weathers, so you will need to have a real determination to put the customer first and have willingness to succeed. We are looking for Experienced Field Sales Executives that have a proven track record of increasing sales figures in their previous employment. If you feel you have the necessary skill sets listed above then we love to hear from you. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a reputable company that can offer serious financial rewards. Last year our top Field Sales Executive earned in excess of **** Apply Below Today to become a part of our success and to get the earnings you deserve Don't Miss This One This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DirectSalesFieldSalesExecutives_job****