Title: Multilingual International Account Manager
Webindex: 69805048
Company: Work Recruitment
Description: Multilingual International Account Manager  **** / 28,000 Multilingual International Account Manager to speak / write: English, French and Spanish (German would be beneficial) Work Recruitment is pleased to be assisting a leading technology company based in the heart of Cambridge. Due to ongoing business / client growth they are looking for an experienced International Account Manager who can speak, English, Spanish and French to aide in further growth and new business exposure across Europe, America and South America. Key Responsibilities: Use social media to generate new business exposure and maintain a strategy to help in the growth of worldwide accounts. Supporting Senior Account Managers in multilingual translation of product information, marketing literature and company information for use of clients in languages, German, French and Spanish. Coordinate and project manage international conferences and trade literature in all language a listed above. Prepare detailed marketing literature and industry specific marketing material. Manage and update multilingual content for use on website and other online media. Provide multilingual business support to Senior Account Managers including order tracking, queries, product information and administration / customer support. Candidate Requirements: Languages: English (Fluent), French (Fluent), Spanish (Fluent) Experience of working within similar role Excellent communication skills in all languages listed above Creative nature and experience of working with social media to grow new business Experience of working with clients and working to tight deadlines Experience of creating marketing literature and copy writing / proof reading Candidates should ideally live within the Cambridge area as not relocation package is offered with this role Full UK drivers licence and own transport would be a bonus as some UK travel required Ability to live and work within the UK We welcome applications from any candidate who feel they can complete the above role, although at this stage preference will be given to those who speak all languages listed. Candidates can apply with a CV in a Word .doc file. Work Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer. Work Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MultilingualInternationalAccountManager_job****