Title: BUILDERS MERCHANTS  SENIOR INTERNAL SALES
Webindex: 67948806
Company: Sales Recruitment Services   SRS UK Ltd
Description: Vacancy No **** Job Title BUILDERS MERCHANTS SALES  HERTFORDSHIRE Job Description We are retained by one of the UK s leading specialist independent distributors of Civil Engineering Products Heavyside Building Materials. With an annual turnover in excess of 60m our Client is regarded as being Market Leaders in their sector with operations throughout the UK. Due to continued success our client is seeking to recruit a professional SENIOR INTERNAL SALES TRADER to join their already successful team at their HERTFORDSHIRE operation. The successful Candidate must be able to show a good aptitude along with drive, ambition, the ability to work calmly and methodically under pressure, the ability to ensure customers requirements are fulfilled and be willing to go the extra mile to build up relationships with customers. Ideally you will have experience in the sales of Civil Engineering Building Products (Bricks, Blocks, Lintels, Drainage, Plasterboard, Insulation, Civils etc.) to Civil Engineers, Ground workers, Builders, Contractors, Sub Contractors etc on both an ex yard and direct to site basis in a Builders Merchants or Specialist Distributor operation. Our Client s business is built on the success of allowing their sales staff to negotiate profitable sales instead of having to adhere to price book policies. As this is a key role in our client s organisation they are willing to offer a very attractive salary package to the right Candidate. Location/Area HERTFORDSHIRE Salary Up to Circa ****k basic Benefits Car or Car User Scheme Personal Specification Ideally you will have experience in the sales of Civil Engineering or Building Products (Bricks, Blocks, Lintels, Drainage, Plasterboards, Insulation, Civils etc.) to Civil Engineers, Ground Workers, Builders, Contractors, Housebuilders, Developers etc on both an ex yard and direct to site basis in a Builders Merchants or Specialist Distributor operation.