Title: Permanent Recruitment Consultant Warm Desk
Webindex: 68564161
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Permanent Recruitment Consultant London  Competitive Salary  Warm Desk Recruitment at Pioneer is a career, not just a job. Pioneer is a global provider of Enterprise Technology staff. Our management team has over 35 years' experience in ERP, CRM, ECM and BI technology sectors, with a proven track record of supplying subject matter experts and entire project teams to some of the largest SAP, Oracle, Agresso, Siebel, SharePoint and BI projects in the world. The Role: A fantastic opportunity for a Permanent Recruiter We are looking to hire a Recruitment Consultant to work the Permanent side of our TOP BILLING market. As a Permanent Recruitment Consultant the focus of your role will be to act as the main point of contact between clients and candidates. To ensure the highest levels of customer service are maintained during the matching and supplying of high quality candidates to our clients and therefore ensuring that targets are met. This is a sales focused role and business development will also be an integral part of the job. What's in it for you as a Permanent Recruitment Consultant?  ****k salary depending on experience  Up to 35% Personal Commission  Support and direction to build your own team  Incentives: Trips to New York, Barcelona, Las Vegas, Lunch Club etc What do we want to see in the Permanent Recruitment Consultant for this warm desk?  Ideally from a recruitment background of Accountancy or Finance (other areas will be considered)  Minimum of 2 years permanent recruitment experience  Structured, motivated and business like approach  Team player with a cando approach  Must be able to prove previous billings At Pioneer, we will provide you with a structured training and development programme to ensure that you realise your full potential, whether you aspire to become a Key Account Manager or the next Managing Director the choice is yours. So if you want to join a fun, autonomous and multicultural work environment, whilst making your mark on a rapidly expanding business as a Permanent Recruitment Consultant  contact: Ami Kaur or email me. Please send an uptodate Word CV for further information. Pioneer Consulting is acting in its capacity as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. Pioneer Consulting embraces diversity and we treat everyone equally.