Title: IT Sales and Business Development Manager
Webindex: 69595276
Company: Technology Means Business Group
Description: Sales Business Development Manager  Leading IT Technology Solutions provider based in Colchester, Essex. Up to **** basic plus incentives and excellent benefits package, OTE ****k Technology Means Business Group is currently recruiting for the position of Sales Business Development Manager to join our team. This is a fantastic opportunity to play a pivotal role in an extremely successful and progressive organisation. Technology Means Business Group is a leading provider of Infrastructure Accounting Software Solutions to the SME marketplace providing traditional onpremise solutions as well as cloud computing solutions. We operate across the south east of England with offices in Hampshire, Essex Kent. The successful Sales Business Development Manager will be responsible for inspiring, managing and developing the sales team. The Manager’s objective is to build a positive culture within the team in support of the company’s strategic objectives. Ideally you will have experience managing a sales team and sales processes in an IT reseller environment. Main Responsibilities : To manage and work with the sales team to develop a strong pipeline of sales by: Understanding and influencing customer requirements Advising customers on solutions to these needs Communicating value propositions Developing winning solution proposals Devising and implementing a winning sales strategy  To meet company sales target as set out for each financial year. To report to the Sales Director on a regular basis with your plans on how to reach the agreed target. To provide an objective commercial perspective on all opportunities with the aim of achieving a satisfactory conversion rate. To coordinate the preparation and submission of high quality proposals to customers. Attend present at customer meetings and seminars to aid business development.  To develop sales to new and existing business using agreed effective, appropriate and ethical sales methods The successful candidate will:  Demonstrate a positive attitude; inspire confidence in colleagues and customers.  Possess experience and a strong track record in sales, preferably in an IT reseller / Solution Provider environment of IT infrastructure solutions and/or selling accounting solutions software such as Pegasus, NetSuite, Sage, or other business accounting software.  Possess well developed sales skills from qualifying leads, visiting clients, product demonstrations, liaising with presales technical resource, proposal creation and successfully negotiating closure.  Demonstrate your ability to build lasting relationships and deliver exceptional customer service.  Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as a very high level of computer literacy. This is an excellent opportunity to join and grow with an expanding business based in the South East. If you wish to be considered for the role of Sales Business Development Manager, please forward your CV, in confidence, stating current remuneration details and availability. No Agencies. Company profile: Technology Means Business Group is a leading supplier of Infrastructure Accounting Solutions to SME businesses in the South East operating out of offices in Hampshire, Essex Kent. As a Microsoft Gold Partner Pegasus Centre of Excellence we pride ourselves on the quality, skill and service that our people deliver. We work with progressive organisations to deliver real business value and competitive advantage through the use of IT technologies and practices. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITSalesandBusinessDevelopmentManager_job****