Title: Sales Executive  Online
Webindex: 71170856
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Sales Executive  Online ****  comm Our Client, a leading digital media company is looking to recruit a Sales Executive to join their prestigious London team. NO ONLINE EXPERIENCE REQUIRED As Sales Executive you will be working across multiple brands and initiatives and be responsible for managing a portfolio of clients as well as new businness development. You will be enthusiastic and assertive, confidently developing strong relationships with agencies and their brand advertisers. With excellent communication and sales skills you will drive the business forward. Interactive advertising experience is a must andstrong knowledge of branding, marketing and media planning. This is an exciting opportunity to work for one of the industry's leading travel websites. If you believe you have the skills and qualities for this role, apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Sales Executive include: . Selling digital products . Developing good working relationships with key clients . Providing appropriate commercial solutions whilst maximising revenue . Acting as a central point of contact for key customers . Driving and maximising sales targets . Creating innovative ways in which to build business from individual accounts Qualities we're looking for in the Sales Executive include: . Previous media sales/online experience in the digital market . A proven track record of working within a target driven environment and achieving these targets consistently . A thorough understanding of online media and the market . Strong knowledge of branding, marketing and media planning . Experience selling to advertising agencies . Excellent clientfacing and telephone sales skills . Excellent negotiation, presentation and organisational skills . Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal . A selfmotivated and proactive individual . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveOnline_job****