Title: Custom Publishing, Key Accounts Manager
Webindex: 71089888
Company: RACONTEUR MEDIA LTD
Description: Established in September **** Raconteur Media is a specialinterest media company and publisher of premium special reports exclusively for The Times, The Sunday Times, and The Week. Raconteur also produces custom projects, industry surveys and digital publishing solutions such as microsites and tablet apps. We cover a vast range of pertinent topics; business, technology, sustainability, lifestyle and the arts. Raconteur has also won, and been shortlisted for, several industry awards over the past 3 years  most notably as winners of “Young Entrepreneur of the Year” at the Startups Awards ****0****0 and as finalist in the New Brand category at the Marketing Society Awards 2011. After achieving great success and brand recognition in Raconteur’s special interest reports print division this method, Raconteur intends to leverage its brand, knowhow and ambition in launching a Content Marketing Division for new and existing clients, commencement January, 2013. The core purpose of this division will be to pitch and sell fully integrated custom content solutions directly to clients and to create longterm relationship with key accounts and large brands. In this role, the ideal candidate will research a particular sector, engage and sell to decision makers at organisations, manage and facilitate a smooth production process and deliver a market leading product. The Key Accounts Manager will work closely with the Production Manager, our design and production house, as well as members of our editorial staff to meet a client’s exact publishing needs. This is a clientfacing sales role and the right candidate will need to be able to demonstrate strong business development skills as well as a desire and hunger to win new business. The candidate will be tasked with bringing in revenue of ****k of new business and have the opportunity to sell sponsorship packages to clients for print distribution in The Times, The Sunday Times and The Week magazine. The ideal candidate would be internally promoted within a short period to a management role with further commercial responsibilities. Skills Preferred: Proven strong commercial acumen and research skills Consistently generate new business possibilities from these agencies. Demonstrable and sustainable high level of energy and enthusiasm Selfmotivated and able to work independently Superb communication skills in spoken and written English Clear entrepreneurial flair and passion for doing business Able to work and perform in a high pressured environment Sense of humour and outgoing Interest in current affairs/industries/publishing Strong academic background, a 2:1 Bachelor degree minimum from a top 30 University Excellent organisational skills Benefits: Raconteur Media offers an exciting salary and reward package for University educated, bright and selfmotivated high achievers. In addition we offer 20 days holiday excluding public holidays, health and dental insurance and a generous commission structure.