Title: Sponsorship Sales
Webindex: 69635411
Company: Marcus Evans
Description: Sponsorship Sales Executive  B2B Sales executive  New business Development Executive  Business Development Manager  Entry Level Sales  Event Sales  Sponsorship Sales  International Sales Executive Who are we? marcus evans www.marcusevans.com is the world's leading business intelligence and events organisation with 63 offices worldwide. We are privately owned by Marcus Evans and have been in the industry 35 years. We host and organise 2,500 executivelevel business events per year over **** focussed industry sectors including finance, legal, pharmaceutical and technology. We are currently offering exceptional individuals the chance to join our Summits team as an International Sales Executive. What is the job role? This is a geunine opportunity for someone who wants a career in B2B sales. It is a new business sales role within our premier events division, Summits which involves researching leads, calling Clevel executives and pitching them to attend our events. As you establish your new business clients, your role develops into an Account Management and face to face B2B sales role which involves travelling to attend the Summits in to meet your clients and rebook them to the next year's event or multiple events What are the opportunities?  Basic  very high uncapped earnings, average earnings in 1st year are ****  A clear and transparent promotion structure. High achievers quickly progress within the company to develop their international careers as we only promote from within  Comprehensive and ongoing sales and business training from the best in the industry  Travel to meet clients face to face in 5 locations in Monte Carlo, Geneva, Munich, Miami, Las Vegas, Chicago, Singapore, Macau, Tokyo  The opportunity to work with some of the world?s largest organisations  A friendly team environment with likeminded colleagues What are we looking for?  A track record of high achievement and success, in or outside university/work place  Excellent verbal communication and command of English language  Team players with a positive and confident 'can do' attitude  A minimum academic qualification of a university degree (or equivalent)  B2B sales experience is not essential but highly desirable  A high level of business acumen and ability to learn quickly from our business leaders This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SponsorshipSales_job****