Title: Ticket Sales Manager  Football Club
Webindex: 71857125
Company: AstuteJobs Ltd
Description: Ticket Sales Manager  Stoke City Football Club  Premier League ****k  30k OTE  ****x season tickets  Pension Stoke 9am  5.30pm  Matchdays Stoke City Football Club are actively seeking a great individual to join their growing and successful Commercial Department in a Sales Manager position focused on group ticket sales. A new position, you ll be tasked with Managing a small team selling group tickets linked with unique match day experiences such as mascot packages, stadium tours meet the players. You ll be running a small sales team selling to companies, sporting clubs fans via phone prospecting and also by personal appointments at places such as community groups and schools. A handson approach is a must with a background in target driven sales environments, managing and mentoring sales executives. Experience:  Prior Management experience, 5 years   Experience in ticket sales, telemarketing, appointment scheduling or coldcalling techniques is essential.  Client facing experience in a sales capacity is required  Strength in time management, administrative ability, organization, and customer service skills.  Ability to run a sales team handson, meet targets and set KPIs  High energy; ability to remain focused on sales goals and work independently.  Ability to work flexible hours, including evenings, weekends and holidays. Key Responsibilities:  Managing a sales team of ****  Setting target and KPIs management, cold calling, business development and corporate hospitality.  Building strong relationships with school football coaches, principals, football leagues other sporting clubs.  Managing planning the event on the day, delivering an unbelievable experience and then rebooking for another game.  Creating and developing new business by regularly pitching new prospects through stadium tours, external appointments, and phone prospecting.  Managing all personal accounts and work with the ticket office department to provide the highest level of customer service throughout the season.  Developing new sales initiatives, and/or prospecting clients at the stadium. The role is based at The Britannia Stadium, Stoke City, paying c****k as a base salary with first year OTE likely to be around 30k. In addition you ll get two season tickets and a very good pension scheme. Please forward your CV to darrenfootballexecutives.com