Title: Secure Payment Solutions Sales
Webindex: 69635762
Company: PMA Recruitment
Description: Secure Payment Solutions Sales ****k basic  ****k ote per annum  Excellent benefits Our client is a Global leader in secure Payment Solutions to a wide range of businesses that receive revenue via card payments. They process over a million payments a day and are perceived as a market leader in their field. In partnership with a major High Street Bank, they are looking to expand their UK salesforce in multiple locations within the UK. You will be responsible for converting leads arranged by the local branches of their Banking partner and creating new business opportunities when possible. Your target market will be merchants that use secure card payment systems such as hotels, retail outlets, bars, restaurants, garages etc. The potential client base is extensive and you will be responsible for maximising referrals and introductions from current and potential Bank Partner client relationships and for growing and maintaining those internal relationships within our Banking partner. The successful applicant will be financially and computer literate. You will ideally have experience of selling to SME business in a new business capacity and your new business and relationship skills will be developed enough to ensure that you have a successful track record in over achieving sales targets and have an extensive understanding of the sales process. The opportunities within this partnership are extensive and we therefore are seeking a high level of applicant and have instructed PMA Recruitment to screen for the highest calibre. We have had success in recruiting candidates from sales backgrounds such as Directory advertising, Office equipment and credit card services. To apply, please send a copy of your CV to our advising consultant Daniel Morton at PMA Sales Recruitment on jobspmarecruitment.co.uk quoting DM1****. KEY WORDS: Software Sales, Yell, thomsons, BUPA, denplan, American Express, amex, account manager, payment solutions, credit transactions, Sales, Field Sales, new business, IT sales, Canon, Pitney Bowes, Dun Bradstreet, O2. Due to the nature of our business we will only reply to those candidates who we feel have the relevant experience for this role. Based in London, PMA Sales Recruitment specialise in recruiting for sales vacancies at of all levels of Sales roles including Sales Executives, Account Managers, Sales Managers, Sales Directors and Telesales Executives/Internal Sales. The sales roles that we manage and recruit for are across the spectrum including IT sales, Telecom sales, Media sales, Financial sales, Information sales, Hosting sales and general Business to Business Sales positions and Sales jobs. For more opportunities see www.pmarecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SecurePaymentSolutionsSales_job****