Title: National Account Manager  Retail Multiples
Webindex: 66887237
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: National Account Manager  Retail Multiples Ref: **** Location: West Midlands/South Midlands THE ROLE: We are assisting our client in the appointment of a new National Account Manager to join our client s business on an immediate basis, this is a position that has arisen through continued business growth and new product development. This is a massive opportunity to join a business that has enjoyed incredible year on year growth for the last five years and has extremely ambitious plans to continue this growth and double the business trading figures within the next two years. As a business they are highly profitable, work to excellent margins and are extremely well financed to deliver new products bespoke to client s needs. This role will be responsible for managing the sale of products into the National Multiples, as a candidate your product background is less relevant but what is crucial is that you have genuine drive and ambition and are able to demonstrate real and significant growth and successes in previous roles that you have had. You must have at least 5 years dealing with National Mults within the FMCG consumer goods sector (food or nonfood). Ideal candidate location is West and South Midlands, Warwickshire, Oxfordshire, Northants. THE COMPANY: Our client is one of the fastest growing FMCG businesses within the UK and is a business based on passionate and driven employees where a strong reward package is on offer to all employees. The business has exceeded all growth projections for the last 5 years and their future growth plans are on course to bring about double growth figures by 2015. As a business they import and package goods that sit within the everyday toy and giftware sector, they are a market leader within their niche product category and have more opportunities being presented to them than they can currently manage, hence the fabulous opportunity to join at this current time of high level growth. They enjoy a relatively flat structure that allows strong and consistent support to all employees but also gives individuals the opportunity to drive the business, influence change and strategy and be a major part of the businesses future. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Essential to have FMCG sales experience (at least 5 years), selling food or nonfood products ideally within an organisation where you have experience of being hands on Must have experience of selling into National Multiples It is ESSENTIAL that you are able to demonstrate solid experience of achieving significant results and lasting relationships with the high end national retailers Excellent verbal and written communication skills, able to present at all levels Strong commercial acumen, able to negotiate effectively and ensure that budgets are met Background of introducing new revenue streams within the UK retail market Experience of managing promotions effectively Good team player, works well within a team but also able to flourish independently THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: ****k base  20% bonus  benefits  car or car allowance To apply please email or call (Apply online only) to discuss further. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career