Title: Telesales Account Manager (South Dublin)
Webindex: 69804429
Company: Capstone Recruitment
Description: Telesales Account Manager (South Dublin  Ireland) GENERAL SUMMARY: The Account manager will be responsible for the management of a specific group of my client’s customer base. This role will deliver revenue growth through up selling and cross selling of existing products and services into your designated account base. Experience in good customer service as well as an excellent telesales track record is key for success in this role. The successful candidate will take responsibility for ensuring that all my client’s new customers are welcomed to the organisation in an appropriate manner. In addition they will ensure that each customer has an account management plan which focuses on increasing product penetration and gaining customer longevity. The account manager will take direction from the Manger of account management team. This will include achieving revenue targets, in year new business and additional product penetration targets as well as ensuring the attrition of customers is minimised. JOB FUNCTIONS: Achieve sales targets as agreed with line manager. Achieve customer retention objectives as agreed with line manager Ensure an effective welcome process and account management plan is maintained for each customer. With a key focus on ensuring the number of days taken from customers moving from open status to batch status is within agreed time frame. Proactively up sell and cross sell products and services into your existing customers . This activity will include but not be limited to the additional product / service sales Proactively contact customers whose accounts are not performing profitably and reprice to ensure that they become more profitable. Responsible for forecast of: revenue in year new business. Update systems as required to record customer contact activity Interface with other departments to ensure customer issues are dealt with quickly and effectively. KEY REQUIREMENTS Resultsoriented and highly motivated to achieve best possible results for both customer and my client Previous telesales / sales experience is essential Proven account management success Well developed sales skills An excellent telephone manner. Good communication skills, both orally and in writing Excellent organizational and analytical skills Ability to learn quickly Strong focus on customer excellence and satisfaction Good negotiation skills High attention to detail Flexible, reliable proven team player Can work on own initiative Good PC skills – MS Office, webbased applications This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelesalesAccountManagerSouthDublin_job****