Title: GRADUATE/TRAINEE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT  FULL TRAINING GIVEN
Webindex: 68063731
Company: Ask Associates
Description: Our client, based in Wilmslow, is truly a market leader within the I.T sector of the recruitment industry. Due to continued success and huge growth over the last few months they are now looking to add **** x trainee recruitment ocnsultants to their highly successful, professional and hard working team of recruiters. The company Our Client is a specialist IT recruitment consultancy dedicated to providing comprehensive IT recruitment solutions to all industry sectors throughout the UK. Since their inception in October **** they have introduced both permanent and temporary IT professionals to a range of businesses across the country. By providing costeffective, lowrisk recruitment solutions, they have developed an extensive client list that includes many blue chip, international PLC’s and local and national SME companies. The Candidate The ideal candidates for these trainee recruitment consutlant positions with be a graduate or graduate calibre with drive, passion and self motivation with a clear commitment for success. You will be sales focused with good communication skills and even better listening skills. You will enjoy a challenge and have the ability to perform under pressure. Enthusiastic, competitive, resilient, ambitious and have a strong work ethic. A team player who can also happily work alone, can work to targets and deadline and have the ability to think on your feet. The Rewards A full, thorough, comprehensive and ongoing trainee recruitment consultant training scheme designed to develop both your skill set and personal development. You will be trained in all aspects of the consultant’s role from in depth sales techniques, interviewing selection, account management, general business practises, technology and people management. Your business acumen and leadership skills will also be developed and honed to help you quickly climb the career ladder and achieve not only company goals but your personal ones as well. You will receive a generous basic salary and an uncapped commission scheme that rewards you with up to 40% of what you generate back in bonus payments There is also a car allowance scheme in place and high achievers are regularly rewarded with trips abroad (New York Monte Carlo to name but a couple, additional bonus payments, meals out at top restaurants and additional holidays. All this on top of the fact that you are working for a true market leader in one of the most lucrative sectors of recruitment and for a company that truly promotes hard work and achievement that has a policy of growing organically and providing the best opportunity for career development in a professional, lively, stimulating environment. If you are truly committed to a career in professional sales and recruitment then this is the opportunity for you Reply to this email registering your interest and we will contact you to discuss in more detail This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GRADUATETRAINEERECRUITMENTCONSULTANTFULLTRAININGGIVEN_job****