Title: Turn your gaming hobby into a career IMMEDIATE START
Webindex: 68090757
Company: Dominion Acquisitions
Description: Turn your gaming hobby into a career IMMEDIATE START Do You Love Movies? Do You Have Great Customer Service? Are You 'ACE' at playing video games? Work with our newest client as a customer service and new customer acquisition rep that has Britain's largest range of films and games  **** titles and counting A diversity of interesting challenging projects Friendly, multidiscipline company Respected client and expanding campaigns We are an established name in customer service and new customer acquisition , and are looking for someone who loves movies to help us in our new film sales media campaigns Our new customer acquisition representatives put their feet on the street and meet with consumers during their normal routines. We like to take a grass roots approach in the local community, targeting people at their residences because this is where they'll be using the service. Our client has in a little over seven years become the leading European film subscription service, combining the benefits of DVD rental by post and, more recently, and watching movies online. Customers choose from a selection of over **** titles available across Bluray, DVDs, video games and digital streaming. Our client currently has nearly 1.6 million members and operates in the UK, Germany, Sweden, Denmark, and Norway. However they want to continue this growth so we are looking to work with selfmotivated and enthusiastic individuals to help us with this expansion in the LONDON area To be successful in this customer service and new customer acquisition opening , you will have:  Great customer service skills since you'll be meeting with members of the public (or potential customers) facetoface however no sales experience is necessary A bubbly and friendly attitude towards work, life, the team and customers Be hard working and self motivated Be able to work well independently No previous experience is required as we will provide full product training through both practical and theoretical workshops. However, knowledge of trivia, sports and usage of an iPad can speed up the learning process This is an excellent platform to develop in a business role. We are, therefore, seeking an individual that is ambitious and driven to exceed all sales expectations. All compensation is paid weekly and is based entirely on the individuals completed sales at the end of the financial week. Compensation involves uncapped earnings and bonuses, with average earnings of up to **** to ****/week. If you feel you have the personality to succeed, then forward a copy of your CV to Dominion Acquisitions for Immediate consideration. The best individuals for this opportunity would be ideally over the age of **** and looking to fulfil full time hours. This is a self employed opportunity. We will be inviting the top applicants to spend a full, unearned day observing how we interact with customers on a face to face level in the London area before a final decision is reached. You’ll be observing rather than taking an active role in the sales process, which means. you will not be entitled to compensation. This helps us both make a more educated decision about your ability to represent our client. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TurnyourgaminghobbyintoacareerIMMEDIATESTART_job****