Title: Sales Manager – Wind turbine controls
Webindex: 70253966
Company: TMP & Associates Ltd
Description: A critical role in developing new business The Company Our client is a technology company supplying ultrasonic wind sensors to the wind turbine industry and other sectors.Over 95% of the company revenues are gained from export sales to all major geographical areas of the world including Europe, North America and the Far East . The Opportunity As part of its development strategy the company has become the worldwide distributor for an innovative low cost LIDAR for wind turbine control. They now requirea Sales Manager to lead the sales development of this technology to its Wind Turbine Customers worldwide. This will involve customer presentations, account management, setting up trials, contract negotiation and crucially understanding how customers are using the product and what they can get from it. The company already sells to many of the target customers and understands who are the key contacts. The primary focus is sales led but the role will also have a key responsibility in managing the relationship with the manufacturer and developing promotional materials with the rest of the company’s commercial team. The role will report to the Director of Business Development and will be part of the **** person Sales and Marketing team; it will also work closely with the European Sales Director in Denmark and the Director of North American Operations in Texas.It is expected that this role will involve substantial travel to Denmark, Germany and Spain and more limited travel to the United States; if the business develops as planned then travel to Asia and China could also be likely. This role will be critical in developing new business and building on the success to date of the company. The Candidate The successful candidate will ideally have a good track record of sales development in the wind turbine industry and will have worked with electronic devices or sensors. However it is recognised that a perfect experience fit may be hard to achieve and so we are looking for at least three of the following:  Education: BSc/BEng/MSc in electronic engineering  Education: Degree in an Engineering or Science subject  Good direct experience in the wind turbine, wind farms industry or wind assessment industries  Strong and successful track record in developing sales in a business to business, long sales cycle, technical sales environment  Strong track record of developing sales and account management in a multinational environment  Experience of managing and negotiating large business to business contracts It is also expected that the candidate will have flexible approach to their work but will be able to structure and manage their own time and negotiate their own targets. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerWindturbinecontrols_job****