Title: Programme Office Consultant
Webindex: 71418749
Company: INTERACTION RECRUITMENT
Description: Purpose of Assignment – detail what this role needs to achieve/deliver Responsible for contributing to the end to end shaping, management and delivery of governance, control, reporting and resource management mechanisms Production of MI ensuring it delivers intelligent analysis and content in a format appropriate to customers and stakeholders. To support governance and control across the required programme To track, monitor and report on crossproject dependencies to include the defining and integrating of key dependencies into the project and programme plans. Engage external Programmes to ensure dependencies are fully defined, managed and communicated. Tracking of Programme and project level milestones and individual plans held in PPMC. Ensure all programme workstreams are in alignment with UKGI Change processes and procedures. Act as first port of call for the provision of advice/guidance relating to the application of UKGI Change Governance in PPM Centre, change documentation templates and processes. Ensure all Governance steps are highlighted in each of the project and programme plans and work with the project delivery team to ensure these documents are submitted for approval as planned and to the correct level of quality. Ensure all workstreams follow set procedures and processes as laid down by programme management. Drive Quality in all areas of governance throughout the programme. Provide adhoc support and coordination duties as requested by the PMO Manager or programme manager. To manage programme change control as required. Specific Skills/Qualifications or Experience Required  (Essential/Desirable) Previous PMO experience – Essential Good Communication skills, team player – Essential A good understanding of Project and Programme planning with demonstrable experience is defining and monitoring complex dependencies  Essential Methodical approach to work with a meticulous eye for detail  Essential Previous Aviva experience – Desirable Project Management / Programme Office qualifications – Desirable Accountabilities –. Develop and maintain robust relationships with project managers as well as the Programme manager. Facilitate project management processes To work on UKGI change activity as directed through the task assignment manager. Work with the PMO manager and Project Managers to build and maintain project, programme plans, milestone views and dependency logs. Support the processes to ensure all resource requirements for the project are identified and managed This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProgrammeOfficeConsultant_job****