Title: Sales Executive – European Comms/IT Reseller – Scotland – ESP ****
Webindex: 69188284
Company: Enterprise Sales Personnel
Description: Rapidly expanding recognised Unified Communications and IT Company are looking for a hungry Sales Executive to join their ambitious organisation. This company specialises in selling Unified Communications and Technology products into the Public/Private sector. They require an individual who has is motivated to join an ambitious company and is willing to learn and develop their career within the organisation. The portfolio consists of IP Telephony, Hosted IP solutions, Calls, Lines, IT solutions and many more market leading products. The company partners with a range of Tier **** vendors allowing them access to some of the most cutting edge technology. The role is New Business focused with the opportunity to upsell into their existing midmarket customer base. The role offers a developed training programme working closely alongside the Sales Manager in Scotland. The company has a fully functioning office in the Central Belt to provide technical and internal support. The role is flexible to work from home once you are established in the business. It is very important that if you apply for this position that you have a stable, proventrack record of success of selling Telecommunications. Skills that the successful candidate will need for this role includes:  A proven track record in Telco/IT solution sales  Consistently achieved sales targets  Have previously sold Telecoms/IT Solutions for **** year or more  Motivated to earn  Passionate about working for an up and coming organisation  Have experience of selling to a brand new business capacity About Enterprise Sales Personnel Enterprise Sales Personnel is a niche recruitment business operating in the Scottish marketplace. We recruit for a wide range of bluechip smaller high profile companies whose business is in providing Professional Services, Management Consultancy, Systems Integration and IT Hardware Software. We will treat you with courtesy and dignity and totally respect your need for confidentiality and our Consultants will take time to properly understand your aspirations and your skills Keywords: New Business, Account Development, Business Intelligence, Account Manager, Technology, IT, Infrastructure, Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Manager, BDM, BDC, Business Development Consultant, IT, Complex Solutions, Solution Sales, Software Sales, Enterprise Sales, Telecommunications This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveEuropeanCommsITResellerScotlandESP****_job****