Title: SEN Recruitment Consultant – Experienced Education Recruitment
Webindex: 69801655
Company: Factus Recruitment Ltd
Description: SEN Recruitment Consultant – Experienced SEN Recruitment Consultant. Recruitment Opportunity of the week Earn what you are worth in Education Recruitment. If you’re reading this then you are already considering a stepup in your career in recruitment. Due to my clients continued success, they require an experienced SEN Recruitment Consultant, SEN Recruitment Manager to join them. Package and even commission is fully negotiable as they are a fully independent recruitment company. Rest assured, they will offer you the best deal in the industry if you can prove your current and past track record. They are also however looking for any 'experienced' Education Recruitment Consultants also. Factus Recruitments client is committed to offering a first class, unbeatable service to its clients and its candidates. This underlines their belief that providing the very best teachers possible can only enhance the opportunities and prospects of their future generations. Consequently, they try to ensure that the match between client and candidate will be as close as possible to the criteria specified by schools and requested by teachers. Meeting the required criteria, where possible, results in satisfied schools, contented teachers and productive classes Being a privately owned Recruitment Agency, they are free to adapt its services and offerings to have the optimum impact and benefit for all its candidates and clients. By being selective and only putting forward “the right person for the right job”, they believe that they provide a service, which is effective, efficient and unrivalled within the Education Recruitment Sector. Factus are a Recruitment to Recruitment specialist, with one of their key focuses being in the Education Recruitment sector. All applications are strictly confidential. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SENRecruitmentConsultantExperiencedEducationRecruitment_job****