Title: Independent Sales Representative – FMCG
Webindex: 71430401
Company: CPG Executive
Description: Independent Sales Representative – FMCG About the Company: We are a wholesale, retail and online food import company. We have a long standing history of success across the UK and Europe and are now expanding our operations. To assist us with our growth we are now seeking to bring on an experienced Independent Sales Representative to work in a varied and selfdirected role. We are excellent at developing great relationships with new customers and this role will have a huge part to play in this. About the Independent Sales Representative role: This is an excellent opportunity for a sales person to prove their ability to sell to a variety of customers. This role will suit a sales person who wants to work on a commission basis. It will be a selfdirected field sales representative role selling to various different retailers, cash and carry and wholesalers. The role will ideally suit an individual who already is selling FMCG items to the retail sector and is looking to expand the products in his/her portfolio. The role will also include Account Management of existing clients to cross sell and upsell where possible. The role of the Sales Representative is to approach potential customers with the aim of winning new business. Typical Sales Representative Duties  Listening to customer requirements and presenting appropriately to make a sale.  Maintaining and developing relationships with existing customers in person and via telephone calls and emails.  Cold calling to arrange meetings with potential customers to prospect for new business.  Gaining a clear understanding of customers' businesses and requirements.  Responding to incoming email and phone enquiries.  Acting as a contact between a company and its existing and potential markets.  Conducting Account Management with existing clients to cross sell or upsell products.  Negotiating the terms of an agreement and closing sales.  Gathering market and customer information.  Representing the organisation at trade exhibitions, events and demonstrations.  Negotiating on price, costs, delivery and specifications with buyers and managers.  Challenging any objections with a view to getting the customer to buy.  Advising on forthcoming product developments and discussing special promotions.  Creating detailed proposal documents, often as part of a formal bidding process that is largely dictated by the prospective customer.  Liaising with suppliers to check the progress of existing orders.  Recording sales and order information and sending copies to the sales office, or entering into a computer system.  Reviewing your own sales performance, aiming to meet or exceed targets.  Making accurate, rapid cost calculations and providing customers with quotations.  Feeding future buying trends back to employers.  Attending team meeting and sharing best practice with colleagues. Sales Representative Requirements:  You will be completely fluent in English both written and spoken (Native Level).  Additional languages desirable. Slovakian or Czech preferred though not essential.  You will be used to working in a retail orientated field sales role.  Your own transport is essential.  You will have at least 2 years experience working in a sales environment.  You will be used to working toward and achieving sales targets.  You will be used to presenting to potential client both face to face and over the phone.  You will be used to working in a proactive and selfdirected environment.  You will be used to and enjoy working in a people orientated environment. Salary:  Ideally this role will suit an individual already selling to the Retail sector and wants to sell additional products to their customer base.  Salary for this role will be commission based and has an uncapped OTE of ****k per year. There is a high potential for a far greater earning depending on sales achieved. A sales person who proves themselves will also have potential to earn a base  commission. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/IndependentSalesRepresentativeFMCG_job****