Title: Account Manager  PPC
Webindex: 68258776
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: A Bolton based company is seeking a PPC Account Manager to join their expanding team. As a PPC Account Manager you will:  Create, develop, optimise and maintain PPC campaigns based on client set KPI`s.  Take over existing accounts and manage successfully.  Competently manage client PPC budgets.  Provide as required  daily, weekly and monthly reporting  back to the business and clients.  Make recommendations based on statistical data in order to achieve campaign objectives.  Actively monitor the PPC community and feedback relevant information to the team.  Strive to continue to actively learn and improve skills.  Educate the business on PPC and related best practises.  Work closely with all other departments in the business The ideal PPC Account Manager will hold the following skills and experiences:  Strong effective communicator.  Highly organised.  Confident presenter.  Excellent analytical, written and numerical skills.  In depth understanding of Google AdWords and BingAds.  Knowledge of bid management and optimisation techniques.  Understanding of a variety of tools available to research keywords, manage and optimise PPC campaigns.  Highly developed, demonstrated teamwork skills.  Experience with Google Analytics.  Experience with MS Office (Excel, Word, Outlook).  Experience with different bid management tools.  Experience with different analytics packages.  Understanding of web optimisation techniques would be beneficial. In return you will receive a salary of ****  **** depending on skills and experiences plus 20 days holiday  stats and a Pension. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/AccountManagerPPC_job****