Title: Telesales  Internal Sales Executive
Webindex: 68701517
Company: Software of Excellence
Description: About the company Software of Excellence has over ****0 years' experience in the dental market, SOE has developed into a world leader in providing practice management and marketing solutions to all types of dental practice. Experienced Market Leader  with over **** installed systems Worldwide and over 10 million Pounds invested in Research and Development we are clear market leaders in the United Kingdom, Australia, Ireland and New Zealand. Plus we have exciting, growing teams worldwide. SOE is part of Henry Schein Inc (NASDAQ: HSIC) which provides Innovative practice management and technology Solutions for Dental Professionals. Henry Schein employs nearly **** people and has operations or affiliates in 24 countries. The Company’s net sales reached a record $**** billion in 2011. For more information, visit the Henry Schein Web site at www.henryschein.com and Software of Excellence web site at www.soeidental.com About the job Due to the continued expansion of the Internal Sales Team within Software of Excellence an opportunity has risen for 2 additional Internal Sales Executives, reporting to the Internal Sales Manager. Key responsibilities To work within the Internal Sales Team to achieve preset Sales Targets selling value additional products and services to existing SOE customers, to offer a very high level of sales expertise and customer service and capture any information relevant to every communication on our CRM system. Experience and skills needed Experience in a fast paced sales role essential with a proven ability to hit and exceed targets. Truly excellent communication skills needed with an organized and flexible approach gained in a professional environment. Education and knowledge required Good general education (basic numeracy and literacy will be tested) – knowledge of the healthcare market particularly dentistry helpful but not essential. About our rewards We’ll expect you to go the extra mile, but we’ll also make sure you’re well rewarded. As well as a competitive salary and commission plan, we offer a variety other benefits. Not to mention the excellent development opportunities you’d expect from a worldwide Fortune **** company. Henry Schein UK Holdings is committed to the principle of equal opportunities in employment in all spheres of its operation. Henry Schein UK Holdings strives to operate a policy of equal opportunity and not discriminate against any person gender, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, age or any other characteristic protected by law. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelesalesInternalSalesExecutive_job****