Title: Digital Agency Sales Executive
Webindex: 66935462
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Digital Agency Sales Executive ****  Comm Our client, a leading UK creative media giant, is looking to recruit a Digital Agency Sales Executive to join their London based team. As a Digital Agency Sales Executive, you will be responsible for representing and promoting our client's business opportunities to media agencies. You will be assertive and target driven developing strategic agency plans to grow revenue share. With strong communication skills you will respond confidently when dealing with clients facetoface and via telephone securing strong relationships. With efficiency you will handle agency media briefs, service agency and client requirement with effective results. You will be highly organised and ensure all tasks are met with diligence and will have the ability to multitask inorder to maintain successful progress within your role. You will have previous B2B and digital agency sales experience within media with an understanding of the industry and agency business and clients. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of a thriving media company. If you have the skills, apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Digital Agency Sales Executive include: . Reaching and exceeding monthly and quarterly targets . Managing and representing the agreed agency portfolio both on and offline . Identifying key clients as part of a workable business plan . Effectively negotiate to achieve the best possible rates possible . Work with sponsorship team identify new revenue opportunities . Winning new clients and business with regular proactive presentations . Extend and grow revenue by producing and securing cross platform presentations Qualities we're looking for in the Digital Agency Sales Executive include . Previous experience working within B2B and digital agency sales within media is essential . An understanding of the marketing mix is essential . An understanding of the media sales process including traditional media and/or online is essential . Solid knowledge of the online sales market as well as internet technologies/software programmes such as Excel, PowerPoint and Word . Strong presentation and negotiation skills . Excellent communication skills both written and verbal is essential . Experience of dealing with major advertising agencies and clients at a senior level . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/DigitalAgencySalesExecutive_job****