Title: Manager  Farm Shop
Webindex: 71428337
Company: Leigh Farm Feeds
Description: The successful candidate will manage all aspects of a retail shop, located on a farm, and in particular will drive sales, manage, motivate, and develop the current shop team of **** You will manage stock replenishment as well as shop layout changes, and in the future may be responsible for cash reconciliation and banking. The Shop Manager will ensure the shop environment is safe, clean tidy, and welcoming to customers at all times, optimising all opportunities to meet and exceed sales targets. Critical to the success of the role will be your organisational skills; you will be process driven, and able to write and implement procedures and routines. The employer, Leigh Farm Feeds, is an arable farm business that incorporates a shop onsite that is a leading local supplier to customers (typically within a **** mile radius) the majority of whom visit the shop and collect their purchases; the remainder chose to use the delivery service offered. With a large product range spanning hundreds of lines from animal feeds and animal treatments through to wheelbarrows and grooming products, they continue to enjoy growth through increased footfall in the shop and through offering a delivery service. Annual shop sales are approaching ****mln and the expansion plan is to increase this figure by selling more products to even more customers on a daily basis. The ideal candidate for the position of farm Shop Manager will have previous managerial and retail expertise; experience gained in the sales and marketing of equestrian or pet feeds would be preferred. He/she will be computer literate with competency in MS Office (particularly Excel), show communication and organisational skills, with a real commitment to first class customer service. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Managing and motivating the store team toincrease sales and ensure efficiency as well as creating a 'personal' salesenvironment. Managing stock levels and making key decisions about stockcontrol. b) Compiling procedures for sales and stock ordering/replenishment. c) Analysing sales figures and forecasting future sales volumes to maximiseprofits. Analysing and interpreting trends to facilitate planning. d) Updating colleagues on business performance, new initiatives and otherpertinent issues. e) Dealing with staffing issues such as but not limited to: interviewingpotential staff, conducting appraisals and performance reviews; providingand/or organising ongoing training and development. f) Ensuring standards for quality, customer service and health and safety aremet and resolving health and safety, legal and security issues. g) Completing customer sales as and when required and responding to customercomplaints and comments. h) Maintaining awareness of market trends in the animal feed market,understanding forthcoming customer initiative and monitoring what localcompetitors are doing. i) Initiating changes to improve the business, e.g. revising opening hours toensure the store can compete effectively in the local market. j) Be an inspirational consultative sales driver and motivating a focussedsales team. k) Ensure high shop standards are achieved and maintained and protect thecompany stock from damage or theft. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Organisational skills b) Be process driven c) Minimum 2 years sales management c) A clear understanding of stock management, and merchandising d) Able to compile sales and margin reports e) Excellent communicator f) A handson team player who leads by example f) IT literate and highly numerate with ability to understand and analyse salesperformance. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Retail experience in the animal feed or equine industry b) Visual merchandising, advanced selling and negotiation skills c) AMTRA SQP d) Previous recruitment experience e) Profit Loss experience START DATE: **** TH March 2013 SALARY: ****K depending on experience PLUS 20%bonus HOURS: 40 hour week spread over 7 days i.e. some Sat/Sun work may be required This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManagerFarmShop_job****