Title: Regional Sales Manager – Automation
Webindex: 68685413
Company: Cheetham Hall Limited
Description: Regional Sales Manager – Automation East Midlands c ****  car, bonus and benefits Balluff is one of the top 3 manufacturers of detection, positioning and measurement sensors, industrial RFID, networking and connectivity systems. We supply advanced technology and state of the art electronics to our customers, who benefit from excellent service, application specific solutions and individual consultation. Customer sectors include automotive, packaging, fluid power, food, medical and steel. The business has been established for more than 90 years and we are now looking to expand our sales team, This role reports to the UK Head of Sales and will liaise regularly with the MD. The scope of the role is broad, encompassing planning the sale s s trategy for the region, developing account plans, agreeing sales budgets and delivering the agreed results. The position of the Regional Sales Manager has a great deal of autonomy, typically operating from a home base 1 day per week and visiting customers 4 days per week. The experience and knowledge we are seeking for the regional sales Manager includes: Technical understanding of automation systems, supported by a relevant Degree qualification. A successful track record selling to customers in one or more of the following sectors: automotive, food, packaging, fluid power, steel and medical. Evidence of having developed customer relationships resulting in increased sales. Clear and confident verbal and written communication skills. The intellect to see “the bigger picture” and understand how all the functions including sales need to interface to deliver an excellent service to customers. To respond please send a full CV to our retained consultants by clicking on the apply button below and quoting reference number TJ/****RSM. All direct and third party applications will be forwarded to Cheetham Hall. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalSalesManagerAutomation_job****