Title: Projects and Relationship Manager
Webindex: 71189654
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: As Projects and Relationship Manager you will contact, understand and develop strong relationships with young people and match them to appropriate volunteering opportunities. You will be responsible for charitable and notforprofit organisations to create and develop high quality full time volunteering opportunities which meet demand from young people across the charitable sector. Main duties will include:  To inform the annual operations plan  To meet specified annual targets in placing volunteers  To meet specified annual quality volunteering opportunities  To develop and maintain excellent relationships with new partners to provide additional volunteering opportunities as required  To manage all elements of the volunteer experience from appl  The desired candidate mustbe:  Educated to degree level  Demonstrate relationship management experience  Proven ability to communicate effectively on the telephone particularly but also through all types of media  Understanding and experience of partnership working at strategic level  Customer focused and a strong organisational and IT skills  Ability to manage a busy workload. Project Management experience would be desirable along with experience of working with young people. Our client enables young people to change their lives and improve their communities through volunteering. Salary of **** **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectsandRelationshipManager_job****