Title: Business Development Executive  Waste Management Services
Webindex: 72690978
Company: Reed Sales   Birmingham 
Description: Role:Business Development Executive Salary:****  Bonus, Pension and other benefits Sector:Waste Management Location:Lincoln An opportunity has arisen for an experienced Business Development Executive to join a blue chip, market leading brand within the Commercial Waste Management sector. The successful candidate will be offered a base salary of up to **** with a 15% bonus, pension scheme, childcare vouchers, cycle to work scheme and a company specific benefit. Job purpose  Generate new business sales for general dry waste contracts, by means of prospecting and networking.  Develop recycling opportunities and reduce business losses by supporting existing customers.  The role holder will be part of a Business Development team of nine people  Working with Sales/Office Administration and Depot Managers.  There is no direct line responsibility for the role holder.  The role holder will have responsibility for Key Accounts and small customers.  The role holder will be required to sell new business regarding dry waste services and recycling whilst retaining existing business.  Work with Facilities Managers, Operations Managers, sometimes Health and Safety Managers  middle managers.  The role holder will also conduct infrequent customer reviews with larger customers only. The successful candidate will meet the following criteria;  Track record in sales is essential.  Experience within the service industry would be an advantage.  Character more important than qualifications, although basic numeracy and literacy would be of value.  Basic IT skills.  H S (Health and Safety) Awareness.  Legal Awareness.  Negotiation skills.  Influencing  persuasion.  Openness and transparency.  Interpersonal skills.  Good listener.  Conflict management would be an advantage.  Positive Attitude.Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business.