Title: German & English speaking Sales Representative
Webindex: 67802582
Company: Service Source Europe
Description: We are looking for someone who is 100% fluent in BOTH German and English. This role is dealing predominantly with the UK market, however will also include some German markets  so fluency in both languages is essential. The successful candidate will have a strong sales or account management background.  Inside Sales Representative Liverpool Overview ServiceSource is the global leader in recurring revenue management. The world's most successful companies rely on us to maximize subscription, maintenance and support revenue, improve customer retention and increase business predictability and insight. ServiceSource delivers results with Renew OnDemand™, the world's only cloud application built specifically to manage and grow recurring revenue, which can be combined with our industryleading services and unique payforperformance model. With over a decade of experience focused exclusively in growing recurring revenue, our services and applications are based on proven best practices and global benchmarks. The Company is headquartered in San Francisco, and has over $****B under management for customers in more than 150 countries and **** languages. Role Description The Inside Sales Representative will support a growing sales organisation as part of his or her daily responsibilities. Responsibilities v Responsible for the renewal and overall sales of hitech service and support agreements to established customer base (no cold calling) v Working to sales targets, individually and as part of a team v Application of databases to research accounts and uncover new opportunities v Generation of sales quotations v Manage the entire service sales cycle from prospect to close v Generate reports for internal use v Ensure the integrity of client information is maintained in the database systems What are we looking for? Account management experience Long complex sales cycle Understanding contract terms and conditions Identifying Upsell and cross sell opportunities Managing large strategic 'swing' deals Work in collaboration with a field sales rep on top deals Selling complex products/solutions Attention to detail 100% fluent in relevant language  verbally and also written at business level Compensation ServiceSource offers an attractive competitive salary and benefits package. ive salary and benefits package.