Title: Internal Technical Sales Manager
Webindex: 67639300
Company: Lawson Leigh Resourcing
Description: Lawson Leigh Resourcing is a specialist Green Recruitment Consultancy working in the Renewable Energy, Environmental, Waste Management, Sustainability, Utilities, Aerospace and Built Environment sectors. We are working in partnership with a Manufacturing Organisation based near Leeds who now seek an Internal technical sales Engineer to join their team . My Client one of Europe s largest Original Equipment Manufacturers in its field, supplying an extensive range of bespoke machinery for Special Purpose applications. The Group actively manufactures and markets over fifty basic ranges of machines, although pride is taken in its ability to design, develop and manufacture bespoke machinery and complete turnkey solutions. Post Title: Technical Sales Manager Department: Technical Sales/Contracts Department Responsible to: Sales Director Main Function and Scope of job: Responsible to the Sales Director for the efficient management and control of the Technical Sales/Contracts Department. Main Duties include but are not limited to: Responsible for the allocation of work within the Technical Sales/Contracts Department. Ensure the effective management of all contracts between the Client and Customers within commercial constraints. Provide advice and guidance during all quotation/contract stages to ensure that the interpretations of customer requirements are clearly defined and that these can be effectively provided by the Clients resources. Overseeing the effective control and filing of all documentation relating to contracts such as letters of credit, bills of exchange etc. Ensure all aspects of contract review activities are carried out in line with documented procedures and that quality policies and procedures are properly understood and implemented within the Technical Sales /Contracts Department. Continual examination of department procedures and methods that support continuous improvement in efficiency and implement these when appropriate. Supervise all necessary transport arrangements pertaining to contracts. Preparation of management reports on contract status etc. as required. Assess changes to contracts and the likely implications on manufacturing and costs Preparation and managing of high value tenders and proposals Preparation of detailed quotations for plant and equipment Management of subcontract and supplier proposals within complex tenders Candidate HNC in Mechanical Engineering, Commercial accounts experience Experience in international trade a distinct advantage Based near Leeds Yorkshire Salary **** **** DOE, Pension