Title: Trainee Sales Executive  Export
Webindex: 71850976
Company: Rowan International Ltd
Description: Trainee Sales Executive  Export Rowan International is a Specialist International Distributor of products from fmcg manufacturers into the thriving discount channel. As the market leader with a turnover in excess of 75m (and growing), Rowan has an extensive list of customers across Europe. The Sales function at Rowan is core to the business, responsible for selling a wide range of products encompassing the entire grocery sector, both foods and nonfoods. The opportunity Rowan International currently seek a high calibre individual (educated to degree level) to join our sales team to contribute to our continued growth. You will be working as part of the sales team to provide full support and be able to “learn the business” firsthand. Responsibilities Providing support to the existing sales team Market research in the discount channel through store visits to understand market pricing and products. Development As you learn and understand the sales process, there will be opportunities to develop your own accounts from an existing customer base and become responsible for the sales profitability of those accounts. Key attributes Enthusiastic Sales motivated Clear and persuasive written and verbal skills Mathematical ability and computer literate (including Excel skills) Effective negotiation skills Strong planning and organisational capabilities Tenacity and endeavour – not afraid of hard work Team player Willing to go “the extra mile” Previous sales or industry experience required Educated to degree level Fluent European language (Spanish, Polish, German, French, Italian) What we offer For the successful applicant, after the initial introductory period, which can range **** – 6 months, you can expect to take on additional sales responsibilities and become responsible for your own customer portfolio. Long term, the position will develop into a sales role with significant earning potential. Location Basildon, Essex (Needs to be within **** minute commute or be prepared to relocate) Must hold a full and clean driving licence. Salary circa********K This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeSalesExecutiveExport_job****