Title: New Business Media Sales Executive
Webindex: 70768088
Company: Morgan Rutherford Associates
Description: NEW BUSINESS MEDIA SALES EXECUTIVE, ****K BasicUncapped Commission. London based. Our client are a digital publishing house and have a fantastic reputation within the industry, they provide first class local content across both print and digital platforms. They have a portfolio of market leading print and digital brands. Their local portal websites have a monthly audience of over 7 million unique users. The print business has **** titles and has a weekly reach of 6 million people. Due to mass expansion they currently require New Business Sales Executives to join their digital recruitment team based in their bright and lively London offices. They are looking for enthusiastic selfmotivated individuals with a real get up go and results focused can do attitude. You will work as part of a team focusing solely on securing new business, although you will have opportunities to account manage and retain clients you win. You will do this by: Learning about their digital recruitment products, traffic and inventory Building relationships over the telephone Developing an understanding of clients immediate and longer term needs Proposing tailored, cost effective digital recruitment advertising solutions that deliver the right results Our client offers industry leading training and development so previous media sales experience is not required however a year s sales experience in a target driven environment is essential. Do you: Have a passion for learning and developing your skills Have the ability to reflect on and continually improve your own performance Seek feedback and use it constructively Feel motivated by setting and achieving goals Want a career as a professional, consultative sales person Have the selfconfidence and motivation to generate new business over the phone They offer an attractive benefits package which include: **** rising to **** following a successful probationary period plus a competitive bonus scheme Ongoing training, coaching, support and career development Outstanding working environment with free onsite gym and subsidised restaurant If this sounds of interest, please get in touch immediately and speak to Angela Izard at Morgan Rutherford Associates Ltd.