Title: Food and Beverage Technical Specialist
Webindex: 71597153
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Job Title: Food and Beverage Technical Specialist Sector: Engineering Niche: Industrial Lubricants Selling: lubricants and Greases Selling To: Food Beverage OEM?s Territory: London to Newcastle on the East side of the UK Southern UK Package: ****k  25% OTE, Car, Phone, Laptop, Pension, and Healthcare are all included in the flexible benefits package Consultant: GM Company Info:  My client has over 100 years experience in the manufacture of Industrial Lubricants.  They manufacture in the United Kingdom and have offices in **** global locations.  They operate in a number of different industries and are focused on developing bespoke technical solutions for their clients. Role Information:  Selling lubricants and greases into Food Beverage OEM?s.  Selling to all of the top 100 F B OEM?s in the UK.  AOV per account between ****k p/a  An even mix of new and existing business. Requirements: YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING  A technical individual who is motivated by developing a solution for aerospace OEM's rather than a quick commission win.  Experience working in the Food Beverage, either selling to them at OEM level or working directly for the OEM.  Have experience working for a manufacturer.  Engineering technical knowhow IDEALLY YOU WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING  Knowledge of specification procedures and applications would be a great benefit.  Value added sales experience  Experience of long lead sales, refining specifications and problem solving. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. On Target Recruitment, now recognised as one of the UK?s leading sales recruiters, has achieved significant organic growth since it?s inception in **** The development of specialist teams each focusing in the key markets of Construction sales recruitment, Engineering sales recruitment and Commercial sales recruitment, has enabled our consultants to become experts in their field. Roles our sector based teams recruit for include sales executive jobs, area sales manager jobs, sales engineer jobs, national account manager jobs, business development manager jobs, sales representative jobs and field sales jobs. The sectors of Construction sales recruitment include; Bathrooms, Building Materials, Building Services, Coatings, Repairs Treatments, Heating Plumbing, Interiors, Kitchens, Plant Equipment, Roofing Drainage. The sectors in Engineering sales recruitment include; Capital Equipment, Control Automation, Electrical, Electronic, Fluid Power, Industrial, Instrumentation Control, Power Generation Transmission, Services. The sectors in Commercial sales recruitment include; Business Finance, Business Information, IT Telecoms, Office Contract Furniture, Office Equipment, Office Supplies, Professional Services, Rental Services, Security