Title: Sales Manager for High End HiFi
Webindex: 68686914
Company: AV Jobs
Description: The Opportunity This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced retail HiFi salesperson used to dealing with prestigious clientele  to work for this wellestablished, high end retailer based in central London. Your role as Sales Manager will incorporate:  Strong attention to detail to ensure the highest standards  Delivering an extremely high level of customer service and being passionate about being the best.  Identifying customers' requirements and meeting their needs  Maintain awareness of new product developments, company initiatives and promotional activity  Adding value to the process by being proactive  Managing the team The successful candidate will be ambitious and keen to move their career forward with a market leader. This is not a **** job but the rewards for the right individual will be excellent with real career opportunities. Salary circa ****k****k basic  commission giving excellent on target earnings. Your Skills, Qualities and Achievements You will be an experienced highend HiFi retail salesperson with a solid technical background and someone who takes pride in providing the highest standard of service to their customers. You will have exceptional customer facing skills, ensuring that customers and potential customers trust you and buy from you. By being proactive you will add value to our clients' offerings and ensure customers buy more product and buy more often, as well as referring others to buy from the company. You will be used to selling to high net worth individuals looking for prestigious and luxury brands in the Audio Visual consumer marketplace. The successful candidate will have real prospects with the opportunity to develop their career with an international brand of renown. The Organisation Our client is a global brand providing high end HiFi, Audio Visual and home automation equipment and solutions to high net worth individuals. They are an award winning organisation who offer innovative solutions to their customers. The Recruiters AV Jobs are specialists in providing a first class recruitment service for professional sales and marketing people, engineers and programmers throughout the UK and EMEA. Our markets include Audio Visual, Technology, Telecoms and Office Equipment. We have an established reputation  with clients and candidates alike  for keeping things simple, straightforward and uncomplicated This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerforHighEndHiFi_job****