Title: Digital Marketing Business Executive
Webindex: 69188881
Company: Progression Recruitment
Description: A market leading, highly established and sought after creative digital agency are looking for a driven and motivated New Business Executive to join their head office based in Central London. This award winning digital agency currently works with an exciting portfolio of leading consumer brands; Disney, O**** John Lewis, Natwest and Virgin to name but a few. They specialise in a variety of online marketing solutions helping their client base achieve superior performance and efficiency through engaging content, training and consultancy. They offer excellent career development opportunities, huge variety in day to day tasks and a truly great working environment. THE ROLE The daytoday responsibilities of the New Business Executive: Be the first point of contact and the face of the agency for all new client enquiries and briefs. Use a consultative and professional approach to establish core objectives and tailor specific solutions to meet the needs of your clients. Create, deliver and follow up on compelling and engaging proposals. Take an important role in full life cycle of winning new business for the agency in addition to retaining and managing existing client relationships. Supporting monitoring of all marketing activity; branding, website, social media, email marketing and research THE CANDIDATE The main attributes of the New Business Executive include: Experience in sales; handling objections, asking the right questions to establish needs and working to targets. Be an excellent communicator; great listening skills coupled with strong verbal and written communication. Must have a solid understanding and a passion for digital marketing. Be up to date and savvy with social media; facebook, twitter etc. Be very organised, able to prioritise tasks and maintain extremely high attention to detail Personable, fun and friendly The role is based in Central London, and offers career progression, fantastic training, and long term opportunities to further develop a career within Digital Marketing. If you think this is you then apply in the first instance Progression Recruitment is an employment agency acting on the clients behalf This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/DigitalMarketingBusinessExecutive_job****