Title: Business Development Executive – UK Wide  ESP ****
Webindex: 68506759
Company: Enterprise Sales Personnel
Description: My client is one of the largest privately owned software companies in the UK. They turn over around 70 million annually and have over **** clients in the UK alone. They provide fantastic presales support and are extremely established in their market. The client has engaged with ESP as they require a Business Development Executive to sell their accounting and financial software solution. Successful candidates will have the opportunity to join an exciting and rapidly expanding organisation. It is imperative that candidates have experience selling complex software solutions. Moreover although candidates must be driven to win new business they will receive some accounts as part of the role. Essential skills that the successful candidate will need for this role includes: Have experience selling complex software solutions for at least two years. Have a successful and stable track record within previous roles. Have exceeded sales targets for at least two years. Please only apply for this role if you have the expansive experience required in the specific field advertised as without this we unfortunately will be unable to consider your application. About Enterprise Sales Personnel Enterprise Sales Personnel is a niche recruitment business operating in the Scottish marketplace. We recruit for a wide range of bluechip smaller high profile companies whose business is in providing Professional Services, Management Consultancy, Systems Integration and IT Hardware Software. We will treat you with courtesy and dignity and totally respect your need for confidentiality and our Consultants will take time to properly understand your aspirations and your skills Keywords: New Business, Account Management, Outsourcing, Global Financial Industry, Investment Banking, Financial Sector, IT Services, IT Solutions, IT Software, Back and Middle Office, Financial Industry, Applications, Public Sector, Business Intelligence, Account Director, Account Manager, Business Manager, Technology, IT, Infrastructure, Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Manager, BDM, BDC, Business Development Consultant, IT, Complex Solutions, Solution Sales, Software Sales, Enterprise Sales, Strategic Sales, Infrastructure, Managed Services, Supply Chain, Microsoft AX Dynamics, Account Manager, Storage This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentExecutiveUKWideESP****_job****