Title: Regional Sales Manager  Chemicals
Webindex: 70446081
Company: London4Jobs
Description:  A fantastic Regional Sales Manager opportunity is available with a manufacturer of Safety Equipment.  This is a hands on area sales manager role dealing with clients right across the region.  Their products are sold throughout a variety of end user markets including oil, gas and petrochemical companies, public utilities, clean water and sewage treatment companies, construction companies and other organisations where accidental leakage of gas or vapour can become a toxic or explosive danger.  This is a technical sales role where you will be responsible for fixed detection systems, building packages that best suit your clients.  Attend trade shows and give presentations to clients at all levels, from board level to production and health and safety ma The Successful Regional Sales Manager will:  Show drive and commitment to meet new clients and win new business.  Possess a proven track record of regional sales management ideally within the instrumentation/process control or technical/industrial markets.  Experience of gas detection systems would be an advantage, but not essential (training will be provided).  A proven ability to develop new business in a technical sales role is more important than gas detection specific experience.  Be results orientated with a strong will to win  Will be an effective communicator, commercially astute, with excellent presentation skills and wish to join a professional forward thinking company. bul My client is a market leading supplier of Gas detection equipment to a wide variety of industries. They have a superb reputation within the industry for both quality of product and high levels of service. They are looking to add to their sales team by bringing on high calibre and motivated sales people that have a real aptitude for technical solutions sales. Basic Salary up to **** depending upon experience Company Car Attractive and achievable bonus, circa **** Full benefits package A fantastic opportunity to progress your sales career in a growing business. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/RegionalSalesManagerChemicals_job****