Title: KTP Media Associate
Webindex: 70599515
Company: University of Lincoln
Description: This post has been created as a result of an exciting and innovative Partnership in Knowledge Transfer scheme (PiKT) between Cable Telecommunications Training Services Ltd (CTTS) and the School of Media at the University of Lincoln. The project aims todevelop the company’s new media capability in areas that include: emarketing, supplementary training aids, elearning, and investigate novel delivery and distribution approaches. The KTP associate will be employed by the University of Lincoln for 12 months but will be based at CTTS in North Hykeham, Lincs and subject to their employment practices and conditions of work. The successful candidate will be supervised both by CTTS and the School of Media at the University of Lincoln. CTTS provides commercial telecommunications training across a large range of related disciplines including: Home networking, Broadband, Networking, DataCommunications, Health and Safety, First Aid at Work, etc. Although courses are open to the public, most students are either funded by their employer (i.e. BT) or arrive as part of the Armed Forces resettlement scheme. The project would provide CTTS with a way of developing inhouse skills related to new media production would allow CTTS to develop business via delivery of elearning packages in new areas. The project will aid the development of the production of rich media, including video, managing and distributing rich media content as well as developing rich media learning aids for existing course delivery. A key part of the role will be to develop an emarketing strategy, making use of social media, and rich media content. We are looking for a mediasavvy graduate with an interest in marketing. The candidate will need the following skills:  Experience of filming and editing nonfiction films/videos  Knowledge of webstreaming and video podcasting technology  Knowledge and understanding of using social media for marketing  Ability to develop blended rich media content  Be able to develop documentation in relation to media production work  Understanding of emarketing strategies and marketing communications