Title: Business Development Consultant (Technical)
Webindex: 68056653
Company: FW Recruitment Ltd
Description: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CONSULTANT (TECHNICAL) Location: Leicester Basic salary: up to ****k  excellent OTE package, plus other excellent benefits including, Health care, pension, company share scheme (after qualifying period)…plus many more incentives… Our Client is a Recruitment Employment Agency that supplies Industrial, Driving Engineering staff for both Temporary and permanent positions. They now have an exciting opportunity for a Business Development Consultant who has plenty of energy and the desire to succeed If you have the right skills and would enjoy a new challenge, please contact us for a confidential discussion or email your CV  A background within the recruitment industry is required  You must have excellent communication rapport building skills  You will need to have good sales organisational skills  You must be self motivated and have a drive for results Key responsibilities for a Business Development Consultant:  Achieve targets and adhere to agreed work/ action plans.  Obtain maximum business levels by selling recruitment solutions over the telephone and face to face  Offer a quality service to clients by selecting applicants through good job matching and tight control.  Generate a good rapport with all user clients.  Comply with all legal requirements  Monitor performances to ensure that the client and candidates are consistently satisfied.  Recruit and sustain a workforce by interview and selection of quality applicants.  Advertise for a workforce in such a manner that will generate the largest/ best quality response FW Recruitment are an independent recruitment to recruitment agency primarily focusing on providing services in Central England, that shares a passion for such values as caring about and valuing people. We aim to ensure the employee and employer, achieve their goals. We undertake face to face interviews to ensure that we find the right opportunity for you. ' We pay a referral fee to you if you refer a friend who takes up a permanent position' Contact us for a confidential discussion on **** **** or email your CV. www.fwrecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentConsultantTechnical_job****