Title: Commercial Manager / Account Manager / Contracts manager  recycling
Webindex: 71851707
Company: Q Personnel Employment Services
Description: COMMERCIAL MANAGER / COMMERCIAL COORDINATOR / ACCOUNT SUPPORT MANAGER / CONTRACTS MANAGER This isn't a front line sales based position, this is about supporting that function by being a link between commercial areas, supply chain, account management, purchasing and product. We are open to a newly qualified graduate, or someone with experience in this type of position. We are looking for our next generation of leaders, and ultimately strengthen our organisation with staff that have come through the ranks here. COMPANY: We are one of the UK's most innovative recycling companies. With activities across manufacturing, project management, consultancy and service  we have been developing groundbreaking products into the UK for just over 10 years now. We were part of a pioneering group who, in some way we like to think, have driven the UK recycling sector into a commercially successful, integrated and long term sustainable industry. We have a core UK presence, exporting our products and services throughout, as well as Europe. Our group head office and main sales operation is here in London, over that time we have grown to over **** staff, with **** manufacturing plants and a further technical centre. POSITION: We are looking to bring on board our next generation of leaders and managers  to add expertise across areas such as commercial, client management, supply chain, purchasing and product development. You may ultimately take a different path within our company, but a Commercial Manager would be the logical route to work towards. You will work across each of these divisions, and be that crucial link to sales. Recycling is a relatively new industry, or at least a newly refocused one, and you'll be on a fasttrack management training programme. As your experience and company knowledge grows you will take on a new business unit and be responsible for its commercial development. It's really exciting times for us, and we want you to be part of our next period of growth. REQUIREMENTS: We are really flexible on your background  if you are a graduate then your degree/postdegree will be in something aligned to environmental, business, supply chain, marketing, energy or manufacturing. You will be highly commercial and good with people, incredibly motivated and broad skilled. You will be inquisitive about your work and studies, and be confident in your ability to add value across several departments, ultimately supporting our sales, supply chain and manufacturing operations. Keywords (for search purposes only): commercial manager, commercial supervisor, commercial officer, account manager, sales manager, sales support manager, graduate scheme, business development manager, supply chain coordinator. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CommercialManagerAccountManagerContractsmanagerrecycling_job****