Title: Business Sales Team Executive  B2B Appointment Setting
Webindex: 69806789
Company: Peninsula Business Services Ltd
Description: Is your ambition to be part of a progressive company and a business that values its employees and rewards them accordingly with exceptional bonuses, incentives excellent promotion and career progression prospects and uncapped on target earnings? Peninsula Business Services is the UK’s largest Employment Law, HR and Health Safety service provider, established in 1983 we have over **** clients. We provide proactive, commercially focused advice on the full range of Employment Law, HR and Health Safety issues to our client base that covers all industry sectors. This role is key to the successful operation and future growth of the Peninsula suite of products whilst ensuring we maintain the excellent service our clients have become accustomed to and gives the right candidate a real opportunity to build a career with a forward thinking, growing and successful company. The role is for a Business Sales Team Executive responsible for developing and marketing the Peninsula Services to existing and new clients. Your main marketing tools will be via telephone, email, fax and mail shots using our existing client base. As with any sales role, you’ll be responsible for achieving your own personal targets. All candidates will need to be selfmotivated, confident and proactive with excellent communication skills. The ability to work under pressure within a fast moving environment is essential. If you have telephone B2B/B2C experience, have the ability to build and maintain strong client relationships then we want to hear from you. On offer is a competitive package (**** OTE) with a basic salary of **** plus a guaranteed commission payment for the first 3 months, pension scheme, generous holiday entitlement, and various quarterly bonus and commission schemes. To apply please complete our online application. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessSalesTeamExecutiveB2BAppointmentSetting_job****