Title: New Business Development Manager / Sales Executive
Webindex: 71679374
Company: Norland Managed Services
Description: Business Development Manager / BDM / Sales Exective Norland Managed Services Ltd is a leading provider of facilities maintenance and support services in the built environment, working in partnership with some of the UK’s best known companies.We are a Company that prides ourselves on offering an excellent service and are growing at around 20% yearonyear. We are recruiting for a Business Development Manager to develop new business opportunities in and around London. Key Responsibilities of Business Development Manager / BDM Negotiation and closing of sales opportunities to meet and exceed agreed sales targets as agreed by Divisional Managing Director. In the above process, to promote and build professional client relationships; develop new sources of profitable business; meet clients and prospects; give presentations; to maintain excellent relationships and after sales support; to build rapport/mutual confidence in line with the agreed business strategy and plans. Raise the company and business profile representing Norland at industry events. Keep uptodate with industry developments, maintaining awareness of competitor activity and market trends. To communicate with and report back to the Business Unit Director/Manager, Sales Marketing Director and Senior Management within the MultiSite Services Division business on a regular basis. To maintain excellent records and relevant contract documentation in the support of tenders and rebids for the MultiSite Services Division Business Unit(s). Generation of tenders and relevant document preparation. Dealing with Prequalifications. Carrying out site surveys. Support Operations with rebids and variations for existing clients. Experience required for role of Business Development Manager Very good PC skills including Word, Excel Power Point. You must have a minimum of two / three years proven sales/business development experience (facilities would be desirable) Must have good team organisational skills, and be able to prioritise workload Must be a selfstarter, and able to be extremely flexible with regards to daily work Experience of meeting tight deadlines Must enjoy a fast paced sales environment. Must have a high level of energy and be flexible in approach Experience of preparing detailed written documents and reports to a high standard We take our commitment to equal opportunity seriously and value the benefits of having a diverse workforce. We will never knowingly discriminate on the basis of an individual’s characteristics or circumstances .If you want to work with one of the most successful businesses in the industry and believe you will fit in to our exceptional team, we want to hear from you. Due to the expected interest in this role, only candidates that have been short listed will be contacted. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewBusinessDevelopmentManagerSalesExecutive_job****