Title: Field Sales Executive / Business Development Executive – B2B
Webindex: 70485902
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Field Sales Executive / Business Development Executive  B2B Field Based (covering London and South East England) c**** DOE Plus OnTarget Bonus, Company Car, Private Healthcare, NonContributory Pension Scheme, Laptop, Phone. If you're ambitious and targetdriven B2B sales person looking for a career on the move with a dynamic company, this could be just the role you've been searching for. As a market leading manufacturer, our client specialises in party products that are sold throughout Europe. Due to continued growth, they are now looking for a Field Sales Executive / Business Development Executive to join their team. As a Field Sales Executive / Business Development Executive, you will be responsible for selling balloons and party goods to independent retailers, online businesses and SME's throughout the South East of England (from Brighton to KingsLynn, Northampton to East Coast). If you love the products and love selling them, you will receive an excellent ontarget bonus. Generating new business through your own efforts, as well as a list of leads, your role will comprise account management and business development in addition to managing a portfolio of existing accounts. Whilst field sales experience would be beneficial, at a minimum, you must have B2B sales experience. A creative approach to selling is also essential as is the tenacity to meet deadlines and targets. As a Field Sales Executive / Business Development Executive, you should have a friendly, outgoing personality, a professional outlook and excellent organisational skills. Experience of selling to the retail industry, such as card, gift or party shops would be beneficial as would knowledge of the party and/or gift industry but this is not essential as full training will be provided. You must be prepared to spend time away from home on occasion and this could include occasional weekend work. To apply for the role of Field Sales Executive / Business Development Executive (B2B), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an employment Agency. Additional Key words: Field Sales Executive, Business Development Executive, Sales Representative, B2B Field Sales, B2B Sales Executive, Area Sales Representative, Sales Executive, Regional Sales, Territory Sales, B2B Field Sales. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveBusinessDevelopmentExecutiveB2B_job****