Title: French Speaking Internal Sales Executive
Webindex: 69670971
Company: Rocking Zebra Limited
Description: Rocking Zebra Recruitment  Sales jobs in Swindon, Bath and Bristol French Speaking Internal Sales Executive Newbury, Berkshire ****  ****k OTE Rocking Zebra recruitment is recruiting for experienced French Speaking Internal Telemarketer ideally from the technology or telecommunication sector. Our successful client based in Newbury is looking for Internal Sales Executives to join their existing sales function. The main responsibilities within this role will include generating qualified sales opportunities through outbound calling targeted prospects, understanding how the solutions can add value to their business through to next steps and the decision making process. You will then work closely with the field based Sales Managers to introduce them into the opportunity for face to face close. This role will be a mixture of both existing and new business generation and as working as part of the sales function, you will be carrying a target and working as part of a successful sales team. You will follow up on marketing campaigns and motivate contacts to attend events and seminars. The ideal candidate for this opportunity will have experience of generating new business opportunities within the technology and telecommunication sectors. You will have excellent outbound sales ability and enjoy building rapport with clients over the phone, identifying opportunities. You will be a successful sales person who is used to working to commission and targets. This role will suit someone wwho is hungry to exceed target and progress their career into a field based position. You will be joining a successful and driven team and Company who are seeing excellent growth in 2010. This is an uncapped sales position with great earning potential. If you feel that this is you then please call the Rocking Zebra Recruitment Team today or send your CV to looking****rockingzebra.com For additional sales jobs, please click on the quick links on our homepage at URL removed