Title: Inside Sales Representative IT Training Courses
Webindex: 67638283
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: Inside Sales Representative  IT Training Courses  London Ref: **** Location(s) London/ South East/ South THE ROLE: An Inside Sales Representative position has arisen with a leading global IT Training Company, based in the London office. This Inside Sales Representative role, covering a sales territory of the UK will involve selling a range of IT Training courses to a wide array of market sectors. This role will require your sales, new business and closing capabilities. Reporting directly to the Sales Team Leader, you are fully responsible for hitting all your targets for the sales area. THE COMPANY: A company that focuses on accelerated learning with industry experienced instructors at a reduced cost has experienced excellent and sustained periods of growth has created an additional position on their sales team. This company can offer excellent opportunities, incentives and fantastic earning potential to a successful individual who has a passion for sales ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Based in a commutable distance form central London. Must have experience in outbound sales with demonstrable cold calling and closing skills. Superb new business skills. Strong team player. Motivated and target oriented individual. Outstanding communication skills at all levels. Proven experience in hitting and exceeding sales targets. Excellent rapport building skills. Confident. Excellent closer. Strong character. Enthusiastic and not afraid of any rejections. Outgoing. Self starter, high energy and strong commitment. THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: Circa ******** basic (dependent upon experience) Commission: ****k anticipated 1st year OTE Uncapped Benefits: Pension contribution, life assurance and 4 weeks paid holidays (excluding back holidays). Please email your CV We thank all applicants who respond, but please be advised that only those short listed for interview will be contacted. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career