Title: Regional Sales Manager (B2B)
Webindex: 71431650
Company: SCA Search & Selection
Description: Regional Sales Manager South West Attractive Salary  Car My client based in West Yorkshire has a truly global presence being part of a network of subsidiaries ranging across fifty countries and with a turnover of c****m. They are widely recognised as a market leader in providing electric motors and associated accessories such as remote controls, sun and wind sensors for home and commercial automation. Their equipment is found operating electric garage doors, shutters, blinds, gates etc. The market for their equipment is almost endless; the only limiting factor is the quality of their sales and business development personnel. They are seeking a new Regional Sales Manager to take over an existing client base in a developing market. The task will be to maintain current business and develop new accounts with assemblers (for example of blinds and awnings) and a new and potentially very profitable retailer market. The development of sound commercial relationships within a multi channel market will be essential. The region will be based ideally upon Bristol, Swindon or Gloucester but includes the entire South West and the south coast almost as far as Southampton. Candidates for these roles should be very experienced sales personnel who have gained considerable knowledge of the B2B selling environment and are sufficiently commercially aware to become involved in negotiating pricing and support packages. An appreciation of selling to and managing retail accounts would be a considerable advantage. This is not a highly technical sale although it does require a sound understanding of the features and benefits associated with this market segment, full familiarisation will of course be provided, this is likely to involve some time training in Yorkshire. My client will provide a very good basic salary linked to an achievement related bonus, car package, pension and health cover. If you are interested in this role please send your CV to John Soulsby, SCA Search Selection. Email: JohnSoulsbySCASearch.com Telephone: **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalSalesManagerB2B_job****