Title: German or Swedish, Norwegian, Danish speaking Sales Executive
Webindex: 68711510
Company: Language Matters
Description: Due to phenomenal success, our client, a multinational fast growing technology company urgently needs to expand their international sales department. They are looking for a number of sales focussed, ambitious German or Swedish or Norwegian or Danish speakers to work as Inside Sales Executives. The main responsibility for the suitable candidates would be finding new business opportunities and generating revenue at high value potential clients by extensive and efficient outbound calling. The German or Swedish or Norwegian or Danish speaking Inside Sales Executive will need to generate sales through outbound calls, meeting and exceeding set targets. Ideally, the company is looking for someone who has a passion for technology sales and is target orientated. The company is committed to engaging with its clients and is looking for candidates who are professional and success driven. The potential earnings for this role are uncapped and could exceed **** within the first year Profile Fluency in German or Swedish or Norwegian or Danish plus excellent English language skills Sales focussed, ideally with previous experience in business development, B2B telemarketing, lead generation or outbound sales An interest in technology is desirable Excellent communication skills Target/performance orientated NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. To apply please send your CV in word format to Ricardo de Abreu We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanorSwedishNorwegianDanishspeakingSalesExecutive_job****