Title: Furniture Sector Sales Manager
Webindex: 72439506
Company: Tops Recruitment Ltd
Description: The role will be predominately field based with an element of office based work and will focus on two main areas including prospecting and winning new business as well as account management. You will specialise in the profitable growth of the furniture and interior fit out sector, and the entire sales process from CAD planning, quoting and presenting, to winning the order and overseeing the installation. You will be resposible for assiting their team of Account Managers and BDM's with enquiries in this sector to ensure we maximise on all opportunities. Secondly you will be responsible for account managing the business you win in order to retain and grow sales across your accounts. The ability to effectively manage a wide range of relationships from Buyer to director level within prospect and customer accounts is of paramount importance. Identifying decision makers from all associated product areas within prospect and customer accounts will also play a large part in achieving success in this role. Finally, closing and negotiating multiple product contracts will be one of the key measures of success over time. JOB SPECIFICATION PURPOSE OF THE JOB An office field based position dedicated to profitably winning and managing new and existing customer accounts within our clients target market and in line with agreed profit targets. MAIN ACCOUNTABILITIES (DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES) To actively seek and win new customers within the furniture sector by: Identifying potential market sectors and alternate routes to market; Developing a marketing plan in conjunction with our Marketing Manager National Sales Manager to raise an awareness of our clients business; Organising inhouse exhibitions and events to promote the sector to all potential customers; Proactive prospecting and developing contacts and relationships with architects and specifiers, within the education, NHS, local government and private sectors; Maintaining a consistent and professional approach to ensure a regular stream of new business revenue to achieve agreed profit targets. Building, maintaining and recording an accurate prospect database in order to provide the business with a visual ‘pipeline’ of potential new business. Remaining fully involved throughout each tender and quotation process providing a link between our clinet and the customer in order to maximise the percentage chance of success. To manage a set of defined customers including growing profit levels to agreed levels and to retain customer accounts during any review or tender process that may take place. Understanding the customer’s needs by developing professional relationships with the key decision makers and influencers. Adopting a structured development plan for each customer to maximize profit. Analysing each customer’s spend using the tools provided, identifying opportunities for additional profit, and selling additional products or ranges into the account.  Hold professional, proactive and regular reviews with each account.  Gaining referrals for additional business. Maintain accurate customer and prospect records, databases and filing systems to ensure that anyone who requires it has quick access to up to date information. Support the goal of ensuring that all accounts are paying to terms by liaising with the accounts team on any credit issues. To communicate to the Sales Manager or senior management any ‘at risk’ accounts and work together to secure the account. Monitor competitor activity and report back to colleagues. PERSON SPECIFICATION The ideal candidate will have the following attributes: Considerable experience and a proven track record of sales success within the office furniture and interiors fit out market; Network of industry contacts; A track record of achieving and exceeding targets dealing with SME`s or Corporate. Be computer literate  competent in a variety of software packages including CAD software, and have all round good admin skills; Good time management, appointment coordination and client management; Resilience and robustness with generating new business; Have a genuine desire to succeed in all that you do; Full UK driving license; Above all we are looking for someone who thrives on working within a fast paced and rapidly changing environment, delivering continued improvement and has the confidence and skills to affect positive change whilst performing within a team environment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FurnitureSectorSalesManager_job****