Title: Field Business Development Manager  No1 Online Recruitment Brand
Webindex: 68679126
Company: RecruitmentRevolution.com Limited
Description: Field Business Development Manager (South)  No.1 Online Recruitment Brand Central London / West End Up to **** Basic  **** BONUS OTE, Laptop  Blackberry The Opportunity: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced Business Development Manager to join the biggest online recruitment brand around. We're No.1 : We are one of Britain’s fastest growing and most innovative online businesses. We’re already No.1 enjoying a bigger market share than any other employment or training site (source: Experian Hitwise), and we need world class individuals to help us realise our ambitious plans for growth. We’re passionate about our brand, product and our users, and we want to meet a highly motivated individual who will share our vision and our passion. The Role: The role of the Business Development Manager is within the Corporate South division, working with the UK's biggest and best known employer brands in the South of the UK. This is a field sales position, involving securing new business and account management and requires dedication and hard work which in return offers a competitive basic salary and generous bonus scheme. Principle Accountabilities: > Actively identify leads within an allocated remit based on size of business prospect and geographical location and develop relationships with key stakeholders. > Conduct indepth needs analysis with prospects and match requirements to our products. > Initiate contact with prospects with the objective of securing a face to face appointment. > Present to clients to sell the various solutions and benefits of using our solutions. > Confidently demonstrate products and conduct onsite training where necessary. > Maintain business relationships with contracted clients to ensure continued utilisation and identify opportunities to sell further products or solutions. > Write contracts and proposals that conform to agreed standards. > Negotiate contract pricing within agreed limits ensuing that all business won meets agreed margins. Respond to customer enquiries/requests in a timely and professional manner. > Manage individual pipeline to ensure true forecasting. > Meet and exceed individual sales targets and KPIs. Be available for weekly team meetings, onetoones and training sessions. > Attend networking events and industry awards ceremonies (where appropriate) to build personal portfolio and the brand. > To secure new wins that contribute to becoming a market leader by capturing a greater proportion of the corporate market. > To secure profitable long term deals in line with strategic objectives with a cumulative value to meet the growth plan for the business. > Identify key stakeholders within current and potential new businesses capturing intelligence and developing business relationships with them. > Agreed sales activity levels recorded on Salesforce. Qualifications: > GCSE Maths and English or equivalent (grade C or above). Experience: > Proven track record of consistent achievement of sales KPIs and sales targets. > New business hunter who also excels at account management > Demonstrable background in field sales within online media preferably Recruitment Advertising. Knowledge: > Consultative sales representative who is comfortable with asking for the business. > Strong written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal skills and an ability to interact with a diverse range of people. Results driven, motivated and passionate about sales. > Strong commitment to personal excellence, self disciplined, well presented and resourceful with excellent attention to detail and time management skills. You may have worked in the following capacities: Media Sales, Online Media Sales Account Manager, Recruitment Advertising Sales Executive, Job Board Sales. Application Statement: By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client in conjunction with this vacancy only. The Field Business Development Manager is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution.com – The UK's first online recruitment agency created **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldBusinessDevelopmentManagerNo1OnlineRecruitmentBrand_job****