Title: Telesales / Telemarketing Executive  (Marketing / Media/ Tech)  Kent
Webindex: 72441959
Company: Guru Resourcing
Description: TELESALES / TELEMARKETING EXECUTIVE  (MARKETING / MEDIA/ TECH)  KENT A bright, ambitious and target driven Telesales Executive / Telemarketing Executive is needed to join an award winning digital agency based in Tonbridge, Kent. Working alongside the Sales Manager you will introduce new clients to cutting edge digital / SEO solutions. Read on Founded in **** our client is a fully integrated digital marketing agency who provides digital solutions spanning web design, SEO, online games, applications and digital marketing. Based in a modern office in Tonbridge, they work with a range of clients from local SMEs to international brands (Haymarket, Chelsea Football Club and NSPCC to name just a few) delivering innovation online. As the Telemarketing Executive / Telesales Executive you will be situated at the very forefront of the business, identifying, researching and qualifying new opportunities using outbound sales techniques (cold calling), social media, email etc. Contacting prospects from a supplied database (as well as other sources) this role is all about relationship building and having those important intelligent conversations which open doors. To qualify You will need to be a tenacious, driven and sales focussed Telemarketer/ Telesales Executive seeking an opportunity where your input will make a real difference. Your CV should highlight: Previous sales experience gained within a telesales / telemarketing role (B2B). Excellent interpersonal / communication skills (particularly telephone manner). A confident and wellpresented sales manner with the ability to form relationships with decision makers swiftly. The drive and determination to achieve targets day after day. A cando attitude, resilience and a hunger for money. Like all good sales people you will be a skilled negotiator who is targetdriven and pumped for success. Having a passion for new media, digital technology and the web in general is preferred as all of your potential clients will cover this subject area. This role would suit a determined Telesales / Sales Executive looking to build a long term career within a creative, ambitious and fun working environment. Expect an environment where your input won’t go unnoticed and will play a direct part in contributing towards the company’s overall success. Get in touch Keywords: Telesales Executive, Telemarketing Jobs in Kent, Sales Executive, Business Development, New Business, Sales, Call Centre Sales, Outbound Sales, Outbound Sales Agent, Sales Advisor, Outbound Sales Advisor, Sales Executive, Telesales, Telemarketer, Telephone Sales, Telemarketing, Selling, Call Centre, Telesales Jobs in Kent, Sales Jobs in Tonbridge, Telemarketing Jobs in Tonbridge, Telesales Jobs in Tonbridge, Telemarketing Jobs in Kent, Tonbridge, West Kent, Kent, TN**** Guru are an employment business renowned for delivering careers networking to the Sales sector. In this instance Guru are managing the selection process for this particular Telesales / Telemarketing Executive campaign on the behalf of our client. We offer a transparent service to both clients and candidates which means that if you pass our initial filtering criteria (based on your CV suitability against our client’s requirements) we will email you with the client’s details and also pass your complete application to the client for consideration. By applying to this role you are granting consent for us to work in this way. One final note, your application will only be used in conjunction with this specific role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelesalesTelemarketingExecutiveMarketingMediaTechKent_job****