Title: SPONSORSHIP SALES EXECUTIVE  SALES EXP? GRADUATE? TRY THIS
Webindex: 69173253
Company: Ask Associates
Description: If you have sales experience and are looking for a fresh sales opportunity with a company that can offer you uncapped commission, sociable working hours and a fun friendly environment, with the opportunity to progress, look no further. For over a decade my client has been a market leader in events organising and management and looking for bright, tenacious and driven sales executives to work on their sponsorship sales. Your role will be to contact blue chip clients and sell the benefits of sponsorship to them for the future events. You will be sourcing and calling your own leads, and following them through to point of sale. You will be based in the new offices based in Blackburn, and your team of **** will focus on one event. These events will change every few weeks, so will give you a variation of selling which will keep it interesting The company also has offices in Manchester and London and the market leader in events. Your role will be predominately telephone based, therefore, previous experience in a telephone based sales environment is preferable. You must be able to work independently, and be able to organise your day. Previous experience working to targets is preferred as this is a sales driven role. To apply you must have experience in a telephone based sales environment, or experience in working to sales targets. You must be bright, driven, have a good personality and want to work In a fun and friendly team. You must be money motivated and driven by results and be able to communicate with people over the telephone. Professional call centre or B2B sales experience in also preferable, and well as any role which involves you working in telephone based sales and to KPI’s and targets. You must be able to follow a structure, and be selfmotivated as you will be sourcing your own leads. Good questioning skills and the ability to think of your feet is also essential The interview is a 2 stage process, which involves a telephone then face to face, and the team as Ask Associates will give you all the information prior to the interview to ensure it is a success. For the right person you will be offered a basic salary of ****k and uncapped commission (OTE ****k in first year). You will also be offered extra incentives, pension, and MondayFriday working hours – no weekend and no evenings. You will be given a week long training course which includes on the job training and classroom based and then continued training and development through your career. There are opportunities to move up the career ladder and move to management positions. You will also have regular salary reviews based on performance. Interested? Want to hear more? Apply today This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SPONSORSHIPSALESEXECUTIVESALESEXPGRADUATETRYTHIS_job****