Title: Events/ Senior Account / Relationship Manager  Herts
Webindex: 69992736
Company: Wilson Orange
Description: Job Title: Senior Account / Relationship Manager Sector: Audio Visual Live Event Design and Management Location: Hertfordshire Salary: **** plus uncapped commission. THE ROLE: A Senior Account / Relationship Manager is required by a leading A/V event design and/management company to manage client relationships and ensure service quality within a portfolio of exciting blue chip organisations. The Senior Account Manager will demonstrate experience of:  The ability to develop a ‘team’ style relationship with the client to become an extension of their internal resource.  Generating incremental income and profits from clients through increasing frequency of use and cross selling.  Producing compelling, accurate and constructive quotations for clients within their budgets  Production of risk and health safety documentation relating to events  Ensuring the smooth running of the events though on site project management  Blue Chip / major corporate client exposure.  Production of accurate revenue and GP forecasts. THE REQUIREMENTS: The successful A/V Senior Account / Relationship Manager will have extensive experience of live events both from an operational and management perspective together with a detailed knowledge of current event audio visual technology. Whilst in house product specialists will be available as a resource the successful candidate will be expected have sufficient knowledge of lighting, sound, video and staging to be able to design a system. The Audio Visual Senior Account / Relationship Manager will be computer literate. A working knowledge of AutoCAD and Visio would be an advantage. THE COMPANY: An award winning audio visual event design and management company with a wealth of major corporate clients, including many familiar household names, and an eye on providing the most memorable events of the highest quality. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EventsSeniorAccountRelationshipManagerHerts_job****