Title: Sales Development Manager  The North Home Based
Webindex: 67150423
Company: WRS
Description: Sales Development Manager The North ****k  Bonus  f/e Car  Benefits The successful candidate will report to the Director of Sales and take responsibility for maximising the performance of the **** strong Northern Sales team by managing their activities and optimising their effectiveness by continuous coaching and skills development. You will also take responsibility for continuously managing and developing the sales team to ensure that there is full accountability and delivery of expectations. You will achieve this by deploying a positive attitude and a proactive approach to territory management and sales activities. You will work with the sales consultants to create individual territory sales plans and with the senior management team to contribute to the overall sales plan. When working with your team you will motivate the individuals via monthly Sales Meetings whilst also monitoring both activities and results. More broadly you will manage and develop the sales team through annual performance reviews linked to personal development plans. The right candidate will have a classically trained sales background and be able to demonstrate a thorough understanding of the sales cycle. Your experience to date may have been gained within construction or civil engineering environments, more likely you will have gained experience within another industry sector such as FMCG, pharmaceutical, aerospace, automotive or another B2B industry and now be seeking to apply your commercial skills and people management within a fresh environment. You will have a clear and proven track record of managing and developing a field based sales team and be able to demonstrate success in coaching and training a field based sales team. Your career to date will have ensured that you are highly proficient in managing through CRM system and competent presentation skills. In order to succeed as the Sales Development Manager you will be selfmotivated and be able to achieve results with a minimum level of supervision. Moreover you will be capable of motivating an experienced technical sales team in a fast moving environment to deliver sales targets in a timely manner. It is imperative that you possess superior teamwork ethic and display excellent communication skills. A sense of urgency to drive results in self and others will be critical as will being a good time manager and being able to develop this skill in others. If you feel that you share our passion and enthusiasm for providing high quality, premium surveying equipment to meet our customers requirements and exceed their expectations then in the first instance email your CV to Woodlands Recruitment Solutions or for further details call Kieron Madden on M:**** **** **** ****