Title: Senior Sales Manager  Digital
Webindex: 71170813
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Senior Sales Manager  Digital ****  ****  comm Our client, one of the biggest B2B media owners in the industry, who specialise in print, online, business information, exhibitions and conferences are currently looking for a Senior Sales Manager to lead their team on one of their most prominent titles. The title has a great reputation with a long standing history within the media. Our client is currently looking to recruit a Senior Sales Manager to add to their team. As Senior Sales Manager, you will be responsible for managing a team of three to ensure the overall sales targets are being met effectively. You will be working across print, online and events. The Key Responsibilities of the Senior Sales Manager include: . Working on your own initiative but under the direction of the Publisher . Responsibility of the daytoday running of the sales department . Managing, motivating and training the ongoing development of the sales team . Actively driving and developing the digital sales proposition across different sections of the company . Setting relevant revenue targets to meet overall budget expectations . Providing accurate forecasts for the new financial year whilst analysing essential resource requirements . Conducting regular performance reviews and formulating appropriate action plans to address any performance management issues The Key qualities we are looking for in the Senior Sales Manager include: . Ideally a graduate calibre individual . Previous sales management experience, preferably working on a weekly B2B magazine . Experience and knowledge of managing and selling a digital portfolio (website/newsletters etc) . Strong Excel skills . Demonstrable interest in the entertainment business . Excellent communications and organisational skills You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesManagerDigital_job****