Title: Sales Executive / Field Sales / Business Development / Outbound Sales
Webindex: 68258067
Company: Networx Solutions
Description: Due to successful growth our client now have opportunities for new and experienced Sales Executives to join their experienced team in Guiseley, Leeds for a good basic salary plus commission. Your principle responsibilities will include contacting Regulated Professional (Solicitors, Accountants, Estate Agents, etc) and Financial Services Businesses to promote and sell their unique services. Whilst most sales activity will be conducted remotely using the telephone and internet realtime presentation / demonstration facilities, some larger clients will require face to face presentations. With larger client opportunities the sales process will be fully supported by Senior Sales Management participation. Ideally they are looking to recruit individuals with previous sales experience, knowledge of these compliance and regulated functions would be a distinct advantage. In any event the individual must be able to demonstrate a good level of business acumen as well as an enthusiastic and resilient personality. The successful candidate will have a good telephone manner, be computer literate and comfortable connecting and demonstrating their services via the Internet. Full product training with features, advantages and benefits will be given to all new applicants, along with sales training on the approach to each market segment. These are excellent opportunities to join a young and progressive business that has demonstrated its ability to grow significantly in difficult commercial markets; in return they offer an exciting career progression with a good remuneration package and comprehensive initial and ongoing training on all their products, systems and services. In addition comprehensive training will be given in respect of Antimoney Laundering legislation relating regulation and compliance for these regulated markets. Our client is a unique successful information business providing Antimoney Laundering Verification and Fraud Prevention services to Regulated Businesses in the Financial and Professional Services Sectors. Keywords: Sales / Telesales / Field Sales / Sales Executive This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveFieldSalesBusinessDevelopmentOutboundSales_job****