Title: German Speaking Sales Manager  IT  Global Organisation
Webindex: 71848766
Company: Code Blue Recruitment
Description: German Speaking IT Sales Manager – Internet / Networking Basic ****k OTE YR1 ****k Reports to: Business Manager Location: London My client delivers an exceptional service experience through the passion of their people in a number of exciting fields including, customer support gaming, sales, retail and tourism. They provide support across **** different languages and work together in a challenging, vibrant and multilingual environment. Their culture is reflected in their people and their attitude to build the skills required for the job. My clients employees are challenged to exceed the parameters of their day to day job by helping exceed customer expectations. Their dress code is relaxed and they value the respect of others. Responsibilities: The German speaking IT Sales Manager is responsible for enabling his/her team to meet and exceed all client sales and productivity KPIs through effective performance coaching, motivating and management.He or she will develop and maintain a high energy, positive, cando environment that fosters enthusiasm and maximum effort from every TeleProspecting Representative (TPR). The Role: •Drive a team of inside sales professionals to exceedlead production goals while delivering exceptional lead quality. •Utilize the inhouse Performance Coaching Model to monitor calls, coach, and motivate the sales team. •Consistently meet and exceed daily sales performance metrics. •Analyze trends in sales performance and QA and take appropriate actions to ensure peak performance. Identify methods to drive continual performance improvement Conduct weekly team sales meetings, designed to share results, news and TPR recognition as well as provide team training as needed. Work with Training department to ensure all TPRs receive proper and adequate training. •Interview prospective TPR candidates to ensure pipeline of high quality candidates for team growth is full. •Ensure that all TPRs understand their key Metrics and how their performance compares to these metrics. •Manage daytoday HR responsibilities associated with a team of 12 TPRs including compensation, attendance tracking, communication and enforcement of HR policies. •Run weekly quality calibration sessions •Run weekly CNX internal QA calibration sessions •Participate in weekly internal team status meetings as requested by Sales Director. Essential Criteria for German Speaking IT Sales Manager: •Fluent German •Minimum 4 years previous sales experience with a proven success record •Minimum 2 years Business to Business / Inside Sales Management and management of pipeline sales experience, or supervisory experience, preferably in a contact centre environment. •Demonstrated understanding of the selling process, with the ability to comprehend and execute the sales process. •Strong customer service and teamwork skills. •Excellent oral and written communication skills. •Ability to multitask. •Strong organizational and time management skills. •Proficient in MS Word and Excel Desirable Criteria: •Bachelors or Associate degree a plus •Technology/Software sales experience a plus IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THE GERMAN SPEAKING IT SALES MANAGER ROLE APPLY ASAP MY CLIENTS ARE LOOKING TO HAVE THIS PERSON IN PLACE BY FEBRUARY TO LEAD THE TEAM This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanSpeakingSalesManagerITGlobalOrganisation_job****