Title: Business Account Manager  Waitrose  Home based  South
Webindex: 72444353
Company: SmithCarey Recruitment
Description: Focused on optimising sales, visibility and margins through highly professional business management, this is a great position handling a leading high profile Waitrose account for a prestigious drinks company – one of the UK’s fastest growing. This role offers excellent career development potential. The company also boasts a great portfolio of wellknown leading premium drinks brands, which enjoys substantial above the line marketing investment. This is a great role working with a great account. Reporting to the Business Unit Director for Grocery, you’ll be handling the Waitrose grocery multiple account as well as the management of our Field Marketing agency which carries high profile responsibility across the company. Focused on maximising volume and margins, you’ll be involved in all aspects of professional account management including planning, forecasting, developing joint business plans, promotions, new product introductions and managing distribution. Delivering your commercial agenda will be achieved through sound strategy, determination to succeed and your ability to work cross functionally with colleagues internally and externally. We’re looking for a graduatecalibre sales professional with a great track record of success in supporting or directly managing major Retail customers in the Grocery Multiple channel. A good FMCG food, drink or nonfood blue chip company branded background allied to sound category understanding and confident presentation skills, are what we’re looking for. A welldeveloped understanding of the Grocery arena is essential. This appointment will carry high expectation on both parties for you to develop your future career up to one of the Top 4 Grocery Retail Multiple accounts. This role offers up to ****k, 30% bonus, ****k car allowance, pension, medical cover, 24 days holiday and a yearly drink allowance as well as laptop and mobile phone. When you’ve decided it’s time to drive your commercial career forward, click on the button below to apply directly to our retained consultant, Mark Smith, at SmithCarey Limited. Don’t forget to complete a covering note with details of your current remuneration package and attach an uptodate CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessAccountManagerWaitroseHomebasedSouth_job****