Title: Regional Sales Manager  Office Storage Products
Webindex: 68180412
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: Regional Sales Manager  Office Storage Products Ref: **** Location: East Midlands/East and East Anglia/South Midlands THE ROLE: We are assisting our client in the appointment of a Regional Sales Manager with a solid sales track record of selling into Main Contractors and Specifiers. Our client is a British based manufacturer of office and factory furniture solutions who has enjoyed double turnover over the last 18 months and is going through a period of continued and sustained growth. They hold a marketleading position within their sector and are highly regarded within the industry. They are seeking to appoint someone with a dynamic character who is hungry and ambitious to succeed within a fast paced and professional environment. The territory to be managed extends from Lincolnshire at its most Northern point to Essex and North London at its most Southern point, London/M25 is managed separately. You will ideally come from a technical sales background and have a thorough understanding of how to manage sales through the specification channels. THE COMPANY: Our client is rapidly growing, privately owned British manufacturer of office and storage solutions predominately for the education sector but equally has a wide variety of clients. They are specialists in their sector and are currently going through a period of fast growth and has ambitious growth plans for the future. They offer a thoroughly professional environment with full support and want to develop employees to become future Managers. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Living within patch (i.e. Eastern side of UK; Lincs to Essex) At least 3 years experience selling into Specifiers and Contractors Has shown a stable career history Ambitious and driven individual Able to show a solid sales track record Selfmotivated and hard working Excellent organisational skills Proven track record in developing long term business relationships THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: **** basic  car  ****K OTE  benefits Please email your CV We thank all applicants who respond, but please be advised that only those short listed for interview will be contacted. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career