Title: Trainee Mortgage Advisor  April 2013 start
Webindex: 69594148
Company: Select Appointments
Description: Select Appointments is looking for dedicated, professional individuals who are prepared to work to sales targets, study towards to a recognised CeMap qualification and work hard to achieve financial rewardIf this sounds like you then please see the full details below: Due to continuous growth a new class of trainee advisors will be required for a start date of April 2013. This will suit ambitious and motivated graduates or qualified Mortgage Advisors looking for a new challenge. As a trainee mortgage advisor you will be responsible for:  Studying towards your CeMap qualification (this must be passed within two attempts.)  Contacting customers over the phone who are looking for advice on their mortgage  Explain and sell the benefits of the company and the panel of products available  Selling leading products from leading banking organisations To be considered for this role you will need to be:  Extremely articulate (Graduates with previous work experience will be considered)  Target driven as you will need to work hard to achieve high commission levels  Ideally educated to degree level, to show a successful track record of study  Focussed on providing a consistently high level of customer service and advice  Qualified or part qualified mortgage advisors will also be considered. As part of this role, you will received second to none training and study support for your CeMap study (Mortgage Advisor qualification). This will enable you to progress your career with them once passing your exams. Candidates with a demonstrable education record will be preferable due to the amount of study involved within the first 2 months. You will have a burning desire to become one of the best and will reap the reward of uncapped bonus along the way. Their top advisors have taken home a six figure salary this year, and realistic earning potential for your first year is 35000. Only candidates who match the above criteria will be short listed. We endeavour to respond your application within 5 days This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeMortgageAdvisorApril2013start_job****