Title: Senior Sales Executive  UK & Export  Pet Products
Webindex: 68070422
Company: Ashford Knight Ltd
Description: Senior Sales Executive  UK Export  Pet Products Location: Yorkshire / North East The Role: Rapidly expanding, highly innovative and award winning pet food specialist requires Senior Sales Executive. This role will involve developing new business and account managing a client base of pet food manufacturers across the UK and Europe. Reporting to the Commercial Manager, you will have total autonomy in the role, with responsibility for designated sales targets and portfolio growth, enabling you to run your business unit cost effectively ensuring development of your customer base and an increase in growth and distribution. You will be required to take a strategic approach to the role, developing strong long term relationships and partnerships purely at a head office level with UK and international clients. Dealing with senior decision makers, you will be a very confident and skilled presenter and negotiator. You will have the support and backup of a highly dedicated, effective and companyfocused team who will support you in all area's to ensure that you have all the support and tools necessary to succeed. This is a superb opportunity for the successful candidate. Our Client: Highly innovative, award winning pet products organisation requires Technical Sales Manager for exciting new role. Requirements: Strong Account Management Skills. Excellent new business winner. Proven track record of success in sales: Can be FMCG, Manufacturing or Commercial experience. Experience of working in the pet products / pet food industry desired. International / Export sales experience desired. Excellent networker. Technical aptitude. Strong relationship builder. Highly resilient, charismatic and outgoing. Strong confidence levels. Great Multitasker. Based in the Yorkshire or North East region. Package: Basic Salary: ****  **** (negotiable for the right person) Benefits: Bonus  car allowance  executive benefits Please note that due to the large volume of applications received we are unable to discuss individual applications. If you have not heard from us within 7 days your application has been unsuccessful. Job Ref: ****B This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesExecutiveUKExportPetProducts_job****