Title: Orthopaedic Account Manager
Webindex: 72628634
Company: On Target Recruitment Ltd
Description: Theatre Sales Experience Job Title: Orthopaedic Account Manager Sector: Medical Technologies Niche: orthopaedics Selling: orthopaedics Selling To: Theatre, Orthopaedics, Surgeons, Consultants, Territory: North West, Manchester, Liverpool, Package: &**** ****k,  &**** ****k OTE, car, laptop, mobile  exec benefits package Consultant: Laura Nicol Company Info: ? A market leader in all aspects of Orthopaedic implants offering training and product development to KOL?s in the industry ? Well known in the medical device sector for innovation and quality ? Outstanding Global Reputation with trusted brands and products ? High focus on quality and innovation ? Incredible yr on yr growth Role Information: ? Optimise new business opportunities ? Manage key accounts and maximise existing revenue ? Strong capital focus ? The Key account manager will be responsible for the orthopaedics portfolio, particularly, hip and knee and shoulder products ? Manage KOL relationships ? Liaise with KOL?s and decision makers and manage all stages of the sales process ? Maintain the credibility and outstanding reputation of the company within the market place Requirements: YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? Experience selling orthopaedic implants ? Proven track record of success ? A desire for longevity within one of the markets leading players ? Experience working with Key Opinion Leaders and Decision Makers ? Hunger, gravitas and the ability to selfmotivate IDEALLY YOU WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? Orthopaedic Sales Experience ? Theatre Sales Experience ? Medical Device Sales Experience ? Physiotherapy or sports medicine background / degree ? Other relevant backgrounds could be arthroscopy, spinal or other elective surgery ? Nursing or clinical background would be an advantage ? Key account or territory management experience Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. On Target Recruitment, now recognised as one of the UK?s leading sales recruiters, h