Title: German speaking Resourcer
Webindex: 68069604
Company: Language Matters
Description: Our client, a successful staffing consultancy is urgently looking for a German speaking Resourcer who is looking for a challenging position that offers international exposure and a rapid path to progression. The role requires the use of excellent communication and people skills, contacting and interviewing excellent German speaking candidates in all parts of the globe. The German speaking Resourcer will generate relevant contacts and help develop the candidate network and relationships in the DACH market. The German speaking Resourcer will manage relevant recruitment projects from candidate sourcing to candidate presentation to respective consultants. The role offers the opportunity to progress quickly into Senior Resourcer or Consultant. Profile Fluency in German and English, both written and spoken Educated to degree level or equivalent Experience in recruitment industry (search recruitment companies) Successful telesales experience, strong ability to generate close relationships and followup on contacts Strong skills in phone communication Strong achiever, eager to meet and exceed targets Good time management and organisational skills Intelligent communicator, confident person with high aspirations and a dedicated mind set Excellent interaction skills and a hard working attitude NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. To apply, please send your CV in Word format to Nadine Dudenhoeffer, CVs in any other formats will not be accepted. We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanspeakingResourcer_job****