Title: Channel Account Manager  Etail & DMR
Webindex: 68058590
Company: Godley Associates Ltd
Description: Established in the UK in **** Since then, my client has grown fast in the networking, routing and switching sector and have gained loyal support among reseller partners, service providers and end users in both the UK and Ireland. They have a number of specialist distributors who have been appointed to supply our range of solutions to Value Added Resellers (VARs), Independent Retailers, Etailers and Service Providers. They realise a successful company is only as successful as its employees, partners and customers. To continue their fantastic ongoing growth they need to recruit an Etail/DMR Account Manager to service accounts such as Misco and Insight to name a few. The role will encompass the following: Developing existing relationships with partner base and grow their business. Proactively look to develop new business within a targeted Tier **** partner base. Align with reseller account managers in Distribution to support new business activities. Keep sales CRM and the sales tracker up to date with potential projects. Follow up and qualify leads to pass through to distribution account manager in a timely manner to ensure alignment. Proactively encourage accounts to join the partner programme and take advantage of the benefits of the partner programme. Utilise the tools available such as partner and technical training to gain traction with new and existing accounts. Host technical training days with Technical manager. Support wider sales team during absence. Improve your own skills and develop your knowledge. Achieve quarterly targets for aligned accounts and defined product range. Account planning with aligned channel partners in order to identify and qualify new opportunities for growth. Develop and Execute. Maintain an opportunity pipeline for key partner business. To identify, manage and execute promotional campaigns within specified partners appropriate to partner and business needs. To track ROI of promotional campaigns run in conjunction with partner. Ensure optimal implementation of generic marketing campaigns within aligned accounts. Collate competitive market place information. Provide structured feedback and input to promotional activities with this knowledge. Identification of relevant customer case studies for onward use internally and/or external use. Coordinate assistance from other support departments to provide resource as required for the specified accounts. Work effectively with end user vertical/specialist sales managers to optimize sales. Liaise with European team on any pan EMEA opportunities or target partners. Experience Skills required: InDirect/Channel (VAR) account management background Record of success in Networking reseller accounts Innovative approach Showing extensive YoY growth this opportunity offers longterm career development and earning possibilities This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChannelAccountManagerEtailDMR_job****