Title: Internal Graduate Account Manager  Thatcham, Berkshire
Webindex: 71675495
Company: Additional Resources Ltd
Description: Internal Graduate Account Manager  Thatcham, Berkshire  Salary ****  ****K DOE Company Description: Our client is the largest specialist distributor of video communications products in Europe, including video conferencing, digital signage, video streaming, audio conferencing, IPTV, HD cameras, interactive whiteboards and LCD displays. The company has achieved certification under ISO9001 and Investors in People. Our client has been operating successfully in the French market since **** and has since established subsidiaries in Belgium, Holland, China, South Africa and Spain. Job Description: The role will involve proactively identifying and working with dealers of video communications equipment and generating new business within existing accounts. You will be meeting with key decision makers, participating in demonstration/training of technologies and equipment. You will provide detailed quotations and proposals to customers, maintaining customer relationships effectively. You will be responsible for achieving your monthly objectives and forecasting likely business. You will be supporting the sales team, providing coverage for incoming calls, ensuring customer payments are up to date and attending regular product and sales training. Essential skills, knowledge and experience required for the role: Educated to degree level (preferred), but other appropriate business qualifications will be considered Have at least 6 months sales/account management experience, preferably within an IT or technical environment Full driving license and own transport Flexibility, a willingness and desire to win, resourceful Self motivated; show lots of drive, ambition and desire for results Be proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook; with strong organisational skills, demonstrating ability to work autonomously Have a personable and friendly nature Have a fantastic telephone voice and be a good listener Be competitive and have a can do attitude To apply you must: Quote reference and send an email with a covering letter stating why you are interested in the job with your salary expectation, include your CV, and the names of two referees. You must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Businesses Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternalGraduateAccountManagerThatchamBerkshire_job****