Title: Territory Field Sales Representative
Webindex: 68807078
Company: Vertical Sales Recruitment Limited
Description: My client is a leading manufacturer of outerwear, workwear and PPE for the professional tradesman. They sell through a network of national and independent trade customers across the United Kingdom including safety equipment distributors, leisurewear wholesalers and corporate clothing managed serice suppliers. They are looking to expand their current sales team with the recruitment of a Territory Field Sales Representative for the North of England. The Role: This is a fantastic opportunity to join an established UK manufacturer who has an industry leading reputation for the quality and value of their product lines. The position will mostly focus on delivering incremental sales growth with the existing client base, working with both national and independent distributors to promote new product lines and putting in place value added service and incentive initiatives. There will also be a requirement to identify and assign new distribution partners within the territory observing their industry focus and geographic location on the patch. The Person: We are looking for an individual who has relevant workwear or PPE sales experience for a manufacturer, wholesaler or importer selling in to trade accounts. You will have a verifiable track record of sales success and be able to demonstrate you can build effective long term client relationships with both new and existing distribution accounts. POA: Basic salary range: ****  ****  Bonus scheme Ancillary Benefits: Fully expensed company car, 25 days holiday  stats. For additional information or if you can advise on an individual who may be interested, please contact me in confidence, Email: danielverticalsalesrecruitment.co.uk PLEASE NOTE: Due to the large volume of CV s received we are only able to respond to successful applications. If you have been successful we will contact you within forty eight hours of your application. Vertical Sales Recruitment is an industry specific sales recruitment consultancy for candidates and clients in the careerwear, corporate clothing, printwear promotion, personal protective equipment (PPE), protective clothing, hygiene janitorial and onsite safety vertical sectors.