Title: Sales and Design Exec  **** Year Maternity Cover Contract
Webindex: 68712335
Company: Champion recruitment
Description: A small but highly successful organisation producing organic cosmetics and toiletries in Didcot currently seeks a Business Development / Design Manager to join their small office based team. Working hours are from 9.005.00 MondayFriday. This role is a one year Maternity Cover Contract ideally to start with little notice. You will be mainly responsible for following up previous generated leads from their busy website along with dealing with recommendations.In less busy times, the need to generate your own leads and research/monitor competitor activity will also be necessary. Therefore, the ideal candidate will be a confident communicator with solid interpersonal and relationship building skills. The role, in brief, is to generate new business for the company and cover all aspects of design for the company website and marketing material as and when needed. Duties for this role will include:Searching for new business and create company profiles, Gaining long term relationships with clients, Upselling to current clients and selling current products to new business’s, provide weekly progress reports, Maintaining the design of the company website, Design all aspects of marketing material, and general administration. The successful Business Development Design Manager will have exceptional communication skills, Methodical approach to all work tasks, Creative skills, Basic marketing skills, it would be beneficial to have knowledge of Microsoft office and design programmes, and some experience in graphic design. If you are a creative, proactive and selfmotivated individual with a background in target sales/design, then this could be the perfect role for you Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of a person's gender, marital status, race, religion, colour, age, disability or sexual orientation. Every candidate will be assessed only in accordance with their merits, qualifications and abilities to perform the duties of the job. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesandDesignExec****YearMaternityCoverContract_job****