Title: Lead Generation Executive (Sales Advertising)
Webindex: 71686295
Company: i4 recruitment
Description: Lead Generation Executive (Sales Advertising) Salary up to ****k plus a competitive commission structure Based in Norwich, free parking available We are excited to announce that a Lead Generation Executive position has become available in our Norwich Office. The Lead Generation Executive will lead a range of outbound list generation activities. The Executive is responsible for uncovering, qualifying and developing potential sales opportunities to be passed to the direct sales team, while developing an environment between sales and marketing. The Specialist communicates via phone or email with companies and HR professionals about their business needs and requirement in relation to the HR strategies they plan, manage, and run for their organisation. Job Duties and Responsibilities:  Generate new business opportunities to fuel the sales pipeline  Respond and qualify leads  Conduct high level conversations with Senior HR professionals and prospect accounts  Achieve monthly targets Requirements:  3 years of related Lead Generation experience  Must be a self starter with a proven track record of excellent communicative/strategic selling skills.  Must have outbound businesstobusiness phone marketing or sales experience.  Basic computer skills such as Microsoft Outlook and Window applications as well required.  Great verbal and written communication skills.  Tenacious and willing to place hundreds of calls per week  Ability to navigate corporate structures to identify decision makers and determine buying process.  Ability to be assertive and persuasive without being aggressive.  Active listening skills.  Ability to learn quickly and think quickly.  Ability to research and nurture potential opportunity.  Selfmotivated with an entrepreneurial spirit.  Update sales lead activity and contact information Don t let this great opportunity to work with a dynamic and energetic group of individuals pass you by  To apply for the role please forward your CV to applyi****recruitment.com