Title: Business Development Executive  Brighton
Webindex: 72238396
Company: Harvey John
Description: Business Development Executive Do you have good conceptual sales experience? Do you posses excellent drive and determination? This business development position is working for a leading company who for over 20 years has helped provide solutions to many companies across London and the South. Skills: Meet activity, conversion and revenue targets by the following means: Generate own leads through cold calling, referrals and other prospecting techniques. Convert leads into profitable customers, using telephone, email and site visits. Liaise with Operations to ensure that customers needs’ can be economically met. Write timely proposals following meetings. At each step keep quality records and track activity on sales and marketing database. Once signed up follow through to successful handover to the Account Management team to achieve a high level of customer satisfaction. Prospect and negotiate additional opportunities with indirect channels to market; facility management companies, cleaning contractors, building managers, etc. Account Manage these accounts to maximise value. Aid client retention by dealing with any client cancellations for larger value accounts Answer sales phone line as required Prepare sales forecasts and sales reports Build industry and market knowledge to become recognised source of expertise, both internally and to customers Eliminate non profitable or time wasting activities. Schedule site meetings so as to maximise efficiency and productivity Undertake all other specified tasks or projects as may be required by the Directors Person Specification Business tobusiness sales, Generating own leads Meeting revenue and activity targets Competent use of Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook Excellent verbal and nonverbal communications skills essential, with good presentation skills, Networking Target driven the bonus forms a significant part of remuneration Ethical and honest  need to be a representation of the Company’s products and services Highly autonomous and selfmotivated Ability to change sales approach and personal style to appeal to senior management, cleaning managers, 'green champions’ as appropriate Contribute actively to maintaining a good team spirit Ability to look for solutions, not problems Personality sought: tenacious, flexible, initiative taker, credible, driven, energetic, ambitious and positive Package You will be offered a competitive basic salary along with commission. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentExecutiveBrighton_job****