Title: Technical Trainee Sales Engineer, Vision Sensors, Buckinghamshire
Webindex: 69670947
Company: Aaron Wallis Recruitment Training Ltd
Description: ****  **** with bonuses and company car allowance. Renowned for innovation and highquality products this leading provider of machine vision sensors and measurement sensors has launched a leading edge product that surpasses competitor s technologies and is very keenly priced. As a consequence they are enjoying significant growth and are looking forward to taking on an electronics engineer, or similar, with some facetoface customer experience to work alongside the UK General Manager in securing complex projects. Working across a wide spectrum of industry sectors from food and pharmaceutical to precision engineering this is an interesting and technically challenging engineering role ideally suited for a graduatelevel electronics engineer (or electrical or electromechanical or similar) with some commercial experience looking for a customer facing role with training, mentoring and the opportunity to progress and develop.  To apply you will perhaps have been in a sales, telesales, internal sales support, presales, customer support or as an applications engineer and now looking for a more responsible role  Alternatively you could be an electronics graduate with a driven, confident and enthusiastic personality looking for a break into sales By evaluating and understanding a customer s exact requirements this very varied and technical role is ideal for an inquisitive individual who is customer focused and highly solution oriented. Additional responsibilities include demonstrating and presenting complex solutions to both technical and nontechnical audiences, writing and presenting training courses and representing the company at exhibitions and technical seminars. As this is a customer facing role, you must also be well presented with excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation skills. In addition, you must have a full driving license. To determine your natural sales qualities psychometric personality questionnaires and a rigorous interview form part of the recruitment process. To apply contact Rob Scott at Aaron Wallis on **** **** Alternatively email robert.scottaaronwallis.co.uk.