Title: Internal External IT Sales Account Manager Watford
Webindex: 69001579
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: We are looking for an internal sales professional who is looking to take the next step in their IT Sales career. You will join an up and coming IT Company who already have outstanding accreditations and turn over more than **** mill per annum. With an encouraging future ahead, there is now an opportunity to join as an Account Manager and move quickly into achieving external sales and rapidly enhancing in to a Senior Account Manager position. You will be responsible for developing your own relationships with customers, actively developing new and existing sales, and continually creating opportunities to meet with the clients yourself. In turn, you will have unique support from your manager to develop your IT knowledge, and sales experience, including attendance to your meetings until you are confident to attend alone. You will be fully supported throughout your career via a closeknit team, as well as through the Managers to develop your long term career within the company. Requirements: At least 612 months experience selling technology products/solutions. Preferably B2B sales experience. A confident telephone manner. Excellent negotiation skills. Passion for sales and long term career development. You will enjoy working for a company who will put your career first and give you real progression opportunities. There will be ongoing training and the chance to work with some of the biggest IT Vendors. There is an uncapped commission structure which will have no threshold when you start so that you can start making commission as quickly as possible, and you will also enjoy unrivalled incentives. Interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please contact me on (Apply online only), or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, for immediate consideration. Commutable Locations  Radlett, Barnet, Watford, Bushey, Borehamwood, Radlett, Hatfield, Hertford, St Albans, Hemel Hempstead, Bovingdon, Kings Langley, Redbourn, Chesham, Amersham, Chorleywood, Rickmansworth, Batchworth, Harrow, Uxbridge, Harefield, Wembley. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions