Title: Field Sales Manager  ****k  Bonus  Benefits
Webindex: 68073046
Company: Mulberry Recruitment
Description: Field Sales Manager  ****k  Bonus  Benefits Our well known organization is looking for a Field Sales Manager to join their growing organization. They are looking for an experienced relationship builder able to understand and sell the complexities and benefits of predictive marketing to dealer principals Must be proactive and able to selfmotivate as this is primarily a field based role Database marketing experience is important to be credible when presenting benefits and processes of products Should be a team player able to combine sales aspect of role whilst also looking for further opportunities for product development and to work with the office based team to develop product enhancements Key Responsibilities: Feeding back ideas for product development to Account team that arise during support/sign up process Attending training and developing understanding of Semantic product applications Providing support to new business and client services teams e.g. attending meetings, providing content for presentations. Building strong client relationships to promote trust and collaborative working relationship Keeping clear records of dealer visits/meetings attended, and providing a weekly report on meeting outcomes and planned meetings for forthcoming week on a regular, timely, basis. Ensuring that all necessary documentation is provided to the office based account team, e.g. dealer contracts. Agency client experience in comparable marketing services environment  at least three years Recommended Experience Experience of field based sales role and working to targets. Direct Marketing and added value data management experience in a previous role Strong client handling management skills and good client manner Excellent ability to communicate on different levels of seniority both within and outside the agency Good with deadlines, workload planning and multitasking Self starter, able to work without close supervision Good commercial awareness Good team player, well motivated and enthusiastic  happy to contribute ideas. Preferably proven experience within the automotive sector Good knowledge of MS Office including PowerPoint.Due to a high response rate to this advertisement, only suitable candidates will be contacted regarding this role so if you have not heard anything from us within **** working days please assume you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. Does this sound like a fantastic opportunity but just not quite right for you? Maybe you know someone who is looking for new and exciting position that you think may be interested in this role? If so, RECOMMEND A FRIEND to Mulberry Recruitment and when they are placed successfully, you will receive a REFERAL fee of up to **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesManager****kBonusBenefits_job****