Title: Business Development Manager (Security)
Webindex: 71434397
Company: Talent FM
Description: Our client a provider of integrated facility management services globally is looking for an experienced business development professional to drive their security business forward. Our client has developed a reputation in the leisure, sport, event, entertainment and venue sectors providing services to: Major sporting stadiums, entertainment venues, racecourses, festivals and community fairs across the world. Working as part of the Business Development team and within our clients operations team, this role is responsible for sourcing and managing relationships with new and existing clients within the security industry and key decision makers within the region to develop business opportunities, achieve predetermined sales targets and ensuring complete customer satisfaction. To development relationships with new clients and generate a pipeline. Generating leads and setting appointments through market investigation, networking, new media and cold calling Developing and managing business relationships that generate new contracted income and achieving agreed sales targets Presenting the organisation and the services it provides to potential customers directly and at industry events Creating and managing a pipeline required to meet sales targets and ensuring all sales administration is current Working with the Operations Team and Bid Managers to respond to RFT?€?s and tender requests in a timely manner Closing sales opportunities and working with the Estimation and Commercial Managers to negotiation of terms and conditions of services contracts with clients Regularly communicating with the Business Unit Heads, Director, CEO and all other business development personnel to ensure that they remain fully informed of all significant issues Experience Extensive knowledge within the sectors below is essential: Sports Stadium; Sporting Events, Venues (including theatre music), remote events, public events. Extensive knowledge in a completive tender process is essential, along with good written and oral skills. A long proven track record, and identifiable brand achievements is paramount to this position; with active business development activity in the last 5 years in the LSE sector. A tenacious, driven individual with a proven record of successful B2B services selling Extremely driven and focused on achieving set out targets About Talent FM Talent FM are a team of experienced consultants who really understand all aspects of the facilities management recruitment market. We are totally committed to raising the standards of facilities management recruitment, both in the UK and internationally. Our sector knowledge is unrivalled and we are passionate about making every stage of the recruitment process as easy as possible for our clients and candidates. You can view are jobs on our website, download our app or link up with us on twitter, Facebook or LinkedIn. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerSecurity_job****