Title: French Corporate Sales Consultant  LONDON CITY
Webindex: 71680779
Company: Lawrence Harvey Search & Selection
Description: An award winning training and development structure, a Fast Track 100 company to work for top 50 entrant and a reputation for achievement and success makes Lawrence Harvey a fantastic organisation to start your recruitment career in. Within the corporate recruitment world you will be working out of our state of the art London city offices, delivering large scale solutions to FTSE 100 businesses across Europe, focussing on the French SAP market. Selling high value business solutions, you will be focussed on generating new business opportunities whilst maximising on our very established and highly regarded client relationships. With a history spanning 10 years in the French SAP market, our client list hosts as impressive number of FTSE 100 businesses and large multinational companies across a number of industries. Recruitment is a fast paced, highly social and an incredibly rewarding industry to work in; being a part of one of the fastest growing businesses in the UK will really set you up for a success. Our bespoke training and development programme is nationally recognised as an award winning course that is designed to develop and grow consultants from trainees to directors in the business. Focussing on the individual, we adapt the programme to suit the needs of each, cementing a stepbystep plan for progression. Our incentive programme is second to none; we've developed a scheme that the whole business has access to being a part of with big incentives including company trips to:  Las Vegas  Ibiza  Barcelona  St. Anton Quarterly lunch clubs have included helicopter rides to The Fat Duck and lunches in London's top restaurants. There is a friendly competitive spirit at LH and all everyone gets involved in dodge ball competitions, football nights and summer sports days. You'll need to be:  Driven  Motivated  Intuitive  An excellent communicator  A team player  Ambitious  Corporate and professional A degree with some sales experience would be highly advantageous to a role in recruitment and as Lawrence Harvey is an international organisation, we are constantly looking for people who are fluent in German, French and Dutch. If you'd like to know more, please forward your CV to recruitmentlawrenceharvey.com Lawrence Harvey is acting as an employment agency in regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrenchCorporateSalesConsultantLONDONCITY_job****