Title: Product Sales Specialist / Account Manager
Webindex: 68686977
Company: Indigo Recruitment
Description: Salary: **** basic  **** Bonus Our Client, a large and successful organisation located in Milton Keynes is looking to recruit a Product Sales Specialist.This will initially be a 12 month contract assignment. Key responsibilities to include:  Dealing with existing customers you will be responsible for sales in order to maximise profit.  You will assist or take on the responsibility of preparing quotations and following up any technical, high end product enquiries.  Proactively seek new business through the current customer base whilst searching for new account opportunities.  Build strong relationships with existing accounts to maximise profitability and build a portfolio of development accounts.  Manage a pipeline of prospective business/quotes  Provide support regarding new product launches by being fully conversant with the new range and changes.  You will notify all relevant associates and customers of stock availability and price changes.  You will notify all relevant associates and customers of any special offers and promotions.  You will work closely with your respective Business Manager to bring profitable business into the company, as well as communicating and interacting with Sales, Credit, Customer Services, and Purchasing. Skills / Experience  Ideally you will have at least 1 years' experience in a B2B internal sales / product or technical sales or customer service position.  Any previous experience within internal sales or a technical sales role is highly desirable.  Must have excellent verbal/written communication skills.  Must be enthusiasm and driven to sell to existing customers and consistently hit and surpass targets. Must have a professional attitude with a good level of confidence and enjoy working in a fastpaced, competitive environment that really rewards hard work. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductSalesSpecialistAccountManager_job****