Title: IT Sales Executive  Swansea  ****kOTE  Career Progression
Webindex: 68787060
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: We are looking for an IT Sales Executive to join a leading IT company specialising in a range of hardware solutions. Working in a fast paced industry, you will be part of a sales team that are working with market leading vendors, providing excellent distribution services to a multitude of businesses. With opportunities for training and further career progression, this is an excellent chance to also enhance your salary rapidly. You will be managing existing accounts, and also using an active database to proactively speak to new people. You will get the chance to build relationships with decision makers in a variety of organisations and continually build your growing pipeline in order to generate further revenue for your own sales targets. Working closely with existing employees, their friendly and outgoing sales team will aid in your mentoring and training in order to develop your skills into industry recognised qualifications and abilities. You will require a background in either telesales or telemarketing where you have gained experience selling technology. They are searching for candidates who are looking for the next step in their IT career in order to establish an active portfolio and train to be at the top of their sales career. The organisation provides a competitive basic salary with uncapped commission. You will also gain further training accreditations with market leading vendors, as well as product and sales training. This is an outstanding opportunity for a career and to earn commission rapidly, so for immediate consideration, please send your CV directly to gemma.bubbpenguinrecruitment.co.uk or alternatively call me on ****eywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITSalesExecutiveSwansea****kOTECareerProgression_job****