Title: National Account Manager
Webindex: 64586616
Company: Consult, Search and Selection
Description: Superb, highprofile career opportunities for professionals with extensive FMCG Field Sales experience to operate with real freedom Mars Petcare makes iconic products including Pedigree , Whiskas , Kit E Kat , Cesar  and more. Constant product development provides a powerful platform to enable today s innovations to become tomorrow s worldleading brands. We also operate right at the cutting edge, whether it s strategic partnering with the top grocery multiples, developing specialist pet channels or leading the charge to maximise the benefits of the ecommerce space. And that helps keep these global brands at the forefront of their marketplace. As one of our Customer Development Managers reporting to Channel Director you ll have sole responsibility and P ll have the chance of a lifetime: managing a true multimillion turnover with hundreds of SKUs and a significant promotional budget helping to develop and implement short, medium and longterm customer strategies creating a development plan to meet your objectives. We ll also give you the freedom to try new approaches. That s because at Mars, when it comes to big business, we have one huge difference. It s called private ownership. We re looking for the best: sales professionals with a degreelevel education and strong commercial vision. Ideally you will be located within **** hours of Waltham, as the role requires ****/3 days within the office. You ll need real and proven FMCG field sales experience in a similar customerfacing role and have had your grounding and training in a world class FMCG company. A commercially astute selfstarter, capable of driving forward our product lines and improving our market share, you ll also need: excellent allround communication and engagement capability firstclass negotiation skills to be comfortable handling a complex and challenging workload and managing a substantial P&L account. For worldclass CDMs, this highprofile role within a global powerhouse will provide superb career development, together with the freedom and responsibility to do more than you ever imagined. Consult Search and Selection are working with MARS Petcare on an exclusive retained basis for these roles. Any applications sent direct to MARS via the website or referral will be passed onto Consult Search for consideration