Title: FULL TIME PERMANENT SALES TEAM MANAGER  HEATHROW
Webindex: 71433074
Company: CPM Field Marketing Ltd
Description: FULL TIME PERMANENT SALES TEAM MANAGER  HEATHROW Knowledgable? Good Listener? Confident? Positive attitude? Rapport builder? Consultative Sales Experience? If you can answer yes to the above then we would like to speak to you CPM are looking to recruit new members to join their Flying Club Executive team, based at Heathrow or Gatwick Airport, working for CPM on behalf of Virgin Atlantic. Full time Team Manager ****5 hours per week over 4 days, Mon to Sun Heathrow **** per annum  holidays benefits What do the roles involve? You will spend your day managing our flying club executives and engaging prestigious and welltravelled individuals in high level and interesting conversations. As the face of Virgin Atlantic, you will listen and give them your expert advice on Virgin Atlantic’s Flying Club benefits, before signing them up to Flying Club and also to the Virgin Atlantic Credit Cards if appropriate. A successful day will include signing up customers to new products, and most importantly you will have also enhanced the customers’ experience of the Clubhouse and the Virgin Atlantic flying experience. Where are you working? In the prestigious Virgin Atlantic Clubhouse at the airport. Who are we looking for? Proven management experience of a field or static sales team Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills – with the ability to adapt your communication style to suit all levels of passenger Confidence to approach passengers in the clubhouse The ability to listen and respond to passengers needs A passion for delivering exceptional levels of customer service Highly self aware and results/target orientated Proven experience in sales and customer service Positive attitude with ability to pick yourself up after a bad day Well travelled with a broad knowledge of other cultures Flexible approach All offers of employment will be subject to airside clearance CRC Check Essential Requirements: Must be able to provide employment history for the last 5 years Valid Passport and/or Visa No more than 3 changes in employment in the last 3 years You must live within a half hour drive maximum of the allocated airport parking If you are someone who believes you can communicate at a high level, has a passion for travel and most essentially can deliver exceptional customer service please apply by: log onto www.cpmjobs.co.uk Click on ‘apply or update’ Enter the advertisement code: EPAPEM52 Email your cv to us at recruitment.operationsuk.cpmint.com also quoting the above reference You will be placed directly onto the candidate list and, if you are shortlisted, will be contacted further by a Recruitment Consultant . Due to the size of the activity we would ask you to be patient, not to call in regarding this activity and to apply via the website as described above. Many Thanks, CPM UK This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FULLTIMEPERMANENTSALESTEAMMANAGERHEATHROW_job****