Title: Area Sales Representative  Leading Supplier of Food & Drink Products
Webindex: 68061651
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Area Sales Representative  Leading Supplier of Food Drink Products Croydon, Surrey (office/field based covering Greater London) **** Are you a driven sales professional with experience of selling within the food and beverage industry? Can you spot an opportunity from a mile away? If so, our client is offering the chance to progress as the company grows and plenty of training to get you started. An exciting opportunity has arisen for an Area Sales Representative to join our client, a leading supplier of food and drink products. As an Area Sales Representative, you will be responsible for selling food and drink products into quality coffee bars throughout Greater London. You will acquire new accounts and manage existing clients in order to maximise their business potential. Your duties will include:  Growing the business from existing customers  Developing new customer relationships and establishing them into longterm customers  Negotiating prices  Maintaining an active presence within your assigned territory To be considered, you must have:  Sales experience  Experience of selling within the food and beverages industry, ideally into the coffee bar market As an Area Sales Representative, you must have a focused, target oriented and motivated attitude and a positive mindset. A team player, you must also have excellent communication and organisational skills. To apply for the role of Area Sales Representative, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Area Sales Representative, Sales Representative, Area Sales Rep, Territory Sales Rep, Area Sales Manager, Field Sales Executive, Sales Executive, Business Development Manager, BDM. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaSalesRepresentativeLeadingSupplierofFoodDrinkProducts_job****