Title: Recruitment Consultant  Oil and Gas
Webindex: 69001509
Company: Faststream Recruitment Group
Description: Faststream are a Global Recruitment Agency who pride themselves on providing specialist recruitment solutions to niche industries in the Oil and Gas, Shipping and Maritime and Built Environment sectors worldwide. Faststream have offices based in the UK, Singapore, Perth, Houston and Fort Lauderdale. We also have plans to grow the business further in new locations Our Oil and Gas team are now **** people strong and well established in their International markets. It doesn t stop there. We are now looking for aspiring or proven sales professionals to join us. Due to the progressive growth and expansion of our Oil and Gas division, we are currently looking for a Recruiter to contribute to the development of our Oil and Gas Perm team. You will be working across the subsea sector. You will have the freedom to forge your own niche in the market and become knowledgeable in the market. A typical day will involve a variety of tasks including liaising with Clients and Candidates, building professional relationships, advertising roles, headhunting new talent, researching the market place and industry and much more. We believe in giving our candidates the autonomy to develop their business area, and grow your desk using your own business, negotiation, and your excellent sales and people skills. Full industry and Recruitment training will be provided. This is a fantastic opportunity for an individual with aspirations to work within an autonomous progressive specialist organisation, to grow a new business area in a lucrative sector. . Why Faststream? Through our continued hard work and investment in our staff, we have been awarded with a **** star rating by Best Companies and won a place in the Sunday Times **** Best Companies to work for 2012 We offer an excellent benefits package; including a competitive basic, no threshold and an uncapped commission structure along with private healthcare, pension scheme and well known for our culture; a professional, fun working environment. For more details and to apply, contact our Lead Internal Recruiter, Rachel Sheridan