Title: Regional Sales Manager  North
Webindex: 65451802
Company: DMA Group
Description: Position: Sales Manager  Regional Sales Manager Salary: ****k  OTE ****k  Car Territory North of England Sales Manager  Proven experience in Leading and Developing new business Field Sales professionals The Role We are looking for a Sales Manager to lead, manage and coach our field based sales force across our North of England territory. Leading a team of new business sales individuals selling a low value service , you will coach and motivate, managing performance across the team. We are a dynamic and fast paced organisation and as our sales manager across the North East and North West you will work alongside our operational business setting the targets and objectives with our Business Managers for the field sales teams. The Candidate The ideal candidate will already be working in a similar position mentoring and developing a team of field sales new business professionals. You will have a proven track record in managing a new business field sales team. Your management technique will be of a coaching style and you will be action orientated in supporting your field sales team to deliver results. You will already have a proven sales success in a service led industry, we are open to all industry sectors, the essential is experience of managing a new business field sales team, however our business is a low value service requiring high activity, similar industry would be advantageous Exceptional communication skills and a professional within a commercially driven environment are prerequisites. A well planned and through individual with a commitment to delivery exceptional results is required for this role. We are a leading blue chip organisation and expect and maintain high standards in return we can offer you longevity and development of your career. The Company Our continued success is testament to our exceptional people delivering our impressive range of services and products across business and industry. It is paramount that we continue to grow and invest in our field sales professionals and we have opportunity to join our organisation as a Sales Manager to support and develop our Field Sales teams. Keywords  Regional Sales Manager  Waste Management Hygiene Merchant Services