Title: Internal Sales Director ELearning
Webindex: 65880148
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: Internal Sales Director  ELearning Ref: **** Location: South West THE ROLE: As the Internal Sales Director, you will be operating at a senior level reporting directly to the UK CEO. You will be responsible for defining and implementing the sales and marketing strategy, meeting all sales KPIs and leading, managing and developing the Internal Sales team. You will have a proven and demonstrable success with leading, inspiring and managing inside sales teams. Having an adaptable, flexible and collaborative approach, you ll have the perfect balance of commercial awareness and creative flair, along with excellent negotiating and communication skills. You will be selfmotivated, wellorganised salesperson with proven track record in converting high volume of leads into satisfied customers. You will have experience of telemarketing and ideally in educational. You will relish working on your own initiative and you will also need to be someone who doesn t get scrambled under pressure The Internal Sales team proactively and creatively generate leads, manage online trials and close new sales by working directly with teachers, headteachers and education advisors. THE COMPANY: A worldleading elearning company who are passionate about education and believe that every student can enjoy and achieve outstanding results. This role is an exciting opportunity and will play a pivotal role in the growth of the company for the successful individual. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Based in the South West Recent experience of managing and leading an inside sales team Evidences a proven track record of being successful in sales and having met and exceeded sales targets Excellent organisational, communication and technology skills The ability to analyse data and apply this strategically to a sales environment To share the belief that elearning can revolutionise teaching and learning The ability to motivate, inspire and influence teachers, ICT professionals and educational experts A dynamic and confident personality To be an excellent negotiator To be passionate about education THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: Circa ******** basic (dependent upon experience) Commission: Competitive Please email your CV We thank all applicants who respond, but please be advised that only those short listed for interview will be contacted. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career