Title: Senior Sales / BDM  Water Treatment ****k****kCar London
Webindex: 71963576
Company: Hammond Recruitment
Description: My Client is a leading national Water Treatment company with offices throughout the UK. They specialise in legionella control and provide solutions in Water Treatment, Water Hygiene, Air Hygiene and Health and Safety Training Services. Job Title: Senior Sales Engineer/Business Development Manager Industry: Water Treatment and Water Hygiene Salary: up to **** (depending on experience)  Bonus, commission, plus a company car Location: London Region They are searching for a focused and target driven individual to join their sales team. The role will involve building their customer portfolio through proactive use of sales and prospecting techniques, alongside the management of client accounts. The role is field based and requires you to manage your own schedule; perfect for people that like to be out and about meeting customers and prospects in different environments. This role is suitable for an experienced business development manager within the water treatment sector. You must be I.T. literate and hold a clean UK driving licence. The successful candidate will have a positive attitude, confident manner and excellent interpersonal skills. You must be well organised, highly motivated and show good attention to detail. Career progression for the right candidate is prominent. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a rapidly expanding company that understands the value of its workforce and invests heavily in its people. If you enjoy working in a varied job role which requires you to face new challenges each day then this could be the job for you MAIN PURPOSE To sell the companys full product range into the selected market sectors. MAIN DUTIES ****Increase sales and gain new clients to ensure the company continues to grow and meet targets a.Prospect new business and manage the sales pipeline to achieve personal and regional targets b.Actively sell the four product groups: Water Hygiene, Water Treatment, Air Hygiene Training Services c.Promote the range of services available through the utilisation of marketing material d.Prepare quotations, using standard templates, pricelists and cost sheets, and convert into sales. This requires a strong awareness of the work required onsite and an accurate understanding of how long this will take, how many men are required, and what equipment is necessary. e.Adopt a policy of sales through service by working to identify cost saving measures for clients and possible improvements to their systems ****Account management of existing clients a.Proactive management of existing clients to ensure their compliance to the Approved Code of Practice L**** Legionnaires Disease: The control of legionella bacteria in water systems b.Provide the first point of contact for any queries onsite and attend regular Review Meetings c.Liaise with colleagues to provide site knowledge to enable them to complete tasks to a high standard first time Make clients aware of new products and services that can benefit their business Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.