Title: Promotions Sales Manager  Short Term
Webindex: 69220596
Description: Job Title : Promotions Sales Manager  Short Term Location : Reigate, Surrey Salary : Base Salary ****  Commission Overall Purpose of Job: Responsibility for Sales for Promotional Space. The incumbent will be responsible for generating new business brokering deals between Promoting Companies and Garden Centres. The individual will be set monthly targets to achieve and will receive bonuses based on a success. The role is primarily telesales, cold calling new Promoters and negotiating rates between parties. Prerequisites:  Previous telesales experience  Excellent phone manner  Confident  Success and Target driven  Dedicated Principal Accountabilities:  Promoting and arranging one off deals between tier one companies and Garden Centres interested in developing short term concession outlets.  Responsible for generating leads with Promoters  Responsible to initiate verbal contact with Garden Centre manager / owner. The aim of the contract is to agree deal between both parties.  Detailing details of the trade to dedicated support function.  Ensuring that all calls are logged on supplied spreadsheet.  Ensuring that all relevant information provided by the garden centre manager / owner is documented.  Ensuring that all parties informed of progress and work activity.  Specific task of sourcing garden centres in areas required by existing clients. Areas and garden centres will be identified by FF Promoters.  Promoting Web site links. Social Skills:  Outgoing, Confident individual, Able to take ``knocks?  Ability to interact with all levels of management, clients and staff.  Have absolute discretion and ability to work with confidential information.  Ability to prioritise and handle pressure, and to know when to escalate items to appropriate level of management  Ability to be self motivated with a willingness to learn and contribute to the performance of the team.  Be a strong team player and to be proactive in offering help to other members of the administrative team. To swiftly seek assistance where from time to time own workload becomes unmanageable.  Confident and presentable with excellent communication skills, both written and oral.  Presents a professional and efficient image of the office.  Provides the necessary administrative support to the teams to enable them to provide a top quality and efficient service to clients Technical Skills:  Good research skills.  Strong sales background  Excellent Telephone Manner  Proficiency with Microsoft Office  Internet Explorer, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook  Excellent record keeping abilities Full Job Description will be sent out to the email address specified in your application.