Title: Lead Generator/Telesales/Telemarketing/Appointment Setter
Webindex: 71434296
Company: Morton Kyle
Description: My client is looking to expand their current lead generation team with the appointment of an additional **** lead generators into a small team that generate appointments, manage a highly qualified pipeline and develop long term sales relationships. The role of lead generator/telesales/telemarketing is the gateway to an exciting future with this business. From the initial role of lead generator/telesales/telemarketing /appointment setter, you will have the opportunity to move into an internal senior sales role or a Field Sales role. As lead generator you will be working within a small friendly team, covering the UK from our Manchester office. Your role will involve generating good quality, highly qualified sales leads with senior decision makers. The role involves you operating in a highly consultative and advisory role, as the business provides a highly tailored service, which is used in many different ways by different organisations. The business sells into large corporates. Initially you will be generating appointments for the external sales team with the view that you will move into an external sales role within the next 6 months, subject to your successful completion of training and having achieved challenging but achievable targets. Alternatively, you may wish to move into an internal direct sales role, or to continue your career as a Senior Lead Generator. Full training will be given and the business has a sales methodology that will allow you to sell effectively and efficiently. This will be the ideal role for you are looking to make the transition from internal to external sales with full support and with a professional organisation. For your application to be successful you should be able to demonstrate: A minimum of 2 years in a B2B sales role Confident in dealing with senior decision makers Comfortable with diverse pricing strategies Able to construct business proposals where the average order value is ****K plus Experience in selling complex services Fluent and confident communication skills Able to consistently hit targets Proactive and creative, an ideas person Administratively strong with good time management skills To register your interest in this post, please send your CV to Carol Griffiths, stating your current salary package and notice period. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadGeneratorTelesalesTelemarketingAppointmentSetter_job****