Title: National Account Manager  Intimate Apparel
Webindex: 68687917
Company: Ashford Knight Ltd
Description: National Account Manager  Intimate Apparel Location: South East The Role: National Account Manager required for market leading intimate apparel company. Your remit will be to focus on managing and developing a base of national accounts across high street retail and online retail, together with strategically developing new business. You will be a very confident and skilled presenter and negotiator. An excellent networker you will have an excellent eye for identifying and creating opportunities in existing clients. Further duties include budgeting / forecasting, product planning, full profit and loss and hitting sales targets. Fast paced, demanding and highly varies position requiring a skilled presenter and negotiator. Rapidly expanding Brand, with huge untapped market potential and great challenge. This is an excellent opportunity for the successful person, offering real long term opportunities and a highly motivated, supportive and dynamic team. Our Client: Premium intimate apparel brand. Fantastic reputation in the market and offering superb opportunities for successful people. Requirements: Proven experience of working as a National Account Manager in the FMCG industry. Strong account management and relationship building skills. Knowledge / experience of intimate apparel / fashion / lingerie desired, but not essential. Great new business winner. Strong experience in managing major retail national accounts. Strategic approach. Highly resilient, charismatic and outgoing. Strong work ethic. Location  Based in the South East Package: Basic Salary: **** Commission: 20% Bonus Benefits: Car  Expenses  Benefits PLEASE NOTE: Due to the large volume of applications we receive we are unable to discuss individual applications. If you have not heard from us within 7 days, your application has been unsuccessful. Keep up to date with all our latest vacancies by following us on FACEBOOK, TWITTER, GOOGLE or LINKEDIN. Check out our website at www.ashfordknight.co.uk for the links. Job Ref: **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalAccountManagerIntimateApparel_job****