Title: Recruitment Consultant  Warm Education Desk
Webindex: 72239273
Company: Connex Holdings
Description: Connex Education have a Recruitment Consultant vacancy near Birmingham City Centre At Connex we offer a fun atmosphere, with fantastic incentives including annual holidays and regular competitions with cash prizes up for grabs At Connex, we understand the importance of nurturing our employees with continuous training and we reward our performers at every stage of their career. More of our incentives include Spa Days, Friday beers, Champagne, Office Meals and Shopping Vouchers. What makes us stand out from our competitors? Our employees love coming into work because we give them the autonomy to run their desk in a way that suits them and the business as a whole. We also boast a generous commission scheme. Here's what one of our employees has to say: 'I started working for Connex 3 years ago. I had no previous recruitment experience. I immediately felt at home and welcomed in the company. I wanted a challenging, supportive and positive environment to work in and Connex certainly delivered that. Connex offer fantastic support for new consultants. There is a structured training plan you get started on straight away. The managers are motivating and inspiring, they're always ready to catch up with you and be on hand whenever you need a point in the right direction. From the moment I started I felt that I had all the support that I needed and since I've been working for Connex I've had the opportunity to become a successful consultant running my own desk. I've also now managed to have the opportunity to take on a team leader role so I'm working with all the new starters and able to manage people which I'm really enjoying.' To apply, candidates must have ****  24 months recruitment consultancy experience (all sectors will be considered). Billing record and Recruitment experience will be discussed at telephone interview. Unlike our competitors our dress code is casual Monday to Friday. More employee testimonials can be found the Connex Education website on our Careers Video. Why not browse the site and see what our staff have to say about us? Recruitment Consultant hours: 7.30am 5pm School term times 9am 5pm Holidays. Basic Salary is ****k  ****k  Uncapped Commission Recruitment Consultant  Connex Education This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantWarmEducationDesk_job****