Title: Graduate Sales Account Manager
Webindex: 68535038
Company: GRADUATE RECRUITMENT COMPANY
Description: Graduate Sales Account Manager ****k basic  bonus Surrey Role: The purpose of the role is to maximise sales revenue through closely managing and expanding on key accounts. You will be responsible for creating and developing rapport with longstanding clients as well as promoting new products and services. This is a consultative sales role, and it is necessary for you to understand your clients and their needs to develop products accordingly. You will also be encouraged to go on occasional field visits and undertake ad hoc projects as and when required.The role will grow as you do through training and development with potential to become a suitable Field Sales Executive. Company: A multi national company, who are market leaders in the fields of online tests and psychometric packages and solutions. Thorough training and support is provided for every employee with limitless career progression. If you are looking for your next step into account management, then this is the ideal place for you. Your Profile: As a Graduate Internal Account Manager you will need to be a well presented, professional individual wanting to thrive in a sales and target driven industry. Successful applicants will be innovative, able to work to their own initiative and communicate to all levels. In order to become a Junior Internal Account Manager you will have a strong academic background with a degree classification of **** or above in any discipline, but Psychology or Human Resources would be preferred. It is essential that candidates applying to the role of a Graduate Internal Account Manager will have a minimum of one years sales experience, ideally within a B2B sector. Experience in media sales or recruitment would be preferred but not essential. The successful candidate will be persuasive, able to deliver results and able to cope well under pressure. To apply, follow the website instructions to send your CV or call Claudia on ****