Title: National Account Manager  Top 5 Account
Webindex: 72688819
Company: Adderley Featherstone Plc
Description: Fulfil your career ambition with one of the biggest names in FMCG Location: South East Salary: up to ****k base  bonus, plus car / allowance benefits Our client is a well established, privately owned and expanding organisation, whose products are consumed by millions of consumers every day. Having defined its category through continual innovation and new product development their awardwinning, branded product range has resonated with consumers and are now the market leading brands in their category. Under the stewardship of its highly capable senior management team, our client is oncourse to significantly increase the size of its business with its high street pharmacy customers in the near future. The brands enjoy real loyalty and instant recognition and the company itself is significant in scale but also agile and quick to respond to a dynamic market  the ideal environment to further your career. As a result of this success and ambition, they have a need to recruit a talented and entrepreneurial National Account Manager to join the business at this exciting time and play a key role in this next stage of their expansion. With a supportive senior team to act as your mentor you will have full P L responsibility for your lead customer, Boots. This is a unique opportunity to learn from the best, have your contribution recognised and get involved in a major FMCG operation which is on an accelerated growth curve. You will be a talented, tenacious and ambitious National Account Manager with a strong track record of success in account management with customers in the Grocery or Pharmacy channel. Of most importance will be your national account management and JBP skills, passion, ambition and genuine sales flair. Given their success to date with sustained and growing high demand for their products, future career progression is very real, limited only by your ambition. Salary is around the quoted figure with flexibility to attract the best. Please forward in absolute confidence a full curriculum vitae, to Adderley Featherstone by clicking on the apply button and completing a short application.