Title: Regional Sales Manager (Pipe Division)
Webindex: 71435392
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: We are seeking an exceptional Regional Sales Manager, reporting to the National Sales Manager to focus on the following:  Maximising the growth potential of your territory in accordance with agreed targets as well as servicing the needs of your existing account portfolio  Develop existing and new working relationships with clients, consultants, end users and distributors/logistics suppliers to understand the dynamics of the supply chain.  Provide product training and technical support for all existing and new products to meetclients in personand maintain good customer relations  Manage the supply chain network through good working relationships with key people from main GPS Stockholding branches in line with company policy and Area Sales Plans. With a With an excellent proven sales background, you will be an experienced professional and will be:  A demonstrable sales success, ideally within a related industry.  An accomplished business developer with strong interpersonal skills and the ability to positively influence and persuade others.  A strong communicator who is self motivated with a hands on approach. The job will require significant travel and therefore a full driving licence is essential. Our client is a large BlueChip market leading organisation who Manufacture and Distribute in the Pipe Fluid Control system. We offer excellent benefits for the Regional Sales Manager including a bonus scheme, company laptop, mobile and car, pension scheme and lifestyle scheme, as well as a competitive salary in the region of ****k to ****k Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next **** Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalSalesManagerPipeDivision_job****