Title: Sales & Marketing Graduate Scheme commencing Summer 2013 Lincol
Webindex: 72451671
Company: Focus Management Consultants Ltd
Description: A superb opportunity for a talented graduate to make a difference in one of the UK's fastest growing and most well respected food manufacturing groups. If you are seeking a graduate scheme that will challenge you and significantly enhance your career within a fast paced, constantly evolving environment then please read on. Noble Foods is the biggest integrated egg business in Europe with a large share of the UK retail shell egg market. It has five divisions, and the shell division is the biggest, incorporating both the egg production (farms) and packing; the other divisions are Milling, Egg Products, Poultry and Desserts. Noble Foods produces award winning products for the leading UK retailers with brands including Happy Eggs and G puddings to name but a few. The business is seeking to recruit fresh talent in the form of a Sales Marketing Management trainee to join the Shell Egg Packing team based in North Scarle, Lincolnshire. The largest Free Range packing centre in the world, operating 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Originally built in **** the site grades 3 million eggs every day and over ****0 million a week. The Lincolnshire centre also acts as the 'Consolidation Hub' for the division handling over 32 million eggs a week. This is a twoyear graduate scheme, the successful applicant will be based in North Scarle, Lincolnshire, a driving license is required and ideally a car. He/she will initially be based in the Sales team, providing support to the Account Managers, before completing six months in Marketing working on the branded side of the business. As a Sales and Marketing Assistant you will provide support to all aspects of the Sales and Marketing function which includes: putting together information for the sales team (statistics and trends) to support customer meetings, attending customer meetings, managing the production of marketing materials, maintaining and updating product databases; organizing customer site visits and providing timely and accurate information for the sales and commercial teams. You must be expecting or have attained a 2:**** Honours degree and ideally have a years' experience working within the Sales/Marketing function of a business. You must also have achieved a minimum of 280 UCAS points. You must be an energetic and highly driven graduate, seeking to make a difference. A selfstarter, who works through their own initiative. Strong people skills especially communication, excellent computer literacy and the ability to build relationships with all levels are essential. My client is looking for someone to start as soon as possible, so apply today Ref NCM9431 This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesMarketingGraduateSchemecommencingSummer2013Lincol_job****