Title: Sales Executive  IT Solutions  Epsom, Surrey
Webindex: 68690066
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: Sales Executive  IT Solutions  Epsom, Surrey A very long established and specialist IT solution provider has an opportunity for a Sales Executive to join a large, structured and highly successful sales team. The Company This business has been established for well over 20 years. They are highly successful, very much the leader in a specialist but also very competitive sector of IT solutions and a trusted partner of a vast number of companies that range from FTSE 100 listed businesses to SME's. They are a Microsoft Gold Partner and backed by a huge US Professional Services company. The Role The vast majority of this role will be to establish, renew and develop existing relationships within a predetermined list of customers and target businesses within a vertical market that is heavily serviced by this business. Success in this role and ultimately individual bonuses/commission will be achieved by setting appointments and exceeding operational metrics and KPI's. Approximately **** calls per day is the norm within the role and account management responsibility will be an increasing part of the role going forward. This business is extremely large with operations also in London and a parent company that is US based, as such career development opportunities are likely to become available to those hat succeed for 18 months in this role. Extensive and ongoing technical, product and sales training will also be made available. Essential Requirements To be suitable, you will need to be an expert on the telephone and someone who has a passion for technology, preferably IT and computing. Your previous experience will almost certainly encompass some previous telesales and relationship building roles and you will need to be someone that is motivated by money and the opportunity to continue your professional and personal development. In addition to the above you will also need to have very strong written English skills and be capable of presenting to, and meeting with customers. To Apply To apply please carefully detail all your relevant experience in your CV. Where possible, please use reference ASH****TP in the Subject Line of your application. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveITSolutionsEpsomSurrey_job****