Title: (includes company car) Sales Representative  Kent & Southeast
Webindex: 68072002
Company: Allsorted Ltd
Description: Please note: for candidates holding a nonUK passport, please provide details of your right to work in the UK and written proof of your Language Level (IELTS 6.5 only) with your application to be considered. Are you outgoing sociable ? Are you a persuasive person who enjoys communicating with people? Would you like to be outandabout every day? Would you like have the chance to earn up to **** in the next year? Who are we? Allsorted Ltd is a specialised book distribution business. We sell to gift shops, card shops, heritage outlets,department stores, garden centres etc. No prior knowledge of sales is necessary, although we welcome applicants with previous experience in customer service or clientfacing roles. In addition to our own, inhouse training, we will send successful candidates to Huthwaite International – the worldclass training experts; for an intensive business course. You’ll get a company car ,in addition to an iPad and iPhone . On top of your salary, you’ll get a very fair and generous commission. The candidates we are looking for are: • Trustworthy , honest and responsible. • Able to move quickly between tasks. • Fluent English speakers (native level). • Outgoing and approachable; good at interacting with others and building relationships with a wide range of people. • Discerning , inquisitive and like to ask good questions; and then match good solutions to people’s problems. • Organised , with good attention to detail and will take pride in working to a professional standard. Would you be right for this role? Simply send us a covering letter with your CV (including your email address) telling us why you would be right for the job and make a reliable member of the team. Please contact: Julia Perry. If we like your response, we will contact you for an interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/includescompanycarSalesRepresentativeKentSoutheast_job****