Title: Head of Sales & Business Development
Webindex: 69802529
Company: Sharp Consultancy
Description: Our client is an ambitious service based business with a regional B2B offering. Established over 20 years ago, the directors continue to innovate and bring creative solutions to a competitive market place. As a member of the senior management team, the role will be to recruit, lead and motivate a team to develop a culture for achieving success in a new business focused environment. Your influence, analytical and communication skills will allow you to set the high standards necessary to help develop individuals to work as a team, whilst managing and meeting new and existing clients. You will be a proven leader, a good listener with high levels of integrity. Instinctively you will have a passion for developing and coaching eager and ambitious sales people. You will possess intellect, drive and enthusiasm, as well as a burning desire to instil a high performance culture. It would be advantageous if you have worked for an SME and have studied concepts such as SPIN, Successful Team Management and NLP as part of your own personal development. An outstanding career is on offer, as well as being part of a winning team, there is a generous package including car allowance, bonus, LTIP and pension. Please send a brief CV to our retained Consultant together with your most recent salary and a day time telephone number to Chris Sharp to chrissharpconsultancy.com Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK full time without restriction. To apply please send your CV to the email address stated, quoting our reference and specifying which website you saw this position advertised on. Due to the high volume of applications we receive it is not always possible to respond to unsuccessful applicants. Therefore if we have not responded to your application within seven days please note that on this occasion your application has not been successful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofSalesBusinessDevelopment_job****