Title: Regional Sales Manager  Health Foods & Supplements
Webindex: 72245195
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: Territory based sales role to sell a range of naturally produced dietary supplementary products to support healthy living.Well established in Europe,the business has a great product portfolio and is looking to replicate this success in the UK market, targeting independent Pharmacies and Health Food Retailers prior to rolling out into the multiples. Covering the Midlands, the successful candidate will be offered full autonomy to operate and will receive a great package including an uncapped profit share/commission in addition to a competitive basic salary which will be guaranteed for up to 6 months for proven performers.  Must have a proven track record and contacts selling into Independent Pharmacies (and ideally but not essentially Health Food retailers).  Must be Midlands based to maximise efficiency on patch.  Strong business developer to successfully bring a new product range to market.  Ideally come from a structuredFMCG background to effectively present and sell across a full range of products.  Effective time and journey planner to selfmanage across the territory.  Looking for an opportunity to join an expandingbusiness at an exciting time in it`s growth strategy. Highly established and successful panEuropean Health Food and Supplementation business looking to penetrate the UK market and replicate their success. Up to **** Basic Salary plus Uncapped Commission (with 6 month guarantee), Generous Car Allowance. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalSalesManagerHealthFoodsSupplements_job****