Title: IMMEDIATE START IN SALES / CUSTOMER SERVICE
Webindex: 67750869
Company: Pure Online Recruitment
Description: Sales / Customer Service Representatives based in London This ENTHUSIASTIC, BUSY & FRIENDLY OFFICE IN LONDON is looking for Sales / Customer Service Representatives Are you fed up with your current job? Do you fancy a challenge? Or want a change in your career? This is a Sales & Marketing office in London looking for people who: • are looking for a challenge • are looking to make a difference • want some fun building a career • are ambitious • are willing to learn and develop their skills They would like to meet you if you have experience in: • Sales • FacetoFace Communication • Leadership • Customer Service • Marketing/PR • Business Development • Direct Sales No experience? No problem Full product training will be given Please send your CV  Immediate starts available. Location: London ****  **** per week average earnings (uncapped) Please click to apply for this opportunity as a Sales / Customer Service Representative. If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. The opening is varied, and does involve an element of facetoface sales with the general public across a variety of locations and media including at their own homes. As such, impeccable customer service levels are needed at all times. Please note that this is a selfemployed opportunity that does not have a basic salary, which allows for completely uncapped earnings on a 100% performance related basis. Pure Online Recruitment is a flat fee online recruitment company that actively recruit for the following roles: Sales Executives, Marketing Representatives, Sales Trainees, Marketing Executives, Sales Representatives, Marketing Trainees, New Business Sales Executives, Graduate Openings, Account Managers, Graduate Training, Promotions, PR, Customer Service Advisors, Telesales, Travel, Tourism, Customer Service Representatives, Advertising, Retail, Entry Level, Graduate, Call Centre, Contact Centre, and Telemarketing in London Ref: BLP****C