Title: Work in S E Asia doing Financial Telesales
Webindex: 71420216
Company: Shaw Sales Recruitment
Description: My client is a leading Financial Services Company with locations throughout S.E. Asia. Currently they are seeking junior and senior brokers to join their team abroad. Your role will be building ongoing and profitable relationships with new and discerning investors by generating interest, dealing with objections and closing new business. Job Requirements Successful applicants will have a strong sales background but can come from diverse sectors and have a range of sales focused roles, financial service sales, IFA's, mortgage advisors, direct sales, doortodoor sales people, busy sales environment, estate agency, telesales, car sales, kitchen sales, etc. Most importantly you will have the desire to succeed and be motivated by money. We are looking for individuals willing to do whatever it takes to hit targets and get the business in. Full training is provided but passion and desire to succeed cannot be taught, you must possess this in full. Key responsibilities •Making **** calls a day to key decision makers •Hitting daily, weekly and monthly targets •Using the CRM system to log correspondence •Closing new business Skills Required •Target driven telesales experience •Confidence in speaking to senior decision makers  Directors, CFOs, High Net Worth Individuals •Good sales approach with solid understanding of the sales process •Excellent communication and organizational skills •Competitive nature with the enthusiasm to succeed •Smart and professional appearance This position has unlimited income potential through uncapped high commissions. OTE for first year ****k with potential to double 2nd year and beyond. The commission structure is one of the highest in the industry. You must be motivated by the high commission structure in a tax free, offshore location. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/WorkinSEAsiadoingFinancialTelesales_job****