Title: Family Business Huge UK expansion seeks **** Working Partners pt / ft
Webindex: 68071874
Company: The CAV Group
Description: Are you looking for something a little different? THERE IS A BETTER WAY… Our business is not for everyone…equally we don’t accept just anyone. We are looking for some key people to join us in our 2nd phase expansion plan here in the UK, we also have Global opportunties. Who are we: A global organisation with over ****yrs history of continual growth through every recession. Cash rich and completely Debt Free We are market leaders in 2 niche markets and pride ourselves on exceptionally high client satisfaction and to that end our $**** billion turnover last year has all been acquired through recommendation and referrals, We are a company who prides ourself on offering a successful career progression plan with lifetime training and support which is ongoing throughout your life with us. We offer a business model which is successfully helping people across the globe. We have (IIP) Investors in People Gold and Championship Status so we can assure you of the best possible career plan. What is your role You role within our company would be a selfemployed. Home based advisor with a full corporate package of Car Plan, International Travel and Profit Share You will be developing and maintaining 20 regular clients and looking after those 20 clients on a month by month basis, (alongside your business mentor) so building a healthy rapport with them. We will train and support you, to coach and train small to medium sized business owners and assist them in all aspects of their development to successful run their own independent business, all under the umbrella of our global operation. You may be a mum returning to work or retired and wanting to choose the hours you want to be work. Your background is not so important, your desire to work in an environment that you know you are making a difference. IS  Your back ground could be in Finance, Banking, Insurance, HR, Sales Marketing, Teaching, Management, Recruitment, Hospitality, Animal arena. Do you have an entrepreneurial spirit and need support for it to grow and develop if so. Are you sociable, friendly, and professional, honest and ethical? Full UK driving licence and own transport. Please send your CV by emails you will be contacted by phone for a preliminary discussion before being invited to attend a more detailed discuss. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FamilyBusinessHugeUKexpansionseeks****WorkingPartnersptft_job****