Title: Sales Account Manager  Eltham
Webindex: 72446684
Company: Orange Recruitment
Description: Sales Account Manager  Large format printer sales office supplies Our client is looking for a Sales Account Manager providing a fantastic career opportunity within Stationery and Large Format Sales. ??Want to join a fun company, who have a laugh but remain professional at work, who celebrate success in the local pub and on special days a Big Mac in the office ? read on. Our client`s expanding business in Kent / SE London, is seeking enthusiastic and ambitious people to work in an exciting and fast moving graphics, stationery and paper supplies industry. ? This is a rare opportunity to join their exciting young company and help develop their large format printer supplies and stationery business. You will be responsible for:  Developing account business  Generating new business  Helping our client achieve our 5M goal for ****13. Required:  Good composure  Enthusiasm  Sales Knowledge  Proven Sales Experience  Proven Sales Closing Experience  Results Driven/Money Hungry Attitude This position is available immediately. Even without prior knowledge of the productrange, if you have the drive and determination you will be successful. Full product training will be given. ??This is a very exciting opportunity with a chance for you to progress your career with a high level of responsibility and great earning potential.??There is an existing account base for the successful candidate to work from plus quality leads, which you would be expected to close and thus enable you to develop a portfolio of new business. This is a niche specialist market with a range of unique paper products to compliment the range of printers from major manufacturers.?? Package:?20K Basic  ****k OTE  FANTASTIC opportunities and earning potential for the successful candidate?? About our client: Our client is a small company with about **** in the team. Established in 1991 they are market leaders in their field, selling large format printers from HP, Epson and Canon into the architectural and graphics markets. They are one of the largest providers of wide format HP, Canon and Epson printing solutions within the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesAccountManagerEltham_job****