Title: Sales Representative School Term Time
Webindex: 70599531
Company: Rise Executive Search & Recruitment Ltd
Description: BASIC **** PER ANNUM (approx ****K pro rata) PAID MONTHLY PLUS BONUS CAR, MOBILE, LAP TOP, HOME PHONE LINE WORKING SCHOOL TERM TIME (APPROX 9 MONTHS PA) We have a fantastic opportunity for an experienced field sales person seeking school term time working. My Client, a specialist distributor of Electrical Components, require a very enthusiastic sales person to help promote their range of products to new and existing clients in and around Scotland but mainly the main population areas including Glasgow, Edinburgh, Dunfermline, Stirling and Aberdeen. Living central to the territory would be ideal, as this is a Field based sales role working form a home office approx **** day per week with the other 4 days visiting customers. The role will be to visit OEM’s, End Users and Electrical Wholesalers and Distributors to secure existing business and identify new sales opportunities. The role will be full time during the school term with holidays matching that of the school year local to your requirement. Full benefits of the car and fuel are retained for the full 12 months . This could be particularly advantageous for a parent with children of school age. You will be field based, and will make use of your communication skills to make appointments with influential personnel in your target sector. You will be provided with initial and ongoing product training and full support to assist you in your success. Technical support will be available to assist you. You will be required to visit head office for sales meeting and training at regular intervals, for eg, monthly or every 2 months. You will be working to achieve a target and as is normal will need to file reports to the office detailing your activities on a regular basis. The person Whilst no direct product experience is necessary you will have a background in Sales and will show an ability to learn quickly and think on your feet. You must be bright and cheerful and have a very outgoing personality. You will be very self motivated and have a strong desire to succeed, be able to quickly form relationships with customers, a good communicator, team player yet driven enough to operate independently. To register your interest contact us with an up to date CV and we will be pleased to call you for a confidential discussion.