Title: Digital Sales Manager
Webindex: 67332219
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Digital Sales Manager ****  Uncapped Comm. Our client, one of the UK 's global leading financial networks with a portfolio of investment sites targeting both private investors and active traders is looking to recruit a Digital Sales Manager to be part of their vibrant London based team. As Digital Sales Manager, you will be target driven and business orientated, responsible for revenue generations through the sale of online display advertising and sponsorship across web financial groups. You will be a confident individual with strong communication skills managing long term relationships and negotiating with everyone from planner / buyers through to account directors. As a multitasker you will take on challenges and tasks with passion and enthusiasm, with the desire to succeed and achieve goals. You will have previous experience with online display advertising with strong agency contacts. A second European language (Spanish) is advantageous. This is an exciting opportunity for someone looking to enhance their career and obtain training and development and a wider knowledge to different market sectors within a dynamic company. If you believe you have the skills and qualities for this role, apply now. Key Responsibilities of the As Digital Sales Manager include: . Revenue generation through the sale of online display advertising and sponsorship across the web financial group . Proactively working to maximise the revenue of the company . Negotiate with planner / buyers through to account director . Selling to leading agencies and clients directly . Understanding market conditions and competitive forces . Promote digital and enable them to sell online more effectively . Managing existing clients . Growing customer base by generating new leads Qualities we're looking for in the As Digital Sales Manager include: . Previous significant experience in online display advertising is essential . Previous agency sales experience . Knowledge of the business and finance site experience is advantageous . Strong agency contacts . Confident selling on all levels . A second European language (Spanish) is advantageous . Excellent negotiation, presentation and organisational skills . Strong communication skills, both written and verbal . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focussed . Solid knowledge of technologies/software programmes such as Excel, PowerPoint and Word . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/DigitalSalesManager_job****