Title: Construction Recruitment Consultant Construction Recruiter
Webindex: 69992588
Company: Factus Recruitment Ltd
Description: Construction Recruitment Consultant –Engineering Recruitment Consultant. Top commission paid The Client Factus Recruitment Ltds client represent the very best total Recruitment solutions provider. This successful Group, comprises recruitment brands in IT, Property, Engineering, Construction, Administration, Finance and HR. Their Directors are seasoned Professionals who have worked with very successful businesses in the past. They are an ambitious organisation working with leading Clients in both the Public and Private sectors across the Globe. They offer their Clients Permanent, Contract and Search solutions. Your job is to actively source vacancies and to place contract candidates. The Role They require the establishment of contract desks in Engineering, Construction and IT. Contract desks are fast paced and require excellent organisation, self motivation, persistence and persuasion. Jobs come and go quickly. You need to find the job, gain exclusivity and fill it quickly from your database of quality contract staff. Your aim is to increase your market share of contract workers and in doing so earn lots of commission The Engineering and Construction Clients are already well established over the last 10 years. The type of staff they place include; M E Design Engineers for Building Services Clients; CAD Technicians; Quantity Surveyors, Site Managers. The IT Contract desk will require the establishment of relationships with Clients who hire contract Software and Web developers. They already have a number of Clients and Vacancies, which we will need to cover with contract candidates. About You You will either have worked in telesales or had experience as a contract or permanent recruitment consultant in a Professional sector. Experience of their sectors is not as important as the qualities you possess. You will be motivated, persistent and persuasive. You will need to demonstrate the desire to acquire the rewards associated with running a successful contract desk. Company Benefits Their aim is to create an enjoyable work environment and to create fulfilling careers with the opportunity to learn and earn. We will use internal and external resources to ensure you are trained to do your job effectively. They are a member of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) and are proud to follow their code of conduct and regulations. As part of their commitment to recognise and reward achievement, they provideattractive benefits package. They recognise that individuals have different requirements and that their priorities may change over time and the range of benefits they offer reflects that. They offer a generous basic salary and their Commission structure and Bonus schemes are uncapped. Career Development • **** month probationary period review to confirm that the role is right for you • **** monthly performance development reviews, assessing your performance, agreeing future objectives and developing a personal development plan • Excellent internal/external training and development opportunities for all employees, including specific IT training, personal skills training and further education qualifications • Internal advertising for all positions Financial Rewards • Annual salary review. • Uncapped Commission. • The more you bill, the bigger your share This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ConstructionRecruitmentConsultantConstructionRecruiter_job****