Title: Sales Development Executive  Food Ingredients
Webindex: 68347535
Company: Kandhu Ltd
Description: An exciting role for a capable and enthusiastic sales exec looking for a more commercial / technical role. OUR CLIENT Is a successful food ingredients business with an excellent product offering and first class technical back up THE SALES DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE ROLE New Business development within Food  UK and Ireland Development and maintenance of business relationships with existing customers Commercial and technical, sales and marketing Liaise with company European manufacturing sites Business development with food manufacturers in UK and Ireland including identification, pursuit and realisation of opportunities as they occur, and develop into new business this includes travel across UK and delivering company presentations and information Develop and maintain business relationships with customers from an existing account portfolio Following training (In UK Europe)  Commercial and technical sales and marketing including initial contact for new sales enquiries, daily operational sales support To offer customers technical and R D support for new projects and existing products, using teams where appropriate, liaising with R D / Technical in UK and Europe Prepare quotes in response to customer needs either from visit or from telephone enquiry. Follow up quotations through visits and telephone contact. THE CANDIDATE Youll need to impress us with your enthusiasm and flexible approach. We want you to succeed, so will provide excellent training, technical back up and a really positive and focused support to the customer at all levels to ensure your role at the front end has positive outcomes. A food ingredients background in either technical or sales would be preferable but not essential. We would consider a new food technology graduate or equivalent that has a desire to move into a technical / commercial role. You will need to be excellent communicator, creative, commercially aware and astute, results driven, proactive, organised and competent. Ability to work unaided and independently without supervision and well as in a small team environment Ability to plan own work and use initiative to organise customer visits and schedule. Naturally you will need a full driving license and be able to travel widely. If this job is of interest and you would like to investigate this further, apply TODAY Kandhu Recruitment are specialist recruiters within the Food, Drink and FMCG Sector