Title: Account Executive  Respiratory Merseyside/Wirral
Webindex: 66161158
Company: Additional Resources
Description: Account Executive  Respiratory  Merseyside/Wirral Our client is a world leading pharmaceutical company with an excellent track record working within the respiratory market. Our client currently has a very exciting opportunity working as an Account Executive based in the Merseyside/Wirral region. The Role: To drive the business through an account management approach to achieve area sales targets using selling models, processes and resources as appropriate. Deliver account plan objectives and identify short and long term growth opportunities which will create a positive prescribing environment for the company’s products. Create and maintain key account plans based on Business needs and customer knowledge. Key Duties and Responsibilities: Develop and maintain a thorough understanding of the local NHS environment in order to create an appropriate account plan and objectives and communicate these with team colleagues and relevant Head Office stakeholders. Demonstrate flexibility in account planning by producing evolving and continually updated account plans which reflect outcomes and objectives. Devise tactics to support the regions strategic plan through understanding the needs and priorities of individual accounts. Recognise, negotiate and influence key stakeholders around the NHS by demonstrating examples of where the company’s brands can positively affect KEY local NHS plans To be aware of all networks and influencers on prescribers and positively impact on these to grow and defend prescribing in accordance with the business needs of the account. Using agreed market access tools create access opportunities for joint working partnerships between the company and NHS. Ensure wider communication to internal stake holders and utilise internal resources Responsible for the acquisition and subsequent monitoring of the account expenditure budget. Work within the constraints of relevant Code of Practice and legislation, Policies and Procedures, and minimum standards. Required Competencies: NHS Knowledge: local environment including priorities, identifying and developing influential individuals and current or impending changes Proven ability to gain prescriptions in a negative environment and have a knowledge of local, Regional and National formulary inclusion processes, secure product endorsement, influence guidelines, pathways and demonstrable appropriate guidelines management Ability to create objectives and account plans that will achieve business goals Evaluation skills (evaluation objectives and successes engaged with the Company, brand and sales strategies Organisational savvy (knowledge of networks within the Company and how they can be utilised to achieve business goals) Budget management and delivery of ROI Proven team worker both within immediate team and further afield Innovative but compliant account planning Effective proven selling skills with successful track record Effective product & therapy area knowledge Proven ability to feedback within team and within the company to deliver improved business results Effective presentation skills Effective organisational and administrative skills Selfmotivated, demonstrates initiative Recruitment Process: **** stage process Package: Circa **** with excellent bonus and benefits We are an employment business and an employment agency as defined within the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations ****