Title: Recruitment/Senior Consultant
Webindex: 71852261
Company: Badenoch & Clark   Manchester.
Description: Despite the ongoing recession and cuts to public spending, the Social Work Recruitment market still remains strong. Badenoch and Clark are expanding their social work recruitment team and looking for talented individuals to join their experienced team. The team are seeking to make a significant impact on the market this year and have ambitious plans for the future. Alongside already being a leading provider to Local Councils and NHS trusts, Badenoch and Clark have 1st tier supplier status on many accounts. The role of a consultant is a challenging one with many different elements. Some of the key factors in the role will be;  To establish, not only the company, but yourself as a reputable, respectful and hardworking agent with social workers and clients alike.  To map out clients and establish good relationships with key decision makers.  Pro actively recruit for clients, knowing the type of staff they look for and sell them in where possible.  Maintain relationships with candidates and register them in line with contract compliance.  Understand your market sector, through research, client meetings and knowledge of the field of work.  Maintain profitable margins, plan your own desk of business, forecast results and evaluate the results  Hit activity targets, enjoy your job and leave at the end of the day happy In order to be considered you will have prior experience of recruitment, ideally within the Public Sector. This could be within supplying to Councils, private care organisations, the NHS or another government body. Badenoch and Clark also welcomes applications from graduates, who can make full use of the Graduate Training Scheme that we offer. To register your interest please send your CV through to daniel.thompsonbadenochandclark.com with a short cover letter to describe your current situation. www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentSeniorConsultant_job****