Title: Outbound Telesales  Cold Calling
Webindex: 69743056
Company: Change Recruitment
Description: Position: Outbound Telesales Agent Location: Glasgow City Centre Hours: **** p/w: Mon  Friday NO WEEKENDS Salary: **** after probation  uncapped bonus Start Date: ASAP Are you money driven? Do you have a passion for sales? Would you like to work for a company who are continually growing? The Company: Our client, a well established, successful and continually growing company based in Glasgow City Centre are looking to expand their existing telesales team with roles starting ASAP for the right candidate. Working in a market which is currently booming our client are looking to recruit high calibre, money driven sales consultants to join their energetic sales office. Our Client are paying a fantastic basic in order to recruit the best candidates available, on top of this they pay an excellent uncapped commission scheme where realistic earnings can top ****k plus. The Position: Working on a dialler system your role will be to cold call customers from reliable data provided to you. You will be expected to show empathy, while building rapport with the customer, asking prequalifying questions to ensure that they are eligible for a Trust Deed, selling the features and benefits of the services that it provides. This is a challenging role but an extremely rewarding position where top performers can earn some serious cash. Initially you will start on a temporary contract whilst on probation, with a starting salary of **** However after successfully completing probation, you will immediately move onto a permanent contract with a salary of **** per year. Candidate: Due to the challenging nature of this role and the fantastic salary on offer, we are looking for candidates who have an excellent telephone manner, strong telesales background in a cold calling environment and a solid work history. Please consider the below requirements before applying. Minimum Requirements: Previous cold calling telesales background essential Strong Communication/Negotiation Skills Strong Objection Handling Motivated and driven Able to work 12pm  8pm Mon to Fri (7pm finish on Friday)