Title: Sales Executive  Desk Based
Webindex: 71445186
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: Sales Executive Education Team Telford ****k****k ****k OTE Capita IT Services is part of the Capita Group Plc. Capita is the UKs leading business process outsourcing (BPO) and professional services company. Capita delivers back office administration and front office customer contact services to private and public sector organisations across the UK and Ireland. As a result of growth we are seeking a Sales Executive to join the team in Telford, working on the portfolio of services designed for the Education sector. The successful candidate will be tasked with generating and closing sales opportunities for software licensing, hardware and IT services, through quality account management and outbound telesales activities. You will target decision makers within schools, colleges, and Universities, positioning Capita IT Services as a market leading supplier within education market place. Responsibilities include:  Achieve sales revenue targets and KPIs.  Maintain an accurate sales pipeline and ensure committed business is closed.  Ensure marketing campaigns are proactively followed up.  Manage a number of UK accounts, within agreed territory and be responsible for selling our full range of products and services in to these establishments.  The primary point of contact for all customers in your territory, ensuring customers receive the highest level of service at all times.  Pass complex technical enquiries on to specialist staff, but expected to maintain contact with customers, until the deal is won or lost  and beyond.  Ensure customer expectations are exceeded at every opportunity.  Share knowledge on competitors and market changes.  Track all sales activities within the companys CRM system.  Develop a thorough knowledge of our products, our services and to take part in internal and external training sessions.  Work closely with company partners and Capita sales teams to achieve joint sales success. Experience  2 years experience in a similar environment  Proven track record in outbound sales  Strong understanding of IT Software/Hardware  Excellent communication skills  Excellent Microsoft Office skillsCapita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.