Title: Business Unit Manager / Sales Executive  eCommerce
Webindex: 72451330
Company: Lovell Johns
Description: Business Unit Manager / Sales Executive  eCommerce Salary is ****  **** pa  a good bonus scheme. We are looking for a Business Unit Manager to take charge of a fast growing eCommerce part of our business. We are a well established business in operation for over 40 years. The business area you will be managing is relatively new, but it is one that is thriving quickly and we are committed to develop it fast. This is an exciting role for an individual who wants to get involved in all areas of business. This individual will manage the sales and administration for selling our products through worldwide group buying networks. An entrepreneurial approach to business with a dedication to drive this business unit forward alongside maintaining customer service levels will result in a good bonus being reached. Responsibilities : Involvement in product selection and pitching to group networks Costing Day to day management of all group network clients and deals running Development of new worldwide group network contacts Input into online development to increase sales (i.e. systems and product proposition) Managing and implementing a unit growth strategy Systems admin  maintaining operational activities, improving processes etc Management of customer support Actual customer support Production administration, placing of orders to production units, print buying etc. Responsible for reaching sales forecasts / required profit levels / customer support benchmarks  reporting weekly / monthly will be required on these elements. You will be responsible for the development and management of the unit and ensuring that sales forecasts and customer services levels are reached. Additionally we are looking to extract the maximum amount of profit out of this high volume area and therefore the ability to understand profit on low value, high volume goods is necessary. This is a 'get the hands dirty role', and as such a team approach is required to ensure we reach customer satisfaction levels. It may be necessary on a day to day basis to process customer enquiries yourself to hit the levels you will set. There will be a support person in place to help with customer enquiries (not in post yet) but volumes may be high or enquiries may be difficult to solve and therefore need to involve your input. Finally you will need to be good at solving issues and be able to create new more efficient processes as volumes of orders increase. The role will be managed closely by the Sales and Marketing Director however we are looking for someone ambitious who prefers freedom to develop, which will be given when results are proven. Requirements: At least 12 years experience in a sales role or similar business unit management role. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are required You must have an energetic and positive attitude You must be able to manage an extremely busy workload and thrive working under pressure You must be confident speaking to customers on the phone Computer skills are required especially Excel An eCommerce background would be beneficial A second European language would be beneficial, German or French preferred. The position is based in Long Hanborough, near Witney (on the train line from Oxford). This is a full time position with the hours being **** to 5pm. Due to the nature of the position you may be required from time to time to work outside of these hours to complete your duties. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessUnitManagerSalesExecutiveeCommerce_job****