Title: Inbound Sales Consultants
Webindex: 71901655
Company: Direct Line Group
Description: Inbound Sales Consultants  Full time Permanent Ipswich Salary **** package plus bonus What being a sales consultant involves Be the voice of a wide range of market leading insurance brands, including Direct Line and Churchill. Speak to a huge array of customers. And tailor your approach to each. Whatever your background, this is a customerfocused sales role with real variety. The joy of working with so many different brands is that they appeal to a huge variety of different people. Your challenge is to do the same. As part of our retention or sales teams you ll be selling our products, whether that s car, home, travel or pet insurance, is your ultimate aim, but you ll also help customers by amending, transferring and renewing policies. When a call comes through, it could be anyone from any walk of life, and you ll have to adapt your approach accordingly. You ll follow scripts in certain areas, but how you walk your customers through the process, get to know them, highlight the benefits and match our products to their needs is largely up to you. Skills and qualities you ll need We want people to draw on their life experience, personality and individual talents. If you have sales experience, so much the better. Whilst we offer training, broadly speaking, we look for:  The ability to communicate persuasively  Sharp thinking and an eye for detail  Helpfulness and a passion for customer service  Drive and enthusiasm for meeting targets  PC literacy In return, we ll give you a great team atmosphere, extensive training, excellent benefits and plenty of opportunities for progression. Career benefits and rewards It all starts with a competitive salary, benchmarked against our competitors, which will grow as you do. We ve made sure your annual holiday entitlement is attractive too  and what s more, we let you choose the rewards that suit your lifestyle. That kind of flexibility is a key feature of our benefits package. And there s plenty to choose from, including:  Pension funding of 9% of your base salary  you can choose to contribute less or more than this  Income protection  Life assurance  Private medical cover (anyone can choose this through our flexible benefits scheme, and managers receive this as standard)  Direct Line Group employees can apply for 50% off Direct Line and Churchill home, motor and pet insurance policies  We also provide free Direct Line travel insurance and Green Flag breakdown cover to our people Direct Line Group is a new organisation, with a clear vision: to be Britain s best retail general insurer. We have market leading positions in the UK in personal lines motor and home insurance. We re home to some of the nation s bestloved brands, including Direct Line, Churchill, Privilege, Green Flag, TRACKER and NIG.