Title: Sales Manager  International
Webindex: 71171237
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Sales Manager  International **** OTE Our Client, a leading global B2B publication is looking to recruit a Sales Manager to join their prestigious team based in South West London. As Sales Manager you will be responsible for developing new business with an energetic and proactive attitude, building strong rapport with new and exisiting clients. Your enthusiasm and assertiveness will drive the business forward with the goal to succeed and bring in results. With confidence you will take part in generating new business accounts presenting features and benfits for our client as well as event delegate directories and associated online publications. This role also gives you the opportunity to travel overseas and is an integral part of the business and therefore you must have excellent communication skills inorder to create strong relationships with potential clients. Previous experience in media sales and online is advantageous (but not essential). This is a fantastic opportunity to work for one of the industry's online travel companies. If you believe you have the skills and qualities for this role, apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Sales Manager include: . Selling online across various portfolios . Developing good working relationships with key customers . Providing appropriate commercial solutions whilst maximising revenue . Acting as a central point of contact for key customers . Driving and maximising sales targets . Creating innovative ways in which to build business from individual accounts Qualities we're looking for in the Sales Manager include: . Previous media sales and online experience preferable (but not essential) . Willingness to travel overseas . A proven track record of working within a target driven environment and achieving these targets consistently . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focussed . Strong communcation and presentation skills . Excellent clientfacing and telephone sales skills . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesManagerInternational_job****