Title: Key Account Manager (Media Sales)  Recruitment Advertising
Webindex: 69539809
Company: Certus Sales Recruitment
Description: Key Account Manager (Media Sales) Recruitment Advertising London High Base, Uncapped OTE plus Excellent Benefits This is an excellent role working on one of our client s top publications that has the reputation for being the UK s leading current affairs weekly publication/portal with a scientific angle. With a parent company that is FTSE 100 listed and a solid record of performance in the media, publishing, online and business information sectors, this role is ideal for those who seek to work for the industry s best. Due to continued growth they have an exciting opening for a Key Account Manager to cover the UK from their London office. As a Key Account Manager your key tasks will require you to manage key accounts and drive business forward across all segments of recruitment advertising (offline and online). This is an internal/client facing sales role dealing with existing and new clients, and involves potential travel throughout the UK. More specifically, this role involves encouraging new clients to advertise their vacancies and promote their brand in print and online as well as increasing existing client spend across the portfolio. Contact Certus Sales Recruitment for a full overview of this exciting company and their immediate opening. The ideal, degree educated candidate will have a minimum of 23 years media, publishing and/or recruitment experience with a proven track record of sales success. You will be experienced in client facing sales, have solid key account management and negotiation skills and proven presentation skills to both individuals and groups. You will have commercial awareness, be free to travel and be self motivated and capable of using your own initiative. The successful candidate can expect a generous base salary with an uncapped OTE plus an additional and generous benefits package. Certus is an established and experienced specialist and consultancy, providing sales and marketing recruitment services to the business to business marketplace throughout the UK. We are experts in the recruitment of internal and external (field sales) sales professionals from Graduate we are well positioned to deliver cost effective recruitment solutions in a timely manner. To find out more about Certus, please visit and Like our and pages to follow all the latest vacancies and news from within Certus and around the industry