Title: AGENCY ACCOUNT MANAGER LONDON
Webindex: 69002123
Company: Bond Recruitment
Description: Bond Recruitment are delighted to be working with the UK s Number One Website. Already the UK`s number one job site, enjoying a bigger market share than any other employment or training site (source: Experian Hitwise), they need world class individuals to help them realize their ambitious plans for growth. The company is passionate about their brand, product and users, and would like to meet a highly motivated individual who will share their vision and passion. The role of the Agency Account Manager is within the Advertising Agency Channel, working with the UK s biggest recruitment advertising agencies and the largest brands in the UK. The role will involve a mixture of telephone sales and face to face sales Principle Accountabilities Initiate contact with agencies over the telephone, meet face to face and develop relationships with all key contacts within each advertising agency. Identify key clients within each agency, conduct client specific meetings and migrate clients to the website. Manage live campaigns and show excellent customer service. Demonstrate an in depth knowledge of our products. Meet individual sales targets and KPIs. Respond to agencies` enquiries/requests in a timely and professional manner. Develop a full understanding of current agencies and contacts and build relationships. Support account managers with agency campaigns. Manage individual pipeline to ensure true forecasting. Deliver presentations to individuals or whole teams of agency account managers. Qualifications GCSE Maths and English or equivalent (grade C or above). Experience Proven trackrecord of consistent achievement of sales KPIs and sales targets. Demonstrate an in depth knowledge of recruitment advertising. Knowledge Knowledge of advertising agencies and their contacts is desirable. Strong written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal skills and an ability to interact with a diverse range of people. Results driven, motivated and passionate about sales. Strong commitment to personal excellence, self disciplined and resourceful with excellent attention to detail and time management skills