Title: Electronic Field Sales Engineer
Webindex: 72442089
Company: Fraser Lyons Consulting
Description: Electronic Field Sales Engineer Our client are a successful, established Importer / Distributor of FarEastern produced Plastic, Rubber, Metal Parts, Fans and other Electronic Components. The types of products our client deal with include electric cooling fan systems, rubber keypads, plastic inkjet moulding etc. Based in London, with customers in the UK, EEC, Asia and Americas, the company is growing at a healthy rate. They are looking to recruit an Enthusiastic Sales Engineer with a responsibility to develop and grow for the following Territory; South of England: Berkshire, Surrey, Sussex, Essex Areas. The successful candidate will reside in a local area within this territory. You will also have a solid technical understanding of plastic, rubber and electronics, having worked previously in a technical environment and be in possession of an electrical qualification. You MUST have experience and knowledge of the supply/sale of electronic components. Field Sales Engineer Job Description  Reporting to the Managing Director Key Responsibilities: Sales responsibility for the territory to New Existing Customers to achieve growth. Visit qualified customers prospects, normally 4days per week with **** day at home for planning admin. Monthly Review Meeting with Management at the office Provide Visit Reports to the office on a daily basis via CRM system Carry out Sales initiatives including 'Cold Calls’ to promote products to potential customers Develop relationships at decision level of major customers and prospects. Manage customers prospects closely to ensure competitiveness of the company’s quotations. Exhibitions, attend as required. Effective timely response to sales leads provided. Keep aware communicate information on Market, Competitor activity, and Technology changes. Package:  Competitive Salary plus Bonus. (Basic ****  ****K upwards).  Car: VW Passat (Diesel) or equivalent.  Medical Insurance at next renewal Please contact Helaina Willson at Fraser Lyons Consulting for further details. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ElectronicFieldSalesEngineer_job****