Title: Technical Sales Executive – Excellent career progression
Webindex: 72443565
Company: FDM Group Ltd
Description: Technical Sales Executive – Excellent career progression Sales/Recruitment/Account Management Role Are you enthusiastic, energetic, career focused and highly motivated? Do you enjoy working in a fastpaced environment? Want a career where you are rewarded for your success and encouraged to meet your potential? FDM is a global IT services provider with a powerful business model. As the **** th fastest growing company in Europe, we are continuously expanding into new areas and developing existing business within our impressive client base. We are currently seeking Technical Sales Executives to work within a newly formed business within FDM to establish and build relationships with key clients. The role can be based in either Brighton or London, and you will be reporting directly to the Permanent Sales Manger. You will be a key member of a newly formed team responsible for finding permanent employment for skilled IT professionals through creating and developing relationships with large bluechip clients. You will be working within a motivated and sociable team and must be able to demonstrate good teamwork. The role will be client facing and so you must possess impeccable interpersonal and communication skills, as well as the ability to work under pressure with enthusiasm. You will also be selfmotivated, organised, targetdriven and possess adequate IT skills. FDM continue to experience rapid growth and within this new area of the business the right individual has the potential to build a successful career and really make their mark in the organisation, with the opportunity to progress quickly. Candidates should have worked in sales or recruitment before and any previous experience of Permanent Recruitment would be beneficial. To apply for this position, please send your CV to ursula.linefdmgroup.com for review To find out more about FDM please visit www.fdmgroup.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalSalesExecutiveExcellentcareerprogression_job****