Title: Category Manager  Product Marketing
Webindex: 72441650
Company: Glen Callum Associates Ltd
Description: Category Manager – Product Marketing (Circa ****k)  Excellent Benefits Package A Category Manager is required based within the West Midlands  Birmingham / Coventry /Warwickshire area to join the Product Management Team for a successful leading company. Our client is one of the leading, most advanced and most successful automotive parts suppliers within the UK . Their growth is due to a distinctive and unsurpassed array of products within leading brands, aligned with an exceptional knowledge and detailed understanding of their customer’s expectations. The organisation take pride in recruiting and retaining talented staff and offer a state of the art working environment in addition to realistic advancement opportunities. Due to continued growth and to steer their product management division they have a vacancy for a Category Manager, to manage their product management function and assist with their development of product management team and wider commercial activities. The Role Reporting to the Head of Marketing you will be responsible for the product marketing function, including managing all elements of the full marketing mix from product management, supply chain through to commercially related elements of the division. This role encompasses man management of the division’s product manager’s therefore we seek an individual with strong combined programme development and people management skills. Person Specification We ideally seek a senior product marketing individual with experience of developing aftermarket parts programmes along with possessing solid people management skills. Excellent commercial aptitude is of equal importance along with an ability to view the category management / product management function from a wider commercial perspective. Additionally, our ideal candidate will be educated to at least degree level. However more important will be your previous experience and ability to demonstrate a solid track record of achievement within the automotive aftermarket / replacement parts industry in conjunction with the above brief. Way Forward Interested? Then please email your current CV Glen Shepherd of Glen Callum Associates Ltd. REF **** Glen Callum Associates are leading automotive and industrial recruitment specialists for sales, operational and marketing positions. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CategoryManagerProductMarketing_job****