Title: Sales Executive  Beauty
Webindex: 71677110
Company: Tobias Recruitment Ltd
Description: A beauty establishment based in Central London are looking to recruit a 'Sales Executive' for their West End office. You MUST have a strong new business development background as well as account management skills. The basic salary for this role will be up to ****K with an ****K performance related bonus. The role incorporates the following  Sales/Telesales To maintain and develop strong relationships with key contacts and new businesses To maintain regular and effective communication with key clients To provide effective communication to prospective clients in a professional manner both on the phone, facetoface, on email and through written correspondence. To maximise sales opportunities for the sales of private / full cost recovery. To respond to and follow up sales enquiries using appropriate methods to retain key accounts through the development of strong relationships with key decision makers and users within an organisation. To network within the client's organisation developing as wide a contact base as possible across different functions. To proactively work with internal departments to successfully negotiate and renew client commitment and ensure maximum client retention Data Management: To produce regular (monthly and ad hoc) data analysis reports, relevant to the role. Maintain accurate tracking systems as required within the department and ensure that all work meets internal and external funding, audit and inspection requirements. Adhere to all established systems within the department and implement any changes only as requested/authorised by management You MUST have the following skills / experience  Must be used to working in a sales and target driven environment Excellent experience of telesales/foot marketing and direct approach sales Excellent administration skills to facilitate the tracking of all approaches Use of a CRM or MIS system Excellent communication skills with all levels within an organisation Proven track record of converting leads and handling a database This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to join an established organisation with excellent career prospects and generous staff benefits. PLEASE APPLY NOW This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveBeauty_job****