Title: Candidate Resourcer  IT market
Webindex: 69601192
Company: Modis
Description: At Modis, we specialise in connecting IT professionals with some of the most dynamic IT Jobs and forwardthinking organisations in the world. And we make it simple. Our core focus is IT recruitment, placing our candidates in jobs that align with their career aspirations and goals. We work with our clients to help them shape their workforce based on their strategic objectives. Due to continued growth and increasing demand from our client base, a vacancy has arisen for a 'Candidate Resourer' to support our highly successful sales team of SAP Recruitment Consultants. In order to ensure that our candidate pool is as comprehensive as possible, we are looking to hire an accomplished Candidate Researcher to take the lead in mapping the market and identifying suitable candidates. Duties within the role will include:  Conducting research to identify potential candidates within the SAP market, Identifying innovative new methods for candidate generation, Proactively contacting top calibre candidates about specific job opportunities, Effectively selling current job opportunities to potential candidates, Drafting and posting job adverts. The ideal candidate will be of graduate calibre with some level of experience / exposure to the world of business. You will have a desire to secure a career within the recruitment industry and enjoy longevity within fast paced, rewarding role. Successful candidates will need to possess a high level of confidence, credibility, and excellent communication skills. The team work with large FTSE clients across the whole of commerce, on a contract basis within the Watford and wider Herts area. This is a fantastic opportunity to work alongside a team of highly accomplished / specialist IT consultants with a wealth of experience and knowledge to share. This is a results orientated role where you will be rewarded financially based on your performance. There is huge potential to take this role to the next level and develop a longterm career within the business This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CandidateResourcerITmarket_job****