Title: Direct Sales / Face to Face Consumer Field Sales
Webindex: 68806889
Company: Genesis Associates  Limited
Description: Face to Face Consumer Field Sales / Direct to Consumer Sales. Basic: ****K basic OTE: ****k OTE uncapped Benefits: Company car or car allowance, excellent benefits, all expenses and accommodation paid for, regular salary reviews and increases. I am looking to speak with proactive, confident and committed individuals who are looking to finally reap the rewards of consistently smashing targets. Unlike most business to consumer companies our client is renowned for looking after their staff and progressing the high flyers to their deserved level within the company. This requires a strong background in business to consumer sales so if you have only worked in business to business this isnt the role for you. Are you selfmotivated enough to approach consumers and grab attention fast? Prove how driven you really are and get in contact today. Experience: Suits targeted and proactive sales experience in a professional face to face sales environment such as recruitment, door to door, instore direct to consumer sales experience or any proactive sales environment where somebody has been used to targets and making things happen, rather than being reactive. May suit a graduate with a couple of years face to face sales or recruitment experience who is now seeking to progress their face to face sales career. Role:  Sales of employee benefits and income protection insurance on a face to face basis.  A direct sales role based at various locations across the UK selling direct to consumers and employees of large organisations.  Selling on both a one to one and group basis.  Working for a well recognised national organisation with long term career stability.  Must be willing to travel extensively with regular overnight stays.  Working a Monday to Friday week.  Suitable for direct to consumer sales professionals who are now seeking to progress their door to door or instore direct sales career and sales skills in to a more progressive and professional sales environment.  Must be smart in appearance with a corporate approach.  Must be extremely personable and able to develop immediate customer rapport.  Must be a high achiever with a proven track record of consistent and high sales performance along with a stable CV working history.  Suitable candidates will have sales experience working towards targets preferably in a commission weighted role.  Need to be confident, direct in nature and highly motivated. TO APPLY please quote LP**** and email your full CV details to lprestongenesisassociates.co.uk. All applications are strictly confidential and your details will not be shared with any organisation without your express permission and consent.