Title: Store Manager Designate  Oxford
Webindex: 72457574
Company: Assured Recruitment Solutions
Description: Store Manager Designate Oxford ****k Basic  Bonus  Benefits  OTE ****k plus We are looking for experienced Store Managers to join one of the leading brands in mobile phone retail to work as a Store Manager in one of their retail outlets. With over **** stores nationwide and ambitious growth plans in place, this is an exciting time to be joining a highly successful company and grow your career in autonomous, sales driven but customer orientated retail environment. This role is all about driving sales performance across your store whilst delivering customer satisfaction targets and sailing through mystery shop audits – a combination which can only be achieved through your inspirational leadership and management style. By engaging and motivating your team, you will closely manage their performance and provide them with the coaching and development that they need to excel in their role and achieve their targets and bonuses. Whilst this is a sales orientated role, our client is passionate about delighting their customers, so you will be charged with ensuring that each and every customer experience within your store is the best that it can be. To succeed in this role you will be an experienced and ambitious Store Manager with a strong track record in a fast paced sales driven environment. With highly developed customer orientation, you will be passionate about delivering a service that is above and beyond the norm, and you will be used to managing your team to the same exacting standards. A motivational leader and experienced manager , you will be used to coaching and developing your team to achieve targets – both sales and service related, and you will be used to engaging your staff and getting the best out of them. It goes without saying that you will have experience in stock management, merchandising and marketing to drive footfall into your store . Please note: This is a retail role and you must therefore be happy to work retail hours – including weekend and evening shifts when required. Please apply online and we will be in contact with you very shortly. For the purposes of this advertisement, Assured Recruitment Solutions is providing the services of a recruitment agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StoreManagerDesignateOxford_job****