Title: IT Sales and Marketing Researcher  Bristol
Webindex: 68545049
Company: Millar Cameron Limited
Description: IT Sales and Marketing Researcher, Campaign Manager and Account Manager Bristol OTE ********K Martrain is a B2B integrated marketing agency specialising in the technology sector (Software IT services  current clients SAP, VMware, IBM, SAS etc). We are growing steadily and are looking for someone who can:  Do the research/lead generation for our clients  Manage the Campaigns  Manage the Accounts/Clients Martrain offers specialist services in lead generation, sales intelligence, account profiling, email and direct marketing, copywriting, marketing consultancy and event management to major IT vendors. We are a small, friendly company based in Clifton, Bristol and can offer flexible working, home working, permanent and freelance contracts. To be successful you must have a proven track record in sales and marketing in the B2B IT sector and be comfortable making outbound research calls. You must work well within a team and be able to communicate professionally with clients. You should also be prepared to make client visits 2 3 times a month (most of our clients are along the M4 corridor). Some experience of digital marketing would also be of benefit. We are also interested in people with language skills  i.e. your mother tongue is not English. Languages of particular interest are French, German, Dutch, Swedish, Spanish, and Arabic. Your English would have to be very good however as you would be required to do telephone work using it as well. To apply go to our website URL removed and send your CV to the email address on the contact page. (If you don t understand what we do from our website we are probably not right for you). Additional Keywords: IT Sales and Marketing Executive, IT Sales and Marketing Market Researcher, IT Sales and Marketing, Account manager, campaign manager, IT, Sales, Marketing, IT Market Researcher, Market Researcher, Sales and Marketing Executive, IT Sales, Lead generation, account profiling, research, freelance, parttime, termtime, permanent, flexible working, home working. email and direct marketing, copywriting, marketing consultancy and event management, email marketing, direct marketing, copywriting, marketing consultancy, event management, delegate management, Languages, German, Dutch, Swedish, Spanish, and Arabic