Title: EMEA Business Development Manager
Webindex: 69188274
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: Working as a Business Development Manager within the Business Information space based in London, our client is a global provider of non ferrous and precious metal prices and impartial, independent breaking news and research.  Demonstrate an understanding of the markets that the company operates in and an in depth knowledge of the company`s products, who buys them and why  Confidence in approaching potential prospects and ability to demonstrate the company`s products effectively  Sell subscriptions and data feeds in line with the Sales Director`s direction and strategy  Meet with prospects, where necessary, to demonstrate our products.  Identify and report competitor activity and changes in market conditions to ensure the company is best placed You will have experience in selling information based services into the corporate sector and strong network of contacts within the corporate sector.  You will speak Italian and ideally have a 2nd language (French or Spanish)  Excellent sales and negotiation skills within a B2B context  Demonstrate strong drive and enthusiasm  Excellent communication and `people skills`, both verbally and in writing  Ability to work under pressure and with a strong eye for detail  Strong communication skills (verbal and written)  Sound office IT skills and familiarity with browsers and the internet Our client is a global provider of non ferrous and precious metal prices and impartial, independent breaking news and research. They have been established now for over 10 years. Basic up to ****  **** OTE (uncapped)  Benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/EMEABusinessDevelopmentManager_job****