Title: Media Sales Executive with German
Webindex: 68701187
Company: Language Matters
Description: Our client is a wellestablished company that specialises in media and publishing. They are looking for a German speaking Media Sales Executive to proactively sell from a VERY well known and established product range within online media and publishing throughout Europe and specifically Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The German speaking Media Sales Executive will need to develop relationships, contacts and clientbase at all levels across these territories. The German speaking Media Sales Executive will also need to create sales opportunities and close all the while liaising on a daytoday basis with their international clients and provide excellent customer service ensuring the company's revered status within the specified market place. Profile Fluent in German and English is essential, written and spoken Previous sales experience within advertising and/or media sales is a must Sales/Business development and a proven track record in German speaking territories Thorough knowledge in online/print publishing and media Good understanding of digital advertising Excellent communication skills Proactive and Results oriented Able to multitask and learn fast Capable of performing under pressure and delivering to stringent deadlines Customer Service focused, professional, dynamic and enthusiastic Good IT Skills NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. To apply, please send your CV in word format to Ricardo de Abreu We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MediaSalesExecutivewithGerman_job****