Title: New Business Internal Sales
Webindex: 55415104
Company: JOBG8
Description: New Business Internal Sales ****  **** Dependant on Experience  Bonuses. Location Southampton The Company My Client have been providing ****x****x**** managed services solutions for over 20 years. They have just been awarded Managed Service Provider of the Year for Europe. With over **** staff based in several locations across the UK, with the head office in Southampton, addressing the Healthcare, Government and Midtier corporate sectors, they are looking for a Bid and Supplier Relations Executive to join the growing team. Job Description My Client is seeking a candidate to work with our New Business Development team to help generate leads and meetings for the senior and external sales force. You will carry out database building, cleansing and management tasks, cold calling, appointment making and gathering attendees for events. There will be the opportunity to grow within the team to a Junior Sales/Account Manager, eventually possibly leading to a full time external Sales Executive. The role includes collation, cleansing, and researching companies within our current databases and expanding these in line with our marketing plan. You will be coldcalling prospective customers to establish relations and invite them to events. Your role is an intrinsic part of the sales team and you will be acting as a brand ambassador for the company. There will be other administrative duties within the role which will require a high level of attention to detail and the ability to meet tight deadlines. To be successful in this role, you must have no fear of picking up the phone and having a conversation with someone you don't know. Therefore, you need excellent verbal communication skills and the ability to be able to build a rapport very quickly on the telephone. You must be confident, articulate and proven to be able to sustain relationships with customers. There will be other administrative duties within the role which will require a high level of attention to detail and the ability to meet tight deadlines. Measurable Factors: An enthusiastic communicator Able to build relationships with people very quickly via email and telephone communications Able to note key things about people that get them talking Extremely consultative and intelligent in your sales approach Highly organised Capable of handling multiple tasks simultaneously and meeting deadlines Pragmatic and commercially alert  effective at identifying and assessing opportunities and risks Passionate about current and future technologies Able to represent the Company to optimise any situation This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, SaaS, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunication