Title: Technical Sales Manager  Agricultural Buildings
Webindex: 69000250
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: Technical Sales Manager  Agricultural Buildings Ref: **** Location: West Midlands/North Midlands/East Midlands THE ROLE: We are working exclusively with our client to assist in the appointment of Technical Sales Manager. The role will involve selling a range of agricultural and livestock buildings. This role will require someone of a technical background who has a solid background in selling agricultural buildings to farmers across a UK wide network. This role will require a previous background in sales, new business and account management. To apply it is essential that you have a prior background in selling agricultural buildings and are able to work on your own initiative. This role will report directly to the Sales Director but will enjoy a degree of autonomy where you are fully responsible for hitting all your targets and managing your own time. THE COMPANY: Our client is a market leader in the manufacture of agricultural buildings, with a strong reputation within this specialist sector and is part of a larger group within the design, manufacture and supply of agricultural buildings. This dynamic company is experiencing a period of continued growth and now has an additional position on their sales team to offer a successful candidate, with superb longterm career progression opportunities. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Proven successful track record in a recent business to business sales position Located within easy commute to the Central UK area Previous background in selling projects up to a value of ****k Experienced in agricultural sales ideally combining technical and construction Approachable personality with a cando attitude Reliable and hardworking Enthusiastic and conscientious Excellent rapport building skills Superb relationship builder Tenacious Superb communication skills THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: ****  **** basic (dependent upon experience). Commission: Excellent anticipated 1st year OTE Uncapped Please email your CV We thank all applicants who respond, but please be advised that only those short listed for interview will be contacted Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career