Title: AV Business Development Manager  Education
Webindex: 71184262
Company: AV Jobs
Description: The Opportunity Our client is a well respected AV Systems integrator selling across the UK to public and private sector. They have plans for significant growth over the next few years and part of that growth will come from the Education sector. To strengthen their team in this sector they now require an experienced Business Development Manager based in the South. Roles and Responsibilities  The Area is extensive and covers SE to SW up to Milton Keynes and Oxford and across to Cambridge and Gloucester.  BDM will be expected to concentrate on winning new business and managing existing accounts based in the Southern area. Anticipated split will be 75% New, 25% Existing.  This is a field sales role so you will be home based with travel throughout the sales territory and possible nights away as required.  The opportunity exists to grow this role into a sales management role as and when the business grows to allow additional sales people to join the southern area.  Technical presales support will be provided by the Projects team to ensure that Tenders, RFP's and quotations are technically validated and fit for purpose.  Sales support and mentoring will be provided by the Sales Director who will be actively engaged with major accounts and large opportunities to ensure peer to peer contact and board level support where required. Yours skills, qualities and achievements  A background of dealing at CLevel/Head of Department is required with associated presentation and account management skills.  An understanding and detailed knowledge of audiovisual technologies would be preferred, with particular emphasis on interactive technologies, video conferencing, digital signage, projection systems and IT integration.  The successful candidate must be fully selfmotivated with a strong desire to succeed, performance will be monitored against a set of business KPI's including minimum call rates and forward pipeline sales value as well as order intake and invoiced out sales.  A full driving licence is required and preferably clean. The Organisation Our client is a well established Audio Visual company who sell to both public and private sector clients. They offer an excellent range of products, services and solutions and have excellent relationships with vendors and distributors as well as their well established client base. The Recruiters AV Jobs are specialists in providing a first class recruitment service for professional sales and marketing people, engineers and programmers throughout the UK and EMEA. Our markets include Audio Visual, Technology, Telecoms and Office Equipment. We have an established reputation  with clients and candidates alike  for keeping things simple, straightforward and uncomplicated This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AVBusinessDevelopmentManagerEducation_job****