Title: Sales Distributor Part Time
Webindex: 71199364
Company: Vivico Recruitment Ltd
Description: Are you looking for a way to make money now and develop a full time income over the next 3**** years? Do you like to help people? Do you have 5 hours or more a week to spare and have access to a car, laptop and phone? We are currently recruiting Part Time Sales Agents in Northampton, Rushden, Raunds, Wellingborough, Kettering, Thrapston, Kimbolton, Huntingdon, Oundle, Bedford, Peterborough and other Northants, Cambs, Beds and Bucks areas to refer the UK`s cheapest and best utilities and telecoms services to domestic and business to business markets. Our client provides the cheapest and best of all deregulated UK telecoms and utility services, winning multiple awards year on year from the highly reputed consumer magazine `Which` and The London Stock Exchange for best products, services and pricing. Our client also partners with the majority of the high street including Sainsburys, B Q, Argos, Boots, Halfords, Debenhams and more where they offer cashback and discounts to their customers. This is a quick and easy service to promote to anyone People and businesses all over the country are already using gas, electric, landline telephones, mobile phones and broadband, buying food, petrol, clothes etc from a variety of providers. You can help them save hundreds of pounds and they don`t need to do anything to switch and make guaranteed savings. To be a successful Sales Agent, no experience is necessary and full training will be provided, together with field based support and mentoring to ensure you successfully start your own business. Sales Distributors will:  Have good communication skills to build relationships  Be motivated and dedicated to providing 5 hours per week  Be happy to visit homeowners and business owners  Like helping people to save money  Be keen to build an income year on year without affecting your day job or profession  Have access to a car, laptop and telephone Successful Sales Distributors will receive:  Free (ongoing) Independent Sales Distributor training regarding the products, services and required activity  Receive free promotional material and training information  Customer gathering bonuses and prospects of promotion to Team Leader within 3 months I this sounds like you and you are interested in receiving a data pack, then please forward your application for this exciting opportunity and our client will be in touch regarding the opportunity.