Title: Store Manager  London
Webindex: 69994699
Company: Pzazz
Description: My client is one of the UK's fastest growing brands, offering customers contemporary, exclusive inhouse designed furniture and a growing range of stunning home accessories. Their aim is to inspire customers whilst delivering outstanding customer service. They now have an exciting opportunity for a talented store manager who thrives in a sales driven environment and wants to work for a truly exciting company As Store Manager, some of your duties will include:  Taking full responsibility for the effective running of a large store  Ensuring that the highest possible levels of customer service are offered to every customer  Recruiting, developing and motivating an impressive team  Driving the business forward and ensuring that KPIs and targets are exceeded  Maintaining the ‘look and feel’ of the store at all times The successful candidate will already be working as a Store Manager within high end retail in a customerfocused environment. The successful candidate will be:  An experienced store manager with a hands on approach  Highly commercially aware  A dynamic and charismatic leader  Fully committed to offering the best possible customer experience to a highly discerning clientele  Used to delivering against KPIs  A great relationship builder  Confident in dealing with a turnover in excess of 4 million  A skilled peoplemanager and influencer, able to lead, inspire and develop your team  Enthusiastic, positive and energetic with a passion for high end products  Well presented with fantastic interpersonal skills  Numerate with good PC skills In return, you will receive a very competitive salary, with a generous commission scheme and genuine career prospects. In order to make an application to this exciting opportunity please forward your CV to Emma Robbins at Pzazz Retail via emmapzazzretail.com or call her on **** **** **** P zazz Retail is acting as an employment agency in regard to this vacancy. We specialise in finding great jobs for great people; our consultants handle a wide range of retail roles. If you’re looking for a fresh approach to retail recruitment, please contact us now. We regret that due to current volumes, we are unable to acknowledge every application. All successful candidates will be contacted as soon as possible. If you are contacted, please note that, as part of the registration process, you will be required to provide us with proof of identity and proof of eligibility to work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StoreManagerLondon_job****