Title: Sales and Marketing Manager  EMEA
Webindex: 70028983
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: Working in partnership with one of the worlds largest FMCG companies. Leading the sales and marketing operation in the central and eastern region of KSA. You will be taking overall responsibility for the growth and development of this highly profitable market for a leading FMCG brand portfolio, with a **** figure UK Sterling turnover. The role involves;  The main point of contact in the sales and marketing division between the company (distributor) and its key supplier / manufacturer.  The key purpose of the role entails delivering the business plan and liaising with the sales and marketing functions to ensure this is delivered effectively through their teams.  You will have ownership of the brands strategy, pricing and promotional programs, and will ensu  A blue chip FMCG background with a proven track record of success leading and developing sales and marketing teams in the UK market  Previous experience of the Middle East, ideally Saudi Arabia an advantage.  Some knowledge of Arabic would be helpful though not essential.  A proven leader, that can demonstrate dynamic career progression through sales and marketing roles (including brand management, product management,key account, trade and category, and field force management) with a `hands on` leadership style and approach.  Proven success of working with a range of different nationalities is important, combined with exceptional influencing skills up to Board level.  Success of leading Our client has an impressive portfolio of truly global FMCG bands in several of the key categories they operate in with a strong reputation as a market leader in their space. They offer excellent remuneration and benefits and a rare opportunity to take a truly global career path within the EMEA region. ****  **** Basic Tax Free Fully furnished luxury villa provided and rent paid for by the company Return flights back to the UK each year Car / Car Allowance Healthcare End of service payment Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you withi Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesandMarketingManagerEMEA_job****