Title: Media Planner/Buyer Digital
Webindex: 71171357
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Media Planner/Buyer Digital ****  ****  Comm Our client is a leading global digital marketing agency, is currently looking to recruit a Media Planner/Buyer to join their vibrant London based team. As Media Planner/Buyer, you will be responsible for working across a vast portfolio and digital channels including display media/email/tactical and branding marketing/viral campaigns/affiliate marketing/search marketing/social media and strategic consulting. With an assertive and confident attitude, you will ensure campaign objectives are met with client briefs and budget. As an enthusiastic and driven individual you will have strong communication and presentation skills, building relationships with teams and clients. Business orientated and stratically focused you will assist the account and creative teams, develop media plans, cultivate creative concepts, work with third party ad serving tools to traffic the campaign for launch and deliver solutions. You will be an excellent organisor and oversee campaigns, post campaign case study analysis, monitor live camaigns to identify any issues and optimisation steps as well as providing progress reports. As an international organiastion there is potential to travel and therefore a second european language (German/Italian) is essential. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of an exciting media company, offering great benefits. If you are passionate and ambitious, looking for a challenging career in the media industry apply now Key Responsibilities of the Media Planner/Buyer include: . Ensure defined camapaign obectives are met in accordance with client briefs and campaign budget . Develop media plans providing strategic thinking behind ad palcemnts, rates and response projections of the campaign . Work with account and creative teams ensuring all development of creative concepts are correct respect to the media plan . Negotiate and buy media as per the media plan . Work with third party ad serving tools to traffic the campaign launch . Monitor live camaigns identify issues and optimisation steps . Adminstation including preparing and collecting insertion orders for all media buy . Develop and maintain relationships with sales representatives and clients Qualities we're looking for in the Media Planner/Buyer include: . Previous experience digital media planning (new media/online advertising) preferred . Knowledge in Digital Marketing/Online industry . Strong knowledge in managing creative projects (display advertsing microsites etc) . A thorough understanding of online media and the market . A proven track record of selling online solutions and meeting targets . Fluent in German/Italian . Travel industry background (not essential) . Educated to a degree level . Good knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . Strong presentation and negotiation skills . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focussed . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/MediaPlannerBuyerDigital_job****