Title: BDM, ESP **** Communications, London
Webindex: 69188295
Company: Enterprise Sales Personnel
Description: An innovative and growing communications solution provider based in the South East are looking for an ambitious Sales Person to join their expanding business. Their portfolio of cloud based communications solutions is quite unique and has received strong Government funding for its development. They are looking for a Senior Sales Person to come on board and sell their new solutions into medium to large size, enterprise sector clients across the South of England. This is an excellent opportunity to become involved in selling cloud based solutions, which is an ever growing and evolving market and also to position yourself as part of a wellestablished yet ambitious company with unparalleled growth plans for the future. Key skills required for this role include: Experience of selling technology based solutions Ability to demonstrate a strong track record of target achievement. Sold to a senior level within the Public and/or Private Sectors. A focussed and dynamic attitude to sales. Being able to show experience of growing and developing existing accounts and winning new customers. Please only apply for this role if you have the minimum experience required in the specific field advertised as without this we unfortunately will be unable to consider your application. About Enterprise Sales Personnel Enterprise Sales Personnel is a niche recruitment business operating in the UK marketplace. We recruit for a wide range of bluechip smaller high profile companies whose business is in providing Professional Services, Management Consultancy, Systems Integration and IT Hardware Software. We will treat you with courtesy and dignity and totally respect your need for confidentiality and our Consultants will take time to properly understand your aspirations and your skills Keywords: New Business, Service Management, Virtualisation, Systems Management, Applications, Security, Business Intelligence, Account Director, Account Manager, Business Manager, IT, Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Manager, BDM, BDC, Applications, Business Development Consultant, IT, Complex Solutions, Solution Sales, Cloud Technology, Enterprise Sales, Operating Systems, IT Services, Public Sector, Private Sector, IT Consultancy, New Business into Established Accounts This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/BDMESP****CommunicationsLondon_job****