Title: Area Sales Manager  Southern Territory
Webindex: 68098118
Company: elevation sales
Description: Elevation Sales Marketing are currently recruiting for an Area Sales Manager in the South East/ South West Region. My client is a leading manufacturing firm. The successful candidate will be responsible for account managing key clients whilst maximising new business opportunities. At times you may handle large volumes of accounts (c3million territory) so you must have the ability to prioritise key clients. Working within a niche sector, you will provide full account management for all of your clients, liaising with internal departments where necessary to handle any queries in the first instance. You will be responsible for working with your customers to manage forecasting, promotional activity and growth opportunities. Analytical skills are an important part of this role as you will be expected to identify trends, analyse operational, sales and market data to spot any issues or business opportunities. Elevation Sales Marketing would be keen to speak with candidates with the following skills and experiences:  Solid and proven track record within business to business sales  Experience of selling into the retail sector, ideally independent convenience stores, farm shops, garden centres and local/regional retail outlets  Experience of working in a fast paced environment with the ability to react quickly to demands from clients  Experience of using Microsoft Excel as a reporting tool on a weekly basis  Degree calibre  Due to the size of the territory candidates may be required to stay away from home 12 days per week  Territory will cover the South of England. Good pool of clients in the South East Elevation Sales Marketing is a specialist division of Elevation Recruitment focusing on mid to senior level positions in Yorkshire and surrounding regions. If you match the specified criteria and are interested in discussing the position in more detail, we would love to hear from you. Please visit our website at www.elevationrecruitment.com for more information on:  Sales Jobs or Sales Recruitment  Marketing Jobs or Marketing Recruitment This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaSalesManagerSouthernTerritory_job****