Title: Lettings / Office Manager
Webindex: 68071516
Company: Adecco Group
Description: We are looking for an experienced Lettings / Office Manager to take up a newly required full time post with a local lettings company in Ashford, Kent. The successful candidate will be able to manage the day to day operations of an independent lettings agency with experience in managing all types of situations that may arise. Due to the nature and requirements of the industry  ONLY applicants with previous experience in letting or lettings management can be considered. The selected candidate will need to be able to not only monitor the activities of the negotiators, ensuring they are working to agreed strategies to secure new business but also be able to keep an eye on the market in general as well as the competition. You would oversee all office management requirements as well as being extremely PC literate, ideally with an understanding and knowledge of software programs that would include MS Office. As an operational Office Manager, sales and collections would be of the highest priority and the selected candidate would need to ensure they were able to manage and monitor tenant repayments as well and overseeing relisted properties, dealing with landlords as well as other office staff, applications and references of tenants, ordering stock inventories, statutory certifications for properties (if required), effective management of property maintenance an understanding of legal implications surrounding the industry. As an individual you will have fantastic organisational skills, be approachable and presentable at all times, have excellent time management skills, a strong work ethic and able to organise and motivate a team. Hours of business are 9am6pm Monday to Friday with a 10am4pm shift on Saturdays. The salary for this role is negotiable depending on experience. Adecco is acting as a recruitment agency for this role and is an equal opportunities employer. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LettingsOfficeManager_job****