Title: Freelance Regional Lettings Manager
Webindex: 66545997
Company: Paragon Property & Legal Consultants Ltd
Description: This is an opportunity for Entrepreneurs and sales professionals to become a part of one of the UK’s fastest growing National Estate Agents . Join the existi ng team of circa **** Regional Managers across the UK. Build your Estate Agency for your region working from home and out in the field, with all secretarial and administration work handled by your dedicated support team, hence eliminating the set up and running costs of setting up your own business and premises. Financial commitment required  you may be asked to provide a manager’s account set up administration fee if you are successful in your application. You are advised to seek independent financial advice; this is a s elf employed vacancy. Previous property sales or lettings experience e ssential. You will be building your own business. You will build up repeat monthly earnings from your ever increasing property portfolio. Full support and administration is provided. This is not a franchise opportunity. The company has given an assurance that this vacancy enables workers to achieve a wage equivalent to the National Minimum Wage rate. Selfemployed people are responsible for paying their own National Insurance contributions and Tax. For information on how benefits are affected and whether entitlement may be lost, speak to a Jobcentre Plus. Please see expanded job description below. Description: Job Purpose: Sales and Lettings of property by matching buyers and sellers / Landlords and Tenants. Duties:  Develops property listings by building rapport and reaching out to potential sellers/Landlords; meeting potential sellers/Landlords in community activities.  Lists property by examining property; recommending improvements that will enhance saleability/Rentability; coordinating with appraisers to set a selling price; closing a contract. To Attend property appraisals as arranged by Head office.  Closes sales by understanding buyer’s / tenant’s requirements; matching requirements to listings; showing properties; demonstrating benefits; relaying offers; suggesting alterations; writing a contract.  Updates job knowledge by studying listings; visiting properties; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional and community organisations.  Accomplishes brokerage mission by completing related results as needed. Skills/Qualifications: Understanding the Customer, Prospecting Skills, People Skills, Problem Solving, Motivation for Sales, Territory Management, Legal Compliance, Independence, Professionalism, Meeting Sales Goals, Negotiation