Title: Business Development Manager POS
Webindex: 69592154
Company: Consult It All Ltd
Description: Job title: Business Development Manager Remuneration: **** pa, company bonus scheme, company pension scheme, healthcare, mobile phone and laptop computer. Location: London and surrounding areas . The Company o Our client is a part of an independent group of corrugated sheet plants. o The company prides itself on a high quality level of service combined with exceptional customer care and an uptodate technical infrastructure. An excellent opportunity has arisen for an outstanding Business Development Manager for our client’s point of sale division. Main responsibilities include: o Deliver profitable growth in the Point of Sale market: 3D corrugated displays (flatpacked, preassembled, copacked or bulk packed for clients to pack) is the core market. Campaign management for smaller retail groups will be considered o The target is win 11.5m of new business in the first 12 months o Contribute to the strategic direction of the business. The Person: The key experience and knowledge requirements for the role: o A minimum of 23 years’ experience of selling Point of Sale to retailers and their suppliers . o A firm grasp of the professional sales process in a packaging environment is essential. o A proven track record of developing and winning significant new POS business in a retail environment. o Polished, diplomatic and resultsoriented. o Possessed of common sense. The key personal behaviours and attitudes required for the role are: o Selfmotivated and utterly reliable. o Customer focused with an entrepreneurial core. o A teamplayer with a passion. o Strong influencing / negotiating skills. o Good organisational skills and attention to detail. o Good communication skills. Candidates without the above experience need not apply as our client will only consider candidates who can demonstrate a strong career within the corrugated / packaging industry. Why You Should Apply: o Of course the package seeks to attract the very best sales people. o In addition, you would be joining a strong and proven team that are going places…an excellent business that is part of a packaging group. o Hence, this is a great place to build the next stage of your career. For further details, please contact Nav Cheema with your CV on nav.cheemaknowitall.co.uk Consult It All is acting as an employment agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerPOS_job****