Title: Lighting Sales Engineers
Webindex: 67948322
Company: Miller Mckenzie 
Description: Our clients provide luminaire and lighting solutions for both business and the public sector. Years of experience allows our clients to provide expert advice, the technical ability and the drive for economic viability of all projects undertaken. From initial designs created by their inhouse design team, to product innovation and skilled installation team, our clients offer their customers a fully integrated luminaire and lighting solution. With more than 20 years experience as one of the leading commercial lighting manufacturers in the UK, our clients provides an extensive catalogue of some of the latest and most innovative industrial lighting solutions. Their products are used by businesses, public sector organisations, and numerous buildings to provide a combination of lighting, aesthetics, and safety conscious lighting. They specialise in the production of energy efficient lighting as well as industrial and hazardous area lighting along with energy efficient LED lighting solutions. The success of our clients has been the result of a simple philosophy; To this end they have identified and implemented three key areas of investment: Lighting design Their qualified and highly experienced staff have a proven track record in lighting design and work to the requirements adapted from the CIBSE (Chartered Institution of Building Services Engineers) Code for Interior and Exterior Lighting. The same level of expertise is applied whether designing a single room or an international conference centre. Product Development Lighting design has two constraints, the physicality of the environment and the capability of the products. Whilst nothing can be done about the former their in house product development team can ensure that whatever innovative luminaire configuration is designed the final product is delivered on time and on budget. Quality Control For our clients quality is not an option, it is a necessity. All aspects of quality control are monitored to a standard that they believe exceeds the requirements of their ISO9001 qualification. We are working with them to recruit a Lighting Sales Engineer, in order to be successful in this role you will need to have the following. . . . Good knowledge of luminaire and lighting solutions within industrial/commercial market Technical knowledge of luminaire and or lighting solutions Ability to create design layouts would be an advantage Proven track record Project management skills Accuracy, attention to detail Good customer service skills, ability to build rapport at all levels Self motivated, driven Good time management skills Tenacity Ability to sell competitive advantage