Title: Graduate Management Trainee great opportunity  Wolverhampton
Webindex: 69000064
Company: Bridgewater Resources UK
Description: Bridgewater Resources UK is recruiting for a large group of marketleading businesses supplying a wide range of electrical equipment to business and trade customers. The Wolverhampton office requires a Graduate Management Sales Trainee to join their vibrant and friendly team. This is an outstanding opportunity to gain handson experience in a wide range of business areas and prepare for a management role within the group. The company offers initial products and skills training in various fields of business, including sales, purchasing, administration, logistics and accounts. This will involve answering calls from customers, taking orders, providing technical information or resolving queries, responding to incoming faxes and emails, and making proactive outbound calls to existing customers. You will also liaise with suppliers and prepare quotations. After 12 months there will be an opportunity to progress to an external sales role and you will be going on customers visits. All this experience should prepare you for a management role in the future. We are looking for ambitious university graduates with relevant degrees who want a career in a customerfocused sales environment and who have the drive and determination to succeed in this role. Many of the current management team joined the business as trainees. The candidates will be wellpresented, motivated, confident and enthusiastic quick learners with good administration and telephone manners. Some commercial and/or sales experience is required. There are excellent opportunities for career progression within the company and the group. The starting salary is **** **** per annum depending on experience. This will be supplemented by annual profit share linked to the performance of the branch and optional membership of the company pension scheme. If you think you have the right experience and personality to fulfil this role, apply to Bridgewater Resources UK with your CV and a covering letter