Title: Property Sales Consultant / Senior Sales Negotiator
Webindex: 69192326
Description: A highly successful, progressive and forward thinking company are undertaking massive expansion over the next 18 months. In an industry dominated by poor performance, over promising and under achieving they are breaking the mould and offering an innovative, speedier solution to the traditional Estate Agency approach. They are already successfully selling over **** properties a month across the UK. As a Property Sales Executive you will be solely responsible for managing your own portfolio of properties across the UK with a full spectrum of property values. You will be commercially aware, astute at negotiating offers and fully abreast of the property market across the UK. Their most successful sales executives are selling a house a day on average. Effectively running a business within the business, you will strive for success and are truly in charge of your own commissions. The harder you work your portfolio the more money you can earn. Responsibilities will include;  Effective questioning of all buyers to confirm they are proceedable buyers  Arranging viewings at mutually convenient times for vendors and prospective buyers  Chasing all viewings the day following the viewing taking place and obtain detailed and relevant feedback  Obtain and intelligently negotiate all offers using comparable evidence, onward negotiating, refinancing existing property etc  Cross selling of financial services and preferred conveyancing companies  Compilation of data for memorandum of sale  Intelligently reducing marketing price when necessary  Working to strict deadlines whilst maintaining the standards expected by the company  Working to both team and individual targets  To inspire trust and confidence in clients and buyers  Pass nonproceedable buyers to valuation department  Assist Team Leaders and Sales Managers where necessary Successful applicants should have experience of negotiating property sales within the estate agency industry. They are looking to more than double in size during 2012/**** As they only promote from within based on merit and potential, management roles are easily in reach for those hungry to progress. Can you afford to miss out on the revolution? APPLY NOW They would consider candidates with experience as; a lettings negotiator, lettings manager, sales negotiator, estate agent, senior sales negotiator, branch manager, marketing advisor, property valuer, surveyor, property consultant, property sales executive, business transfer agent, commercial estate agent, lister, property auction sales or any property related field.