Title: Trainee Recruitment Consultant or Experienced Consultant
Webindex: 72444456
Company: Your Hired
Description: Starting out in Recruitment can be tough. It can be a demanding and highpressured job at times, but with the right training and support it can be very rewarding with rapid career progression and excellent earning potential Our client, Radius Recruitment is in the process of expanding its Tunbridge Wells office. We are interested in hearing from focussed and driven raduates or experienced Sales professionals who are considering a career in recruitment. We offer an individual training programme tailored to take you from new recruit to high achieving consultant as rapidly as possible, whilst offering continuous support and guidance throughout your journey. Working under our topbilling consultants, you will benefit from their direct support and training on a daily basis, whilst also developing your skills via our comprehensive Induction and Training Program to leave you fully prepared for when you take on your own recruitment desk. Having refined our training process over many years we have found this is the best way to build your knowledge and confidence  many of our most successful consultants started via this process. The role will cover all aspects of the recruitment process from qualifying candidates, writing job adverts and identifying new business opportunities to eventually meeting and liaising with clients. In general you will spend approximately 6 months learning the ropes in a hands on capacity before you will graduate to become a fullyfledged consultant running your own desk in a buoyant market that we will identify together. This role would best suit someone confident in creating and maintaining both face to face and telephone based relationships. It requires commitment and dedication, computer literacy, strong oral and written communications skills, good organisational skills, selfmotivation and a competitive streak. Radius provides a competitive base salary (****K****K) generous commission scheme and uncapped earning potential. If you want to be part of a fast paced, professional sales environment where every day is different and you are either of graduate calibre or have proven sales ability, please send your CV today for full details and immediate consideration. Radius are a leading recruitment agency who specialise in providing staffing solutions to the ever growing Technical / IT sector in the UK Europe. No need to have IT/Technical understanding but any interest in this area will be advantageous. For more info please email CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeRecruitmentConsultantorExperiencedConsultant_job****