Title: Renewals / Sales Executive  French Speaker
Webindex: 68063456
Company: Davanti Solutions
Description: Job Title: Renewals Executive Location: Reading, Berkshire Salary: ****  **** commission The Role To be proactively involved in support and renewals activities and initiatives in order to assist the goals and objectives of the Team. Key Responsibilities To focus predominantly on the International market customer base including BENELUX, Middle East, Eastern Europe and South Africa, but also to support the overflow of the DACH market customer base. Run reports from SFDC on renewals and support.Send quotes and information to the relevant resellers/distributors and monitor progress of reports through to order or close enquiry as nonrenewal. Quote for renewal of support and negotiate on pricing with channel Interact and liaise with the customer directly as well as channel to build relations and action renewals via channel fulfillment. Deal with notifications from the support section where a customer with expired support has been refused support.Coordinate the renewal through the channel. Maintain accurate contact information in SFDC. Provide information to the channel with regards to customer and service information, if appropriate. Validate special pricing on orders received for renewal. Provide guidance for the channel and end users in the documentation required for renewal Ensure EMEA Customer Renewals Team Leader is aware of any renewal issues. Assist in the preparation of quotes that include support renewal. Ensure the channel receive details of the renewals and any other relevant information. Deal with customers who are experiencing problems with their current reseller or distributor with regard to support – offer guidance to resolve their issue and involve the account manager for the reseller or distributor where appropriate. Be willing and flexible to become involved in ‘reactive’ projects i.e. telesales to target expired support renewals on specific products when new versions are released. Upsell the existing support level. Answer team phone calls within four rings Customer retention is a key goal Skills Profile  Strong negotiation skills  Able to work in a fast paced sales environment  Comfortable with change  Good understanding of the support and renewals process  PC literate including fast/accurate keyboard skills.  Excellent telephone manner  Team Player  Able to build and maintain strong customer relationships  Understanding of the IT market and internet security business preferred  Understanding of a Direct Channel route to market  Fluent French and English speaking Personal Skills  Selfmotivated  Innovative  Able to ‘spot an opportunity’  Numerate  Persistent/Tenacious  Achievementoriented  Attention to detail  Customer retention orientated This is a fantastic career opportunity for a Renewals / Sales Executive to join a leading software solutions company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RenewalsSalesExecutiveFrenchSpeaker_job****