Title: Field Sales Consultant / Field Sales Executive
Webindex: 71678088
Company: Wurth
Description: Wrth UK Ltd is a rapidly expanding subsidiary of the Wrth Group, a significant Multinational Company, selling industrial consumables and fastening products to a wide range of automotive, metal, wood and construction trades. We love sales and striving constantly to inspire our customers. We have gained a reputation as a market leader in our field created through excellent customer service and a high quality range of products. With significant plans for future growth we are looking to recruit the following: Field Sales Consultant / Field Sales Executive  Automotive and Associated Trades We offer extensive training and exciting incentives in an environment that rewards performance. Salaries are strongly performance based, and, the greater the achievement, the higher the earning potential. Ultimately, within this role you will be responsible for sales growth and target achievement in your own field sales territory. Successful candidates are expected to possess the drive, enthusiasm and desire to break into a professional field sales environment. The aim is to develop your territory through a combination of new business and existing customer management It would be advantageous to have previous field sales or relevant trade experience  maybe as a sales consultant, field sales representative, showroom consultant, telesales executive, sales executive, business development executive or similar You should be able to display great people skills, a strong and honest work ethic and the drive and motivation to thrive in a tough and demanding sales environment This is a challenging, hands on role in which your dedication and hard work will determine your success Underpinning all of this is a first class training and support programme dedicated to helping you achieve your sales objectives Suitable candidates can also expect excellent career development opportunities beyond this role in a progressive and forward thinking company. Interested in joining a company like Wurth? Please click the 'apply for this job' button below. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesConsultantFieldSalesExecutive_job****