Title: Recruitment Consultant  International  Oil & Gas
Webindex: 71168340
Company: Randstad CPE
Description: We are now seeking an Experienced Technical Recruitment Consultant to join our international division, to develop our Oil and Gas desk. The role This role, based in our offices in Whiteley, will involve handling recruitment assignments from the UK for various clients based around the world. Joining a fun, friendly and ambitious team, you will benefit from a very warm desk, presenting the opportunity to generate immediate revenue, as well as many more potential clients to build relationships with. The successful individual will be responsible for achieving targets, business to business sales, new business development and revenue generation. This interesting role will require solid commitment and the financial rewards that will result are unrivalled in our sector. This is a fantastic opportunity to work within a successful organisation that rewards each individual on their own merits. Excellent opportunities for future career progression are also available for the successful individual. For this exciting opportunity, candidates will need to possess a full UK driving licence. The company Randstad Construction, Property Engineering is a Sunday Times Top 100 Company to work for 2012, and is part of the Randstad group, one of the leading recruitment HR services providers in the world with a top five position in the UK and a top three position in fifteen countries including the US, France and Germany. As the market leader in Construction Recruitment we are constantly striving to be the best and most innovative recruitment solutions provider in our market and we pride ourselves in our ability to offer our employee's the opportunity to develop their careers in the direction they wish to follow. Randstad CPE is a well established, high profile brand, with a high performance culture, supported with advanced back office support and systems that only a market leader can provide. Rewards include: A substantial package, including company car/ car allowance Uncapped commission Quarterly Bonus Industry led training including: Induction, Sales Academy, Desk Coaching and ongoing training and development throughout your career. Birthday Leave Annual Awards Gala Dinner Commission Awards for High Achievers Contributory pension scheme Discounted Gym Membership, Cycle Scheme, Vodafone Employee Advantage Scheme, EFlorist Discounts Childcare Voucher Scheme Opportunity to purchase company shares Randstad CPE is an Equal Opportunities employer and is committed to providing all employees with a working environment that is free from discrimination, intimidation and harassment. We value diversity and actively promote equal opportunities to all so that employees are treated equally, with dignity and respect. Further, the company will monitor the composition of the workforce and may introduce positive action should it appear that this policy is not fully effective. We welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantInternationalOilGas_job****