Title: Employer Relations Advisor / Wigan
Webindex: 72447132
Company: Wise People
Description: My Client is looking to recruit an Employer Relations Advisor to work in their Wigan office. From a sales, commercial recruitment or similar Employer Engagement Adviser background you will be a professional, highly motivated achiever with the skill and ability to proactively identify and engage with employers to secure vacancies for the Welfare to Work Team. You must be capable of Business to Business Sales, mobile, target driven and with excellent telephone and face to face communication skills. You will need to be a good negotiator and have the ability to identify seasonal changes in the labour market. Develop and maintain relationships with local and national employers Manage employer expectations by providing a professional efficient service Ability to manage a large caseload of employers A proven knowledge of sales and recruitment technics essential Good knowledge of the local labour market Ability to work under pressure and hit targets Work with the centre manager to achieve KPI’s Cold calling employers The Wigan centre assists people on the Work Programme back into work. You will need to be able to identify the suitable candidates from the centres case load in order to fill the vacancies you bring in. You will have the ability to screen candidates and give suitable feedback to advisor's in order to assist in their journey back into work. The ability to manage vacancies effectively and quickly is required for this role. Within the Welfare to Work sector sustainable jobs are crucial for the centre to hit and maintain their targets across the contract. This role requires you to have a clean driving licence and willing to use own vehicle. Subject to an Enhanced CRB check. WISEpeople is a Resourcing provider, working on behalf of a Client. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. If you do not hear from us within 4 weeks your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmployerRelationsAdvisorWigan_job****