Title: SALES  NEW BUSINESS
Webindex: 69221374
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: SALES  NEW BUSINESS SPECIALIST ? ****  **** PLUS COMMISSION/BONUS ? HIGH WYCOMBE The company provides technology solutions to manage mobile workforces and track the movement of goods. The company has been operating for over 10 years, with implementations worldwide processing several hundred thousand transactions each day. The company?s core values of honesty, openness and loyalty, have delivered impressive organic growth and high levels of client retention. The company has developed a new solution to track mobile workers, enabling a paperless, minimal admin system that saves both time and money The software is currently meeting with great success in the security and care markets. A sales specialist is now needed to help continue our growth. You may be in a telemarketing role, or a customerfacing sales role already. But what?s most important is your outgoing, likeable personality and your desire to do a good job: you don?t need to have worked in a software company before or mobile communications (although if you have, it will be a definite plus). MAIN DUTIES ? SALES  NEW BUSINESS At first, until you properly understand the system and prove your capability, you will be telephonebased, identifying prospects and arranging meetings. But as soon as you are ready, you will be running your own meetings, producing your own quotations, and thereafter running your own territory. NB: There will always be an element of lead generation in this role, finding your own prospects in tightly targeted market sectors, so beware, if you do not like working the phones to find out who is the right person to talk to, and then breaking the ice with them, and arranging meetings, then this is not the role for you. But if you have the right skills, the opportunity is there for you to work on some of the most interesting and ground breaking projects in software for mobile workers, make high levels of commission, and make a significant contribution to the growth of the company. KEY SKILLS & EXPERIENCE ? SALES  NEW BUSINESS Essential:  Proven track record of success in telesales or direct sales  A likeable personality, able to build good working relationships with people at all levels  Excellent telephone manner  Hardworking, reliable and trustworthy  Literate and numerate, with good IT skills (Microsoft Word, CRM, Excel, email, etc) Ideally, you?ll also have experience in one or more of:  A software sales environment  The mobile communications sectors The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.