Title: Develop A Second Income Part Time
Webindex: 68062548
Company: Hiredonline
Description: Five selfemployed new colleagues wanted to help expand flexible, homebased business, working part time. Do you currently have a good job or run your own business? Do you ever feel overworked, undervalued or financially insecure? Could you find **** hours a week (in small amounts of time if necessary  day, evening or weekend), alongside your existing commitments, to develop both an ongoing income and, within five years if you work effectively, a royaltystyle 'pension' of around **** a year for life, which is also willable to your family? The Company A global, brandleading company in the recessionproof human and animal health and wellbeing market. A familyowned business, operating in over 145 countries, with a ****year record of continuous growth and holding the highlyprized Investors in People Gold and Champion awards. What are they looking for? People who are already successful in life and have the ambition, motivation, enthusiasm and commitment to take their careers further. You should have good communication skills and be able to relate to a wide range of people. Ideally you should have experience in some of the following areas: coaching, teaching, training, sales, marketing or recruitment. You should also have your own transport. What will your role be? To build, coach and mentor a team and develop a small personal customer base. You will create success for yourself through helping others be successful as well. This is a selfemployed role, not a salaried job. What help will you be given? You will be provided with superb training and supported by your personal mentor who will work very closely with you to enable you to be successful. Your mentor will help you enhance your personal and business skills and give you the opportunity to be part of a collaborative and supportive culture. What should you do now? Upload your CV and covering letter, showing how you fit this role. You will be contacted within **** hours and, if you have the qualities required, you will be invited to a facetoface meeting, or an open evening, to explore your application further. This is a superb opportunity for the right people and can give you the freedom to lead the life you want as well as ongoing financial security. You will be able to make a difference in both your own life and other people's and you will also gain an enormous amount of enjoyment and satisfaction from doing so. To apply for this role, please simply send your CV via the ' apply ' button shown. Hiredonline will provide our Client with your full details so that they can consider whether you may be suitable for the vacancy advertised. Your details as submitted by you, will only be used in conjunction with this vacancy and by applying for this position you accept that your CV and covering letter will be passed to a third party (our Client). By submitting your details, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DevelopASecondIncomePartTime_job****