Title: Trainee/Graduate Recruitment ConsultantEngineering Sector
Webindex: 68688372
Company: Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd
Description: Trainee recruitment consultant Engineering Sector Bristol ********  Progression  Commission OTE ****'****k  Bonus's  25 days holiday Are you looking to start your career in the recruitment industry? Do you want to work for one of the leading engineering and technical recruitment companies in the UK who will offer you an excellent commission structure and the chance to progress your career? Based in the centre of Bristol Rise technical recruitment is fast becoming one of the leading engineering specialist recruitment companies in the UK. With huge expansion plans in 2013 this is a fantastic time to join a business that wants to take on motivated individuals that want to achieve big things in their career. In this role you will join the well established focused on recruiting for clients in the midlands, building on relationships with some of the biggest engineering firms in the UK and high level engineers. You will have clear and defined targets set to ensure that you earn commission on a regular basis and progress through the business. You will also receive structured formal and on the job training to develop your skills. We are looking for motivated people that want to earn over ****k in your first year and progression to senior consultant/ manager roles. This is a great opportunity to join a company that will offer you a challenging role in a professional and motivated environment. The Role Structured training. Full recruitment consultant role. Clear and defined targets for progression. Excellent commission structure. The Person Candidates with a degree level qualification, ideally business related . You must want to pursue a career in recruitment. Motivated. Keenness to learn and develop your career. Candidates with Sales experience will have an advantage. Recruitment consultant, Sales, B2B, recruitment, resource, junior recruitment consultant, Graduate, telesales, Trainee graduate, To apply to this role please send your CV to nick.smithrisetechnicalrecruiment with a covering letter explaining what you know about the recruitment industry, what a recruitment consultant does and why you want to be a recruitment consultant. This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeGraduateRecruitmentConsultantEngineeringSector_job****