Title: **** Trainee Recruitment Consultants  Global Niche Recruitment Firm
Webindex: 68535121
Company: TURNSTONE SALES
Description: Overview: Do you want to work for the market leading specialist IT recruitment firm in Europe? If so our client are looking for ambitious second jobbers and bright graduates to join their successful teams in London, Manchester, Bristol and Birmingham. The Company Role: Established in 1986, our client specialise in placing IT experts into permanent and contract positions throughout the UK and Europe. With a proven track record of success within the IT market, our client is a genuine market leader and great place to work. They work for a wide range of clients from SME s to large multinationals and house hold brands they boast the largest client base of any IT recruiter in Europe. They are absolutely committed to service, so the old image of sell your granny to make a deal IT recruitment does not apply here. As a trainee recruitment consultant you will use your sales and networking skills to contact potential clients and then find them the best candidates to meet their needs. You will be responsible for the whole interview process, giving feedback, selling candidates to clients and vice versa. Then you will be negotiating to close the best deal for the client and candidate alike. IT recruitment is the fastest paced and competitive fields in any recruitment sector and no to hours are the same, let alone days. It is a really fun and focused sector where you can thrive and achieve great success. What Skills Do You Need? Our client is focused on speaking to graduates that have the following skills: Natural Communicators. Degree Educated. Have 2 Years Business Focused Experience Ideally With Sales Experience Confident. Ambitious and Genuinely Hardworking. What Do You Get In Return? Market Leading Support Training. Fun and Energetic Work Environment that allows you to Succeed. Uncapped Commission Scheme. Company Car Scheme. Weekly Monthly Incentives. Structured Career Path Leading to Management. Scheme Save Scheme When you Reach Management Level If you want to work for a company that rewards hard work and can provide genuine career opportunity, send us your CV and we will get back to you to discuss your application within **** hrs.