Title: PART TIME RESIDENTIAL LETTINGS AGENT, TWICKENHAM
Webindex: 64795593
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants
Description: Part time Residential Lettings Agent, Twickenham. Our client is an established property management company and an excellent opportunity has arisen for a Residential Lettings Agent to be based in Twickenham. ROLE OVERVIEW As Residential Lettings Agent you will be responsible for the daily management of **** residential properties and you will need a full UK driving licence and car. RESPONSIBILITIES For the role of Residential Lettings Agent, you will be responsible for all aspects of property letting and management which includes:  Liaising with tenants  Managing viewings  Renewing tenancies  Preparing tenancy agreements  Assisting with the allocation of maintenance issues  Carrying out property visits when required  Registering deposits  Managing rent arrears THE PERSON To carry out the role of Residential Lettings Agent, you must have a solid understanding of and previous experience in lettings and/or property management. An ARLA qualification would be advantageous although not essential. HOURS This is a parttime role based on 25 hours per week but flexibility is required with regards to the hours in order to accommodate viewings and work schedules. The salary will be circa **** per annum. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Parttime Residential Lettings Agent will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Property, Estate Agent, Lettings, ARLA, Negotiator, Tenancy, Tenant, Landlords, Rent, Rentals,