Title: Commercial Sales Office/Field Sales Advisor
Webindex: 69004720
Company: MJ Recruitment Solutions
Description: Our client is seeking a Commercial Sales Office/Field Sales Advisor to be based at their offices in Bedford. 1. Purpose of the role To generate business by advising the customer on best products, quotations, quote conversion to order, and customer service. To generate business by visiting main customers in defined region (postcodes: LU/MK/NN/OX); contractors, merchants and specifiers, with the aim to secure orders. **** Position in the company (organizational structure) Reports to Commercial Development Manager Mentored by an Area Sales Manager 3. Replacement in case of absence Commercial Office and External Field Sales team members **** Tasks Customer contact for advice on products, quotations, pricing and customer service Quotation Management Processing quotations (enquiry handling, advising on best products, price calculation, creating quotation). Managing quote conversion (actively follow up quotations sent and actively negotiate project sales). Liaising with technical department on bespoke elements of projects. Recording Win / loss of sales on CRM system. Customer Management and Sales Development Lead generation using Gleningans and other tools available. Manage a defined (small) region from the Sales Office with the occasional visit to projects or customers. Understand the region s market for the sale of ABD products and be knowledgeable on all current and future projects in the region. Exchange sales and project information with other members of Field Sales and Sales Office Develop demand for ABD products with existing customers by promoting and explaining the benefit in use, availability, technical support and services. Introducing products to new customers and creating prospects. Negotiate prices seeking preferred product status with existing and potential customers. Assist and progress with coordinated sales and marketing strategies. Feedback information on market and competitor activity. Use company CRM system to maintain customer, project and quote records and communicate key information enabling other ABD staff to progress and secure business. Other Conducting contract reviews to ensure flawless execution of customer orders. Able to work in a team with other Commercial advisors and help with order entry, organising shipping, international trade, holiday cover etc. Complete monthly reports. Literature request follow ups. 5. Authorities, responsibilities Work within defined trading policies and guidelines. Maintaining clean, tidy and safe working environment. **** Communication External All customers from designers, specifiers, contractors, merchants to installation teams. Internal The company s Building Drainage division, Water Management Sales teams and InterGroup. ****nowledge Knowledge of construction industry, contractors, merchants and specifiers who use Building Drainage products. Ability to read and interpret architectural and / or construction drawings. Sales Experience in business to business environment. IT literacy (Microsoft Office i.e.: Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook). **** Education Minimum of GCSE (B) or equivalent Maths and English HNC or HND in relevant study preferred **** Personal skills and behaviour Customer focused with a drive to secure sales. Ability to learn and convey technical product information. Tenacity in follow up with customers with excellent customer service attitude. Professional communication and presentation skills and ability to build rapport at any level. Excellent telephone manner, being open and informative to the customer. Confident, self managing, energetic and motivated. Good negotiator and selling experience. Organised with fast work tunraround and attention to detail. Good team player, honest and with integrity, helpful and willing to go the extra mile. Driver of action and continuous improvement. **** Health s sites, will wear appropriate PPE where necessary and will follow instructions as issued on customer sites. CSCS card required (training will be provided). Full and clean driving licence. **** Business Management System All the company s Procedures as appropriate. This role is limited for reasons of practicality. It does not exclude any tasks that are not mentioned above, nor does it limit the holder of the role to perform tasks requested in the interest of the company. This role is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Sales Office Advisor. The combination of sales office based work and occasional external work will set an eager candidate on a path of personal development into a sales focused role (both internal sales and external sales). Product training and sales training will be provided. Hours of work are 34.5 hours per week, Monday to Friday. Closing Date for applications: Friday 1st February 2013 MJ Recruitment Solutions regret that only successful applicants matching the criteria of the job role will be responded to