Title: Project / Sales Engineer
Webindex: 62119656
Company: The Selection Partnership Ltd
Description: My client is a leading manufacturer of wire formed products for a wide variety of industries including the automotive sector. The main purpose of the role is to deliver new business growth throughout the UK customers for wire, spring, wireforms and assemblies. Key tasks:   Develop existing UK based accounts providing sales growth.  Develop new UK based accounts providing sales growth.  Regular visits to the UK customer base to gain understanding of company performance and also understanding up and coming new business within the customer base that may provide potential new business.  Lead the UK customer request for quotation activity within the plant based quotation team.  Support the quotation process activity within the plant, with direct quotation as and when required.  Work with Project Managers, Development Engineers and Design Engineers to maximise sales opportunities, ensuring margin returns upon tooling and prototype.  Ensure that the plant business resource is strongly focused on new business generation.  Manage account profitability  Improve margin through price increases.  Manage UK accounts by liaising with the UK Quality / Production Management to resolve any issues around delivery delays or damage during deliveries, so that solutions can be devised to resolve any issues. Knowledge / experience required:   Excellent Project Engineering skills  Proven track record in sales generation.  Knowledge of mechanical engineering solutions, including materials, finishes and heattreatments  Strong business development skills.  Proven customer facing, commercial awareness.  High volume manufacturing experience.  Automotive components manufacturing experience.  Dealing with Automotive Customers.  Excellent communication and presentation skills to liaise and influence at every level.  Problem solving skills.  Ambitious and focused on delivery of high standard especially with respect to customer service.