Title: Client Manager (SAM)
Webindex: 71171560
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Client Manager (SAM) ****  **** ( 15% Discretionary bonus) Our client is a leading global digital marketing agency, is currently looking to recruit a Client Manager (SAM) to join their vibrant London based team. As Client Manager (SAM), you will be organised and confident working across a portolio within the digital marketing /agency sector. With a proactive and hands on attitude you will generate strong client relationships, internal teams and agency media teams. With enthusiasm and passion you will creatively develop concepts and proposals to inspire clients and teams, driving incremental revenues from existing business. With an efficient and determined approach you will oversee implementations of strategic marketing plans based on client digital needs. With an assertive attitude you will have strong communication and presentation skills, managing media and client service teams. Developing and roll out of a team management Plan. Being completely responsible for the team actions, managing their time, delegating their tasks, defining their roles. With multitasking skills you will carry out all relevent tasks effectively. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of an exciting media company, offering great benefits. If you are passionate and ambitious, looking for a challenging career in the media industry apply now Key Responsibilities of the Client Manager (SAM) include: . Build and oversee implementation of strategic marketing plans based on core client digital requirements . Closely overseeing client services, creative and media departments in the concept, costing, scheduling of production, implementation, deployment and evaluation of digital marketing campaigns. . As lead point of contact for assigned clients, managing senior client meetings and presentations . Management of media and client service teams. Development and roll out of a team management plan. Being completely responsible for the team actions, managing their time, delegating their tasks, defining their roles and aid in their career development. . Work with management to grow accounts. Work with account directors to develop out a commercial account structure on account P L, revenue projections. Roll out and management of the team time sheet system. Use data to track of revenue, spend and overheads that identifies profit margin per campaign and per client . Roll out of client plans that will highlight innovative ideas and initiatives to push to clients as 'stretch' targets . Work with Directors to select and win new business Qualities we're looking for in the Client Manager (SAM) include: . Previous experience digital media planning (new media/online advertising) preferred . Knowledge in Digital Marketing/Online industry . Excellent time management . Experience numeracy skills and meticulous . Excellent knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . Excellent communication both verbal and written skills . Excellent presentation, organisation and administration skills . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focussed . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ClientManagerSAM_job****