Title: BDM Commercial South West ****k OTE
Webindex: 69688146
Company: Brian Hawkins
Description: Do you have 2 years experience of selling into commercial and industrial outlets? Are you enthusiastic and able to communicate well with customers? APPLY NOW for more information about this exciting step towards a Sales career. Job Title Business Development Manager Industry Commercial Location South West Salary Uncapped **** OTE  Car The Role Reporting to the Regional Sales Manager, the Business Development Manager will sell the full range of products available to this sector, including to existing customers, expanding products currently in use, and opening new accounts, all while achieving the sales targets set. The Company My client has been a leading provider for over 30 years of developing innovative products to help customers look after property, premises and people. Their products make it easier for businesses to build best practices and regulatory compliance into their daily processes, including staff bookingin, visitor and contractor procedures, and incident reporting. The Candidate The Business Development Manager will have 2 years experience of selling into commercial and industrial outlets including cold calling, opening accounts and extending products in use. You must be enthusiastic, selfmotivated, confident and able to communicate well with customers. You must be based in the South West of England area. The Package Although the salary package will be negotiable dependant on previous experience, initial indication is base salary of **** with uncapped **** OTE, plus car and benefits. If you would like the opportunity to discuss this position further, apply online today. For more information on this and up to **** other live vacancies please visit our website on or call to speak to one of our highly trained consultants. h2 Recruit specialise in all sales positions including Internal Sales Executives, Business Development Executives, Business Development Manager, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Telesales and Account Management roles.