Title: Telesales Fundraisers (WAAC)
Webindex: 71794660
Company: Unity4
Description: Wales Air Ambulance Charity is an all Wales charity providing a vital service through emergency air cover for those who face lifethreatening illness or injuries . Owing to its widely scattered population and diverse landscape, many in Wales live in isolated locations far from an accident and emergency service. Also, the ever increasing problem of traffic congestion and collisions in more urban areas denotes delayed response times for land ambulances. For these reasons, there is a recognised need for three helicopters on active duty 365 days a year . • Work from home • Flexible  Choose your own days hours • Rewarding  Work for an important charity Unity**** is an industry leader, operating a nationwide 'virtual' home based call centre. Our employee's love that they don't need to travel to work, they enjoy flexible hours and they really care about the organisations they are calling for. We have multiple positions available for passionate individuals to join our work from home charity sales team. The role involves making cold calls to households to raise funds for The Wales Air Ambulance Charity We supply our custom built easy to use software that provides the leads, allows you to chat to the rest of the team and even makes the calls for you  You'll never see a bill for the calls you make. To be successful in this position you will need: • Confidence to cold call • Motivation to succeed • Excellent communication skills and telephone manner You will also need to commit to working at least **** hours a week, preferably in the afternoon and evening, from a quiet area of your home, have a corded telephone, a traditional phone line, broadband Internet and a Windows PC. The successful candidates will be provided with paid training, a supportive team network, the ability to select the days and hours they work and the opportunity to thrive in the best office environment without leaving the house If you'd like to be part of our growing team, please click the Login or Register to Apply button below. We look forward to reviewing your application.