Title: Recruitment Consultant / Account Manager NO COLD CALLING
Webindex: 68667849
Company: Listen Recruitment
Description: One of the UKs leading UK recruitment agency placing Sales and Marketing personnel, Executives, and Engineers into Veterinary, Medical, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare Communication are looking for a candidate manager /account manager to overseeing the recruitment of a major account that has recently been secured . The role of a candidate manager will involve writing job adverts for job vacancies that are generated, screening CV applications, telephone interviewing candidates, organising interviews for candidates with clients and searching for candidates through recommendations and referrals. You will be responsible for managing candidates through the whole process from start to finish of interview stage to job offer stage. This job would suit somebody who is looking to work in recruitment as a long term career but not necessarily wish to work in a cold calling environment. It is essential that you have worked in a sales recruitment role and happy to work within a sales surroundings. Your role as a candidate manager is a dual position as you will be the first point of contact for your client as well as your candidate’s .Good time management and organizational skills is essential as well as a clear telephone manner. The office in Sheffield is a friendly bunch of professional recruiters who work closely as a team. You can expect to have a wonderful working environment with lots of great colleagues to work alongside. You will also be supported by a Manager who is very motivational and who leads from the front. You will have the opportunity to earn both personnel and team commission. They have flexible benefits package which includes the opportunity to earn holiday vouchers amongst other incentives. Please note previous recruitment experience is essential in order to be considered for this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantAccountManagerNOCOLDCALLING_job****