Title: Sales Collector
Webindex: 66766219
Company: THESMARTLIST.co.uk
Description: LOCATION: Field based role covering Scunthorpe & North Lincolnshire  Candidates will ideally based within Scunthorpe or within an approx 10 mile radius: Other locations that are suitable: Ashby, Broughton, Brigg, Belton, Messingham. You will be working directly from home **** days out of 5, going directly onto the Round from home. You will be accountable, one morning per week, at the Companies office in Rotherham. You will then, travel back to Scunthorpe to collect on the Round for the rest of that day. JOB TITLE: Sales Collector SALARY & BENEFITS: Starting at **** per annum, Company Car, Mobile Phone, Fuel Allowance & 4 weeks Holiday per annum. WORKING HOURS: Full Time, Mon  Fri  actual hours worked are to suit the Round. THE ROLE: Sales Collection Representative The role will be working in the designated area for the Round  you will be working on your own and calling upon approximately **** calls per week. You will be Collecting Weekly Payments from your Customers and also managing their accounts for both payments and additional business, whether it be Personal Loans, Shopping Vouchers, Christmas Hampers, Seasonal Chocolates or any other products that the company may introduce for our Customers. This will be carried out by communicating with your Customers  advising them on their options and offering the best solution to their short term borrowing needs and also helping them to manage their accounts effectively. The Key duties of the role are: Working in the field, calling door to door on your list of Customers. Collecting Weekly Repayments. Arranging and selling Short Term Personal Loans, Shopping Vouchers, Christmas Hampers Seasonal Chocolates or any other product that the Company may introduce. Arranging suitable repayment programs for any missed payments from Customers Cash handling and banking of monies collected. Obtaining New Customers every week as well as calling upon paid up Customers. Collating and recording customer repayments and new business paid out or issued. Reporting and communicating with your Area Manager and working to targets THE COMPANY: Our client is a family run business with a history of trading spanning 35 years in the personal finance market. A friendly Company, with a great track record of retaining staff, with an average service of 10 years per staff member and with a very loyal customer base. THE CANDIDATE: We are looking for a highly personable and driven character. Capable of communicating with a wide range of Customers to build rapport, trust and overall a strong working relationship. You will need to be a selfstarter and carry a good degree of maturity in how you approach your work. No formal qualifications are required. However an outgoing personality is the key attribute with good people skills, enthusiasm and a positive attitude. Previous experience is not necessary as full training is provided, however we would love to hear from people with the following experience: Life Skills A background in sales Experience of working in a door to door sales capacity Financial or Personal Loans experience Credit control or collections Numeracy and Diplomacy Professional Manner coupled with confidentiality. IT Skills are not a requisite for the position but may help with the use of excel on the smartphone that the company currently uses. A selfstarter capable of offering flexibility in their role. All in all this is a diverse position, with no two days the same and we look forward to receiving your application. Once you have applied please complete the online interview questions and we will update you on the progress of your application asap. KEYWORDS: Sales, 'Customer Service', Collections, 'Personal loans' 'door to door' 'utility sales' 'gas or electric sales' Home Service. Home Insurance Agent, (Home collected Refuge, Prudential, Coop Pearl etc.) 'Sales Collector' Provident 'short term loans' 'pay day loans' Sales, 'Customer Service', Collections, 'Personal loans' 'door to door' 'utility sales' 'gas or electric sales' Home Service. Home Insurance Agent, (Home collected Refuge, Prudential, Coop Pearl etc.) 'Sales Collector' Provident 'short term loans' 'pay day loans' Sales, 'Customer Service', Collections, 'Personal loans' 'door to door' 'utility sales' 'gas or electric sales' Home Service. Home Insurance Agent, (Home collected Refuge, Prudential, Coop Pearl etc.) 'Sales Collector' Provident 'short term loans' 'pay day loans'