Title: External Sales Consultant  North West
Webindex: 71667616
Company: I4 Recruitment
Description: External Sales Consultant Covering the North West of England Competitive salary, company car, laptop and mobile phone To develop the Business within your area and to achieve targets set by the company. Responsibilities and duties: To call on every existing and potential stockist of Company brand products within your area. To provide and sell the Full Range of Company brand products. Provide product training to our stockists within your area (Product Manager will assist with group training). Advise Head Office of any forthcoming exhibitions within your area and also specific advertising that could benefit sales in your area. To achieve targets set by the Key Account Managers Ensure customer details are kept up to date on Madics / visit reports Keeps Head Office informed of any new products being offered by our competitors or other Distributors. Divide time effectively between client visits and time spent in office, arranging further appointments/reporting etc. Provide relevant paperwork for monthly expenses in a timely and accurate manner. Provide a sales report as requested which should detail relevant activities within your area, for example, Competitors products/prices, New Accounts, Personnel changes within the merchant sector. Provide in advance and as requested a call plan (and analysis) detailing your appointments for the week. Be responsible for promoting and selling ALL Company products to the entire market and customer base including; Merchants Specifiers Councils Contractors Highways M.O.D Responsible for Area and Account Management including; Highways Areas and Their Contractors Regional Managers and Directors Regional Merchant Accounts Water Authorities within area Set up term deals with key contractors following up of Glenigan leads All Councils within area. Ensuring all visit reports are entered on Madics Other Duties: The post holder will be required to undertake any other duties according to the needs of the business. This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of activities, but rather an outline of the main areas of responsibility. Any reasonable changes will be discussed and agreed with the post holder before variations of the job description are made. The role offers a competitive salary and comes with a company car, laptop and mobile phone. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ExternalSalesConsultantNorthWest_job****