Title: Regional Sales Manager Asset Finance
Webindex: 68356104
Company: The Oakland Partnership
Description: Regional Sales Manager Asset Finance North West England c.**** basic, **** OTE  car allowance Our Client is a highly successful and progressive international asset finance company which is looking to increase their presence in the North West of England. The company specialise in providing lease and asset finance solutions to small and medium sized businesses. They currently have an opportunity for an experienced Sales Manager to join the team and continue their development of the territory. You will be meeting with new customers and maintaining existing relationships with a portfolio of dealerships and resellers within the Office Technology market and encouraging those resellers to use this particular finance company as opposed to any of their competitors. The company are looking for a disciplined and self motivated individual who can build solid relationships within their niche market, as they pride themselves on their reputation for being creative with their deal structures in the small ticket leasing market. We are interested in hearing from individuals who have either worked successfully in a relevant internal sales position and are looking to take the next step in their career or those who already hold an external sales position and can hit the ground running . To be considered for this opportunity it is essential that candidates can demonstrate experience working in a targeted sales environment. Whilst an understanding of asset finance would be useful, the main prerequisite for the role is that candidates are hungry, motivated sales professionals who are keen to succeed. You may therefore be working in a sales role for an IT Vendor or Reseller in the North West Region with a strong interest in Financial Services who is keen to sell the finance product rather than the hardware/software. A superb range of benefits accompanies the salary including a generous commission package. This is a rare opportunity with tremendous scope for development and progression within a growing sales team and a successful company