Title: International Sales Manager
Webindex: 66886562
Company: Capital Strategy Associates
Description: A market leading provider of specialist engineered systems for the Oil and Gas industry are looking to recruit an International Sales Manager. They have grown significantly over the last 5 years and need a proactive, highly selfmotivated Sales Manager to join their team. In the main you will be managing sales activities, conditioning of tenders, direct sales and customer relationship management. In addition to this you will motivate sales agents and maintain the sales pipeline and forecasts. The ideal candidate will require at least 3 years experience in the Oil and Gas sector selling low volume, high value engineering solutions, preferably in metering, sampling and or blending. You must also have a proven track record of delivering revenue growth and exceeding sales targets. An HND/HNC in mechanical or electrical engineering is beneficial as well as a European language; Russian being a preference. In order to be considered for this role you will need to have the drive and enthusiasm to succeed; be a selfstarter, and have the ability to close deals and develop, plan and implement short and long range goals. Strong interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to work effectively with a wide range of constituencies in a diverse international community will be required. A generous package and car allowance accompanies this role, together with good benefits and incentive scheme. For the right candidate a relocation allowance may be provided. Due to the unprecedented volume of response we are currently receiving, regrettably, we are unable to respond to every application individually. If you have not heard back from us in 5 days, please assume your application has been unsuccessful, however your details will be entered on our database and we will be in contact when a suitable opportunity arises. In respect of the above advert, CS Associates is acting as a recruitment agency