Title: Major Account Development Manager UK & Northern Europe
Webindex: 72443555
Company: Louis Hampshire
Description: Major Account Development Manager UK and Northern Europe The client is a global leader in print and document management solutions and managed services, with a client base that includes some of the largest corporate enterprises operating within the UK, Europe and Internationally. They have invested significant amounts in R D, allowing them to offer solutions at the leading edge of technology. They also invest seriously in sales, marketing, and product development. With ambitious plans to grow the corporate enterprise business across the UK and Europe, this is an exciting time to be joining them. The role will be a central figure in enabling the development and expansion of new business opportunities within corporate enterprises with a European or global presence who are existing Major Account customers in the UK. In particular this role will focus on Northern Europe, leading and working with a virtual team of Account Managers within the regions and driving the creation and implementation of account engagement and account development best practice, ensuring a consistent and joinedup approach. This will involve putting in place processes and measures which will ensure the successful identification, cross fertilization and fostering of panEuropean account opportunities and leads, as well as advising and guiding on bid coordination and bid management activities. The role requires a strong crossfunctional working approach to managing opportunities through the full account cycle, and will involve extensive liaison with business operations and technical presales. Candidates will have a successful track record of account management within corporate enterprise customers which should involve UK and European experience. It is expected that candidates will have experience in managed print services (MPS) or broader electronic document management solutions. Great prospects can exist within this visible role working for a World leader. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MajorAccountDevelopmentManagerUKNorthernEurope_job****