Title: Brand Sales Executive
Webindex: 69000469
Company: Office Angels
Description: BRAND SALES EXEC Central Bristol ******** plus OTE Monday  Friday Office Angels Bristol is currently recruiting for a Brand Sales Executive to account manage and develop existing relationships with clients to maximise profits and commercial awareness. You will also be responsible for monitoring market share and maximising creative ideas in line with company goals. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: To achieve, and where possible exceed the budget levels for revenue To track year on year performance growing revenue and share. To build market share in a competitive context. To grow the yield on you business and adhere to the discount parameters outlined in the sales policy / pricing grid To achieve and where possible exceed the required daily call time of **** minutes, in effect call rate of **** calls per day and client/agency visits (2 per week) To monitor magazine market share on a monthly basis. To ensure all competitive leads are chased within a week of a competitor s onsale date To drive online revenues through the full range of online opportunities To actively sell across our portfolio driving revenues with crosstitle advertising deals To retain x% of your client base To make regular contact with the top 20 clients and look to maintain and wherepossible grow their revenue. To ensure all your filemaker notes are up to date in terms of client and agency contacts, updated contact report and order confirmations. To ensure all bookings are imputed correctly on filemaker with particular notice being paid to the client/agency contact, rate, positional request, order number and copy contact. To ensure the production policies are adhered to and that there is a smooth working relationship and communication with the two teams To introduce new clients to the business on a weekly/monthly basis To utilise all available marketing, sales and service functions and facilities so as to maximise clients satisfaction, address clients needs and secure maximum revenue To devise professional and on brand pitch documents/presentations which demonstrate the value and effectiveness of our brands Personal specification Experience within media sales essential Drive and enthusiasm Influence of selling Customer focused Demonstrate hitting high targets in pressured environment Experience of managing staff as well as financial budgets Benefits 20 days holiday plus Christmas and New Year Holiday increases with service Additional Birthday holiday Early finish every Fridays Cycle to work scheme Pension Life assurance Central location Proven career development opportunities Excellent OTE ****k Every single application we receive is reviewed by a member of the team at Office Angels Bristol. We will respond in writing within one working day. We get a large number of applications every day so it s not possible to call everyone but if we feel we can help we ll call you to discuss how. To apply please send your CV or apply online to (url removed) The team at Office Angels Bristol are experts in their field, recruiting for a variety of clients of all industries and sizes throughout the area including Bristol City Centre, Avonmouth, Chipping Sodbury, Severn Beach, Yate, Aztec West, Clevedon, WestonSuperMare, Nailsea, Bath, Kingswood, Filton, Thornbury, Portishead, Hanham, Clifton and more. When we receive your application we consider whether there are other opportunities that might interest you, but feel free to help us by applying for all roles that suit your needs. For a range of advice designed to give you the head start you need in your search for work please visit our website. Office Angels is an equal opportunities employer