Title: EMEA  Sales Manager
Webindex: 68258443
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: Reporting to the head of Sales, The role entails leading an assigned export territory within their fastest growing region globally which is the EMEA. You will be working with market leading brands across several core categories including the health and wellness, beauty and personal care, SDA, and consumer electronics. The role involves;  Managing sales and marketing of their core brands including Salter, HoMedics, and House of Marley into the EMEA Region.  You will be responsible for the growth of the export sales and geographical expansion  You will be required to deal with distributors, agents, or retailers in each of the assigned countries.  You will implement successful launch of new products/categories/brands into the region. The right individual will have the following background and skills;  A proven track record in an international sales roles focussed on EMEA with exposure to one of the following categories  health and wellness, beauty and personal care, SDA, and or consumer electronics working with distributors, agents and retailers. Outstanding people / communication skills (foreign language skills would also be a plus)  Background in at least one of the following categories: consumer health and wellness, beauty and personal care, SDA, or electronics lifestyle.  Market knowledge of Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa is a plus.  Bachelors degree level education is a plus  Collegiate management style but entrepreneurial approach HoMedics Group is a market leader and employer of choice with a market leading portfolio of brands including Salter, House of Marley, and Homedics. They are a major player in the health and wellness, beauty and personal care, consumer electronics and lifestyle products Competitive Basic Salary Car Allowance / Company Car Bonus Program Excellent Career Development Opportunities Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/EMEASalesManager_job****