Title: Sales Manager / Engineering / West Midlands
Webindex: 72675839
Company: Hiredonline
Description: Area Sales Manager with an Engineering background required to cover the West Midlands region, offering a basic salary of up to **** plus bonus, car and benefits. Sales Managers with a proven track record in sales within the UK Manufacturing industry will also be considered as product training will be provided. The ideal Area Sales Manager will have a recognised engineering qualification. Our client is the industry leader in aftermarket services for surface preparation technology. The succesful candidate will have specific responsibility for the wheel shot blast machine spares and service line of business within a nominated area. Key Duties: Represent the company in a totally professional, business like, efficient and acceptable manner at all times. Plan the sales area and grow business by building customer relationships and by promoting the range of products and services to both established and new customers. Maintain and grow the sales of original spares and technology. Identify and pursue sales targets for EMP (Equipment Modernisation Programme). To actively pursue and convert 'competitor' target accounts. Interact and liaise with internal technical sales and service departments. Provide advance weekly call and activity plans together with resultant weekly summary reports. To provide a detailed monthly report and other business and forecast reports as required by management. Assist marketing function for editorials, sales success stories etc. Work within the established procedures in conjunction with a proactively driven Customer Relationship Management system and ERP system. The ideal candidate will be a strong selfmotivated and disciplined character, able to work systematically and calmly whilst under pressure and possess a keen ambition to succeed in a competitive market place. There will be occasional opportunity to attend trade exhibitions, seminars and product training both in Europe and the UK. Candidates will be computer literate and will hold a full driving licence. Keywords (Search Engine): Sales Manager, Regional Sales Manager, Sales Executive, Key Account Manager, Sales Representative, Mechanical, Technical, Engineering, Midlands. To apply for this role, please simply send your CV via the ' apply ' button shown. Hiredonline will provide our Client with your full details so that they can consider whether you may be suitable for the vacancy advertised. Your details as submitted by you, will only be used in conjunction with this vacancy and by applying for this position you accept that your CV and covering letter will be passed to a third party (our Client). By submitting your details, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerEngineeringWestMidlands_job****