Title: Trainee Sales Consultant
Webindex: 68356171
Company: Sterling Cross
Description: Trainee Sales Consultant East Kent Basic to ****  open ended monthly commission  incentives  stakeholder pension scheme NVQ Training  OTE **** Specialist Medical Recruitment MarketUK wide Sterling Cross provides alternative recruitment solutions within specialist medical market sectors. Our client base includes many private hospitals, care providers, supermarkets and the NHS. We work with many of the FTSE 100 companies. We are celebrating 10 years of success in our market in January 2013. Your day will be challenging and varied, taking responsibility for both candidates and clients. A Recruitment Consultant is primarily responsible for: Identifying new business opportunities, developing client relationships and managing a client database Developing a network of candidates and managing their aspirations and career search Focussing on the importance of service delivery and client relationship management About You Successful Recruitment Consultants must be able to demonstrate; Strong sales, networking and client development abilities Excellent time management and organisational skills A passionate desire to succeed and build a successful career The role of a recruitment consultant is a pressurised career involving sales, account management, business development and the management of the recruitment lifecycle on behalf of your clients. If you are the sought of person who believes that you should be rewarded for effort and excellence and that a successful career comes from hard work and the right training and management then we could be the right fit for you. You ll be motivated to succeed in a sales career as a consultant s day is targeted, fast paced and challenging. In return we ll offer you: Full training and development, unlimited potential for career progression. Full training is provided. We are a vibrant and successful company that encourages a culture of personal and financial achievement. If you feel that you could thrive in this environment then please apply