Title: Business Development Controller
Webindex: 69803840
Company: Frank Roberts & Sons Limited
Description: Business Development Controller **** **** Plus Car  Bonus  executive benefits package Northwich, Cheshire As the fastest growing bakery brand in the UK, Frank Roberts has built a reputation as a ‘best in class producer’. An appetite to be the best has driven the business to deliver record growth in successive years and invest significantly to create a first class facility in Cheshire. Recent acquisitions have further strengthened their existing portfolio, as well as creating exciting opportunities for new channels. The business’ continued desire to develop the overall offering and further market penetration has created a new opportunity for an ambitious executive to join the commercial team as a Business Development Controller for the Convenience Channel. The role, which reports to the Sales Director, will take full responsibility for the Convenience Channel which comprises a Van Sales Fleet, National Accounts, Sales Orders and Sales Delivery support functions. The scope is broad and focuses on developing internal operations, people and processes, which will enable external sales growth and deliver the ‘Fit for Future’ strategy within the channel. The key objectives are to:  Review, develop and execute the strategic goals of ‘Van Sales Fit for Future’ and ‘Grow Roberts Brand within the Convenience Channel’  Champion the Convenience Channel within Frank Roberts and communicate the Values, Goals and Objectives to the entire group  Introduce new KPIs, supervise their roll out and produce improved analysis of Channel performance, presenting these to both the Sales and Commercial Directors  Implement new operational processes and technology, ensuring it links effectively to and is supported by the existing IT systems. Whilst experience of the FMCG sector or exposure to managing field sales would be desirable, it is not a prerequisite. More important is your track record in business development and project management. It will then be your proven operational insight, commercial acumen and leadership skills, coupled with collaborative working and personal values consistent with a quality lead business, that sets you apart from the rest. This is an exceptional role with an exceptional company which will facilitate further career advancement opportunities for ambitious business development professionals. To apply, please send your full CV, including current salary details to: Michael Avis, Stark Brooks, 3rd Floor, St James’s Buildings, Oxford Street, Manchester M1 ****FQ.  ****mail: michaelavisstarkbrooks.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentController_job****