Title: Field Sales Executive  Soft Furnishings
Webindex: 71444954
Company: Accord Management Services Limited
Description: Are you a sales executive working in a field sales role in the soft furnishings or FMCG market place? If so, this is a fantastic sales opportunity to work for one of the most successful suppliers of soft furnishing products in the U.K. SALARY: **** Basic, **** OTE, fully expensed company car, mobile, laptop and benefits LOCATION : Covering the South West, you could ideally be based around the Bristol area or centrally based to cover the South West and South Wales. A family run business that are very profitable, turn over millions and are one of the most successful suppliers of soft furnishing products to the retail market place in the U.K. As the sales have grown to an extraordinary level in the South West, the territories have been restructured to make way for a talented Sales Executive to join the company for the South West region. The role will involve mainly account management of an area that turns over 1.5million. To be considered for this role you will ideally be working as a Sales Executive selling curtain components or soft furnishings to independent retailers, however if you are a talented sales executive with a proven track record from the FMCG market place then full product training will be given You will be rewarded with a competitive salary and commission package and excellent prospects for the future. Initial interviews are due to take place next week, please click apply or contact Sam Riccoboni on **** **** ELIGIBILITY All vacancies advertised are based in the UK. It is unlawful to employ a person who does not have permission to live and work in the UK and we will therefore only consider applications from candidates who are eligible to work in the EU. Accord Management Services are UK based Sales Recruitment specialists, placing experienced sales professionals across all industry sectors. The services Accord provides are those of an employment agency.