Title: Inbound Sales  Protection Consultants
Webindex: 68699036
Company: Santander
Description: With products this good, you can't miss Santander is one of the world's largest banking groups, with the confidence that comes with knowing you're working with a UK leader and second largest provider of mortgages you'll be joining a global bank with over 150 years of banking experience. Due to unprecedented success and growth of the Mortgage Division we will be looking to increase the Protection Team within the contact centre in Mays Meadow Belfast The Role Providing specialist advice on our customers' largest purchase, you'll deliver the perfect mortgage and protection solutions by building strong relationships. The role will balance prebooked and prequalified customer appointments and inbound calls, focussing very heavily on a multiproduct spread. You will identify customer requirements and needs through rapport building, and deliver the appropriate solutions What are we looking for? Our telephone teams are sales driven and goalorientated and you'll need to ensure that your targets are consistently met whilst staying compliant across the product spectrum. Through getting to know your customer and identifying their needs you'll be helping them choose the products that are right for them whilst identifying potential cross sale opportunities. We're looking for positive individuals and excellent communicators to work within our range of financial products, which include mortgages, savings, unsecured personal loans and insurance. And you'll need a team attitude with the high levels of selfmotivation required for you to meet and exceed your targets. The Reward One of the most competitive basic salaries around is just the start. Once your training is complete you'll be eligible for our quarterly incentive scheme that can boost your salary significantly. Our industryleading training programme will put all the resources you need to succeed at your fingertips. Other Santander benefits include SMART Pension 25 days Holiday  public holidays entitlement Product discounts Retail and High Street discounts Factor in a defined career development path through our advisor progression scheme and it becomes clear that you're looking at a fantastic career opportunity. If sales is your calling and you're passionate about dealing with people, apply now to find out more. Salary: ****  quarterly bonus  Excellent Benefits Hours of work You will need to be flexible as you will be working on average **** hours/week, between 8.00 am and 9.00 pm Monday to Friday with at least two Saturdays a month between 8.00 am and 4.00 pm. Location: Belfast This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InboundSalesProtectionConsultants_job****