Title: AV & VC External Account ManagerHealthcare
Webindex: 72240306
Company: AV Jobs
Description: The Opportunity As an External Audio Visual and Video Conferencing Account Manager you will work closely with the Business Development Director, selling solutions to new and existing clients in the Healthcare Sector across the South of England. You will work in a consultative way to provide total AV, VC and collaboration solutions focused on the healthcare sector, including surgical theatre AV and remote collaboration, video conferencing suites, digital signage solutions, training room solutions and auditoria. As well as new solution selling, you will also have the opportunity to sell support and managed service and maintenance contracts, backed up by the excellent inhouse service delivery team, which includes onsite remote technical support as well as field engineers. With a strong client base already in existence this is an excellent opportunity to maximise current sales opportunities and further develop the territory, bringing in new customers as well as account managing the existing. This will require you to capitalise on a large quantity of sales leads generated by recent marketing campaigns, closing new opportunities for the company. To succeed in this role you will need to ensure a consistently exceptional level of customer care for all clients and develop a strategy to ensure customer loyalty and increase the likelihood of repeat business. You will also deliver high quality onsite training and demonstrations of Collaboration, Video Conferencing Audio Visual technologies. The company are committed to keeping their staff up to date with the latest technology and best practice; you will have the opportunity to become a qualified Prince**** practitioner, to better serve your clients and ensure that projects are delivered efficiently and on time, with support from a dedicated project manager and inhouse engineering team. There are excellent opportunities to earn high levels of commission, with an uncapped commission structure that pays on all business won, not just above target sales. You will be based in the South of England, remote from the companies head office, and will be selling in the field for the vast majority of your time. Your Skills, Qualities and Achievements You will be a proven business to business sales account management professional, with excellent selling skills to senior manager level in the public sector, ideally the NHS, with experience of winning places on national/regional purchasing frameworks. Experience of selling collaboration technologies, AV and VC solutions, is required. Knowledge of the latest technologies and their applications for the Healthcare sector, such as Polycom, Cisco telepresence systems, digital signage, audio systems, interactive displays and projectors would be an advantage. Must be an accomplished business development professional and account manager, with a track record of success in a consultative sales role. You will need excellent communication, presentation and enduser training skills. Must be enthusiastic, hungry and ambitious with a desire to succeed in a new business role. Must have the aptitude to learn technical solutions and new technology rapidly. An excellent opportunity to progress your career with a dynamic organisation. The Organisation Well established Audio Visual and video Conferencing solutions specialist. This company has a strong team of technical, sales and support staff to service the needs of the cuttingedge presentation, collaboration and video communications market, employing the latest technology to provide bespoke solutions to achieve specific client aims at specific sites. With all engineering talent inhouse, the company are well placed to offer excellent service and support to clients across the UK. With a strong track record of success in the AV VC market, and over 30 years of trading behind them, they are continuing their growth. On the back of a recent, ongoing and very successful marketing campaigns the company are focusing their efforts on winning more business and developing existing clients in the Healthcare sector. The Recruiters AV Jobs are specialists in providing a first class recruitment service for professional sales and marketing people, engineers and programmers throughout the UK and EMEA. Our markets include Audio Visual, Technology, Telecoms and Office Equipment. We have an established reputation  with clients and candidates alike  for keeping things simple, straightforward and uncomplicated. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AVVCExternalAccountManagerHealthcare_job****