Title: Sales and Marketing Asistant  Horsham  ****k****k
Webindex: 69806190
Company: C City IT Recruitment
Description: Sales and Marketing Asistant  Horsham  18k****k Our client is offering exciting opportunities for suitably qualified and motivated recent graduates or sales staff with some experience. This position is to support the sales and marketing team in the promotion of the company and our solutions to worldwide mobile network operators. You will be based in Horsham working with a young, entrepreneurial ICT company that delivers best in class IT solutions to mobile network operators. You will support the business in various areas including;  Marketing communications – to Partners, Media and Customers across the globe  Lead generation  Sales This role will involve utilising online media to market the company and its product portfolio. They are keen to develop both their brand awareness and knowledge of their products within the industry. You will be responsible for planning and executing both B2B and B2C marketing campaigns  internationally. This will require key skills such as segmentation, positioning, budgeting and analysis. The role will give you exposure to directing marketing campaigns at some of the world's biggest companies, as well as the hundreds of millions of smartphone users across the globe. You will gain domain expertise knowledge of web based sales and marketing techniques and support the business in various areas including;  Primary responsibility for all marketing communications and activities  Plan and implement online marketing campaigns  Manage corporate identity within online media  Establish links with other industry ‘players’ – Media, consultancies, analysts etc  Gather market intelligence, analyse, and disseminate internally  Assist directly with sales activities including lead generation, product demonstrations and tender responses  Create and manage sales and marketing collateral, including press releases, product presentations and our corporate website  Work closely alongside seasoned experts within a small, growing company with a friendly atmosphere  Hours of work – **** per week, Monday to Friday You will need to be enthusiastic, committed and with a desire to become a key player within a fast growing, cuttingedge technology business. The role would suit candidates who have a preference for fastpaced environments, where they can make a big impact in a small amount of time. The company is an exciting, growing technology business which delivers latest technology software solutions to some of the largest mobile phone operators in the world. The successful candidate will work with stateoftheart software solutions and learn by working alongside an exceptional team. Essential requirements:  Fluent written spoken English skills  Studying or completed a relevant degree (business, marketing, telecoms, ICT)  Good IT and problem solving skills  Willing to learn  Team player  Good communication and interpersonal skills Desirable attributes:  Knowledge of any Geographic Information System  Previous experience will be an advantage though not essential  An interest or knowledge of telecoms, mobile networks Sales and Marketing Asistant  Horsham  18k****k This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesandMarketingAsistantHorsham18k****k_job****