Title: Social Media Sales Manager
Webindex: 71170876
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Social Media Sales Manager  B ****  ****  Comm Our client, a leading international online Social gaming advertising platform currently looking for a Social Media Sales Manager to join their prestigious London team. As Social Media Sales Manager you will be driven and confident approaching digital agencies and brands in the UK and Europe. You will be knowledgeable about the industry and therefore will be involved with educating the market about ingame advertising working on RFP's/briefs and develop a pipleine of insertion orders. You will be responsible for the panEuropean brandengagement and video ad sales and therefore a second european language (German or French) is highly advantageous. You will work with advertsisers and agencies direct, launching and managing video CPV (costperview) and CPE campaigns across our clients product. A combination of strong telesales and face to face skills with presentation abilities, enabling you to commuincatie effectively. You will develop rapport with new and existing clients. You will have previous video ad sales experience and aware of competitors. This is an exciting opportunity to work for one the industry's online social network companies. If you believe you have the skills and qualities for this role, apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Social Media Sales Manager include: . Focus on video CPV and CPE . Approach digital agencies and brands in the UK nad Europe . Educate the UK and European market about in game advertsing and CPE/V . Work on RFP's/briefs and generate a pipeling of insertion orders . Developing good working relationships with key customers . Providing appropriate commercial solutions whilst maximising revenue . Acting as a central point of contact for key customers . Creating innovative ways in which to build business from individual accounts Qualities we're looking for in the Ssocial Media Sales Manager include: . Previous experience in video ad sales for a video ad network, video publisher or video focussed agency/viral seeding agency . Previous online ad sales experience . Proven track record establishing strong agency and advertsiers in London . A second european languge (German or French) is highly advantageous . A proven track record of working within a target driven environment and achieving these targets consistently . A thorough understanding of online media and the market . Driven and ambitious sales approach . Highly motivated and proactive . Excellent communication skills both written and verbal . Excellent clientfacing and telephone sales skills . Strong organisation and presentation skills . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SocialMediaSalesManager_job****