Title: New Business Executive (Graduate)
Webindex: 72199626
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: An ambitious, selfmotivated and driven Sales person is required to join a specialist international exhibition event design and project management agency based in Rugby, Warwickshire. This is a highly challenging opportunity which will excite candidates who are looking to drive their career forward within a highlyregarding company who can boast an impressive list of clients. Role: New Business Executive (Graduate) Location: Rugby, Warwickshire Salary: ****  **** (plus uncapped commission  Further details available upon request) As a New Business Executive, you will report to the Sales and Marketing director and be responsible for the following: Sourcing and targeting new businesses  to either set up an appointment or soliciting a design brief Utilising an extensive database of prospective clients Establishing and maintaining social media activity, to help generate brand awareness The long term aim of the role will be for the candidate to visit UK trade shows and exhibitions to meet exhibitors face to face. In addition, our client will be looking for you to develop into a consultant who has the ability to visit clients, taking a design brief, all the way through to final handover. The successful candidate will be educated to degree level and ideally be able to demonstrate previous telephone/telesales experience. The candidate will be a strong and confident communicator who is not fazed by talking to clients up to and including Director Level. Candidates will benefit from experience within the Exhibitions or Events industry, alongside an interest in design. Candidates will be naturally creative and again benefit from an active interest in social media marketing. This is a fantastic opportunity for the successful candidate to create a highly fulfilling career within a growing company. Our client will encourage you to progress within company and take on extra responsibility. Grad Central is a new service aimed at matching the best graduates with companies across the West Midlands and is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. If you have not previously registered on the Grad Central website, by applying for this role you agree to be automatically added to our database of job seekers. You will be issued with login details to your own Grad Central account where you can update your profile with your job preferences, set up job alerts and access our bank of helpful job hunting information. If you do not wish us to hold onto your details you can delete your profile from our database by logging in and following the relevant options. We do not pass on any information to third parties. Please refer to our website for our full terms and conditions.