Title: Experienced Business Development Executive (Pharmaceutical Mkt)
Webindex: 71802192
Company: TTCS RECRUITMENT
Description: Experienced Business Development Executive (Pharmaceutical Market) We have a number of opportunities for driven and persuasive BDM's to work on a full time basis within the B2B sector selling invaluable business information services. We span a plethora of industry sectors including, automotive, consumer goods, energy and sustainability, financial services, logistics and express, pharmaceuticals, healthcare and retail banking. This is a real opportunity for the successful candidate to take ownership of their allocated market place. If you fancy working within a fastpaced yet friendly environment, for world leading publishers, who are FTSE250 companies and offer the potential to earn excellent salaries with fantastic career opportunities then look no further. You will need to be able to… Expertly convert potential and existing clients to meet revenue targets: Using your fabulous bantering skills on the telephone, question, present and sell to a set and defined potential client database. Constantly be aware of opportunities to sell and upsell the company's products within the defined client database. Maintain and build up the database: Accurate coding of the database is essential. Updating the database with correct client contact details and adding aditional names. With immpecible precision, you will be inputting the correct client information, including records of conversations, client needs and reasons to purchase/not to purchase the company's products. Maintain a high level of activity: Your desk should be buzzing at all times Briming with jubilant enthusiasm and more energy than a duracel bunny, you wont struggle to meet required targets as set by the Sales Director. Develop key skills for a sales career: Demonstate your eagerness for a fastpaced, rewarding career in sales Show an interest in the company's products and services. Radiate with professionalism, positivity and enthusiasm. Be a merry addition to the team and give 'team player' a new meaning Skills required; Charismatic, personable nature and fantastic sales skills  opening, closing, probing, listening and matching the product to client needs Eloquent and articulate telephone manner Product and industry knowledge Ability to assimilate complex information Confidently operate a sales database European language a plus Graduate educated The Package: Great city locations, salaries up to **** with excellent commission and benefits Get in touch now and sell yourself For our latest vacancies, please visit our website http://www.ttcs.co.uk/