Title: Telesales Executive  Lead Generation
Webindex: 70650512
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Telesales Executive  Lead Generation Gloucester, Gloucestershire ****  **** DOE Plus Performance Related Bonus (10% of salary), Pension, 26 Days' Holiday (Rising to 28 days with service) Are you an outbound sales professional from a telemarketing or customer service background who can continually smash targets? Looking to develop your career with a unique company offering professional achievement and personal development? If so, this is the role for you. Our client is part of an established plastics manufacturer. With over 30 years' experience, they have a pedigree record in design and problem solving. They are currently looking to recruit a highly motivated Telesales Executive to join their team. As a Telesales Executive, you will be responsible for introducing and promoting our client's varied products to customers via the most appropriate media, representing the company as the primary choice in the market. In this brand new role, you will develop new business opportunities with existing and potential customers. You will support the commercial team and generate new leads and opportunities whilst focusing on key target areas and added value business opportunities. You will also generate high quality appointments with potential customer and coordinate the promotional activities of the business, generating leads based on target market research. Your other duties will include:  Reviewing contracts of completed projects to build database  Conducting market surveys to update knowledge about potential customers and competitors  Keeping accurate and detailed records of customer contact  Supporting the Customer Care Team to ensure high levels of customer satisfaction  Meeting and exceeding agreed performance objectives To be considered for this superb opportunity, you must have outbound calling experience in a telemarketing and/or customer care environment. Equally important is your first class telephone manner and tenacious attitude. As a Telesales Executive, you must be determined and selfmotivated with excellent communication skills. A fast learner, you will be highly organised and professional with excellent personal presentation. The ability to work to deadlines is key. Whilst not essential, experience in a telemarketing role within a relevant industry would be beneficial. To apply for the role of Telesales Executive (Lead Generation), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Telesales Executive, Junior Sales Executive, Telesales Advisor, Sales, Sales Advisor, Outbound Sales Advisor, Telemarketing Executive, Telesales Representative, Inbound Sales Executive. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TelesalesExecutiveLeadGeneration_job****