Title: Centre ManagerWork Programme
Webindex: 72447680
Company: Parkhouse Bell
Description: Fantastic opportunity to work for a leading provider of education, training and employment services. To manage a busy centre and enhance performance of medium sized team. Must have a minimum of 5 years experience within welfare to work, coupled with a strong commercial background. Company Parkhouse Bell are pleased to present an opportunity to work for a leading provider of education, training and employment services who have also extended its success overseas. Role The Centre Manager post will involve taking full responsibility for the delivery of contractual performance targets on the Work Programme. You will develop and motivate a team of advisers to work to their full potential and achieve individual and team targets. The role also requires strong financial acumen with the ability to produce and analyse financial documents to remain within budget and identify areas for development. Person The right candidate will: Have a minimum of 5 years welfare to work experience Have strong management/supervisory experience within welfare to work Have experience of working on the Work Programme – ideally managing the contract Be sales focused and also have a commercial background. Be performance driven and have demonstrable experience of exceeding KPIs Strong interpersonal skills to develop relationships with and between employees as well as stakeholders, subcontractors and local employers. Have the ability to produce and analyse financial documents. Hold strong IT skills. If you feel you possess the qualities needed to succeed in this role, please forward your CV now to kim.jacksonparkhousebell.com– an interview day will take place this Friday 18th January Parkhouse Bell Ltd is an Employment Business for interim, contract and temporary recruitment. We are an equal opportunities employer and act as an Employment Agency in relation to permanent vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CentreManagerWorkProgramme_job****