Title: Field Sales ExecutiveOnline
Webindex: 71171479
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Field Sales ExecutiveOnline ****K ****KCommCar Allowance Our client, one of the UK's leading B2B publishing companies is looking to recruit an Field Sales Executive to join their expanding and passionate team based in South West London. As Field Sales Executive you will be responsible for selling across our clients portfolio of online advertsing to key clients. Your enthusiasm and strong communication skills will develop and creating new business opportunities and continue strong relations with existing and new clients. You will also be passionate and target orientated. You will have previous B2B online media advertising experinece. To be a part of this vibrant media organisation you need to be a motivated and energetic individual with the attitude to succeed. If you believe you could be the next rising star within the media industry, apply immediately. Key Responsibilities of the Field Sales Executive include: . Selling across clients portfolio print of online advertising solutions . Developing new advertising clients by investigating the market and being ahead of the competition . Demonstrating the ability to implement a sales strategy and plan . Driving and maximising sales targets . Communicating client feedback to aid further sales and future products . Sourcing new accounts . Representing the company to the highest standards of professionalism and efficiency to all clients and customers Qualities we're looking for in the Field Sales Executive include: . Previous experience in B2B online media sales . A demonstrable sales track record within new business . Strong presentation and negotiation skills . Excellent client facing and telephone sales skills . Excellent communication skills both written and verbal . The ability to understand and articulate high quantities of new information . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . Work well underpressure . Good knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveOnline_job****