Title: Sales Manager at ABode Exeter
Webindex: 69991885
Company: Brownsword Hotels
Description: Where you'll be working: Centrally located in the heart of Exeter's beautiful Cathedral Yard, and formerly the historic Royal Clarence Hotel, ABode Exeter has built upon a tradition of excellence and quality to create the city's most exciting venue. The hotel offers individual, contemporary design allied with tradition and understated elegance. Bedrooms have been designed with a sense of luxury, with some rooms enjoying splendid views of the 12th century Gothic Cathedral. What you'll need: As Sales Manager you will need enthusiasm and an eye for detail in order to nurture and grow our Client base. You will be required to maximise hotel revenue and guest satisfaction by implementing effective sales strategies through the use of systems and processes that will generate the most profitable result in line with business objectives. In order to maintain our competitive advantage you will be required to actively promote the hotel through organising regular sales appointments and attending all networking opportunities. You will have already achieved success as a Sales Manager in a similar role in a stylish hotel Group. You will already be a proactive sales person with a proven track record of success in both nurturing accounts and business development. at all levels. What you'll get: We are striving for perfection, and our results are based on employing the right people. We believe that our staff should be nurtured, developed and encouraged to both succeed and progress. If you are already in the hospitality industry, or looking for a new career, we invite you to be inspired by our brand, our way of life, our belief in people and our attitude towards service. ABode is a great place to work and to develop your career in the hospitality industry. We are proud to be the recipient of the 'Best Places to Work in Hospitality' Award, a nationally recognised achievement. Employees receive an outstanding benefits package including an excellent range of local and online discounts for everything from days out to your weekly shop ABode Hotels is an equal opportunity employer. Proof of your right to work within the UK will be required at interview stage This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManageratABodeExeter_job****