Title: Unique and exciting opportunity for Executive sales staff/managers/Directors
Webindex: 68449766
Company: Streetdate Productions Ltd
Description: I am looking for ambitious and driven individuals to join my company. Initially you will be working alongside myself (**** year old entrepreneur) developing the market for a brand new smartphone app that has already been featured on the BBC and in the papers before it has even been launched This is a new and exciting project with an product that sells itself. You will receive an unusually high percentage of all sales you make which you should expect to equate to a minimum of **** per week minimum (OTE). Should you impress you will be rewarded with a promotion to Area/Regional Sales Manager/Director where you will make money off your own sales AND the sales of your team. This is not your normal sales/marketing job; as well as the usual f****f and telephone sales we will be touring universities and night life (with the aid of one of my other companies www.digiadvans.com) as well as throwing numerous launch parties throughout the country which you can be part of (optional). Effectively I want dedicated and fun people to work alongside me for a couple of months with a view of handing over the whole operation for you to run on an ongoing basis. I have a number of other businesses set to launch in the next 6 months to a year so the scope is endless and I expect/want promotions to be fast. Not only will you have a lot of fun along the way but you will also be set to make a whole lot of money and gain invaluable experience in managing part of/a whole company. I will ask that you have a proven and strong track record in sales, however if you are extremely motivated and have the desire to make a lot of money and can portray this to me, along with entrepreneurial flair, then please get in touch immediately. Being a graduate would also be a benefit but not essential. You can treat this as a short or long term appointment, either way please get in touch ASAP as we will be starting very soon and I only want a few people to start with who I can promote within weeks/months. (Ideally you will have access to Kettering as this is where the office is based. Hours are flexible with the option to work from home following the passing of your probation period. Please reply with CV and a paragraph or two explaining why you think my business(s) will benefit from having you on board. (Clear and fluent written and spoken English is essential). Please note; I want to create a family here and build as one, but most importantly I want you all to have fun and make a lot of money doing it so be prepared to actually enjoy your job I look forward to hearing from you.