Title: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE CONSTRUCTION
Webindex: 70675102
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE – CONSTRUCTION (STUDENT ACCOMODATION & REFIT PROJECTS) – BASIC **** OTE **** (UNCAPPED) – COVERING ENGLAND & WALES This is a new position for a growing multifaceted and innovative construction and developer market specialist. Established over 20 years and a specialist in Local Authority, housing association and student accommodation projects, this company has over **** of these organisations amongst its clients. They are now seeking to accelerate growth in England & Wales in the area of student accommodation and build future market, product and corporate development around the right kind of person. MAIN DUTIES – BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE The successful candidate will be required to:  Generate and follow up leads from planned company marketing activity and other business development sources.  Arrange appointments and site visits.  Close high levels of business and work to targets.  Account manage existing customers.  Attend Exhibitions and Trade shows.  Organise quotations and proposals.  Provide high quality contact, (CRM), and financial forecasting information.  Provide field based competitor feedback.  Provide input at regular sales meetings and liaise with office staff. KEY SKILLS & EXPERIENCE – BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE The successful Business Development Executive will have:  A significant and demonstrable track record in successful field based facetoface sales / business development in the construction sector selling to large public sector organisations.  Demonstrable ability to follow sales process, close sales and meet targets.  Proven account management skills and relationship building experience.  Experience in long gestation sales.  The ability to contribute to strategic thinking and planning.  An ambition to grow this position into one of significant personal and corporate importance over time.  Full driving licence. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.