Title: START IMMEDIATELY IN CUSTOMER SERVICE & SALES  BRIGHTON
Webindex: 69684314
Company: Pure Online Recruitment
Description: Sales and Customer Service Representatives sought in Brighton by this Sales and Marketing Company Are you looking for a new experience in Sales and Customer Services? Or are you an ambitious individual seeking a new challenge? If YES then this may be the opportunity for you This Brighton based Sales and Marketing Company is overloaded with new contracts, so are looking for individuals to start immediately in: • Sales • Marketing • Customer Service • Promotions They promote products and services on behalf of leading brand clients to their customers and are a leader in their industry. Therefore, they seek Sales and Customer Service Representatives who thrive in the spotlight, have excellent communication skills and preferably a background in sales or customer service. Location: Brighton **** – ****K average earnings (uncapped) Great career progression is also offered for the more ambitious, coupled with coaching and mentor support throughout your advancement as a Sales and Customer Services Representative Please click to apply for this opportunity as a Sales and Customer Services Representative If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. The opening is varied, and does involve an element of facetoface sales with the general public across a variety of locations and media including at their own homes. As such, impeccable customer service levels are needed at all times. Please note that this is a selfemployed opportunity that does not have a basic salary, which allows for completely uncapped earnings on a 100% performance related basis. Pure Online Recruitment is a flat fee online recruitment company that actively recruit for the following roles: Sales Executives, Marketing Representatives, Sales Trainees, Marketing Executives, Sales Representatives, Marketing Trainees, New Business Sales Executives, Graduate Openings, Account Managers, Graduate Training, Promotions, PR, Customer Service, Telesales, Travel, Tourism, Advertising, Retail, Entry Level, Graduate, Call Centre and Telemarketing in Brighton. Ref: BRI****J