Title: National Account Manager  Fitness Equipment
Webindex: 68061405
Company: Ashford Knight Ltd
Description: National Account Manager  Fitness Equipment Location: Home Based  UK Wide The Role: A fabulous opportunity has arisen to join a worldwide market leader in Fitness Equipment, managing an established account base, whilst also ensuring new business development of major retail accounts. This National Account Manager role will involve selling a wide range of home fitness equipment including cross trainers, exercise cycles, multigyms, treadmills, gym balls through to fitness accessories. Selling to all markets, including department stores, major high street retailers and the grocery sector across the UK. Working for this worldwide brand, you will be responsible for working alongside the Sales Director to develop National Accounts across all retail sectors, throughout the whole of the UK. The ideal person must be a National Account Manager, currently selling sports/fitness related products, who is highly selfmotivated and strategic, to develop and win National Accounts UK wide. Our Client: A worldwide leading brand within the home fitness equipment sector. This company is one of the biggest names in fitness equipment, and have worldwide offices and distributor. Through aggressive growth plans they are now looking to grow the UK sales force and increase UK sales. Requirements:  Sports industry experience is essential.  Home based.  A highly selfmotivated National Account Manager who as well as having the ability to manage large accounts, must have the drive to win new national accounts UK wide. Package: Basic Salary: **** Basic  10% Bonus Benefits: Car, Laptop, Mobile Phone  excellent opportunities. Job Ref: **** Please note that due to the large volume of applications received we are unable to discuss individual applications. If you have not heard from us within 7 days your application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalAccountManagerFitnessEquipment_job****