Title: Door to Door  Field Sales Manager
Webindex: 68077378
Company: The Recruitment Solution
Description: Door to Door  Field Sales Manager **** per annum Brighton Sector  Sales The role Role Profile: As an Field Sales Manager you will be tasked with developing your own business network and working towards the clearly set criteria to take on a limited company within our wider network. You will have to work hard to make this goal a reality, the rewards on completion will spur you forward, and your Partner/Director will provide you all the support and training you'll need along the way. While you build your network you and your team will be working DoortoDoor across the Brighton area, speaking to residents and soliciting regular donations from them for our highprofile charity partners. Once you have a team of 12 Fundraisers working in your network we will appoint you to the position of Partner with Change Amplified. The OTE for the role is ****  per annum. Remuneration is based on a profitshare scheme whereby you earn for your own performance and that of those whom you're developing. During the first month in post we offer guaranteed earnings while you establish yourself in post. Key Challenges: The job is fun, enjoyable, sometimes challenging and therefore immensely rewarding. We use tried and tested techniques that result in consistent performance. It will be your responsibility to set the expectation and develop the skillset of those Fundraisers working with you by delivering consistent training and support. The greatest challenge is helping your team to remaining positive after they've been declined on a couple of occasions. Key Rewards : In addition to excellent remuneration, we offer unrivalled training and development programmes that empower you with skills that you can use in your career with us. You and your team will go home each evening knowing that you have helped UK charities in their work, which will always result in public benefit, helping those in need to live a better life. The company is made up of fun, outgoing and passionate people. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DoortoDoorFieldSalesManager_job****