Title: Mortgage Sales Advisor
Webindex: 71595839
Company: RecruitmentConsulatant.com
Description: Mortgage Consultant Whiteley, Fareham ******** DOE Essential Skills As a Mortgage consultant you will need experience of liaising with clients and lenders for a variety mainstream and specialist markets and a good working knowledge of the whole process from application through to offer and completion. You should be able to offer a high level of client care and demonstrate excellent communication skills. You should also be able to work individually and as part of a team and build strong relationships between Sales, Administration and Lenders. Job Summary To provide a quality compliant and efficient mortgage advice service to our clients at all times. To ensure that their expectations are managed throughout the process and their outcome is a positive experience. Be able to work under pressure, as part of a team and individually as required by the demands of the role. To be an excellent communicator and build sound relationships between all the parties involved throughout the process. To liaise fully with the administration Team to ensure a seamless process of the mortgage applications. Key Tasks Work with clients within agreed service standards. Establish courteous relationships with MME’s clients. Work as part of a team and individually according to the needs of the role. Establish good working relationships between advisory and Administration. Be aware of the potential for additional sales and cross sales. Ensure a high level of data input accuracy is recorded. Work with a positive outlook. Ensure technical expertise is shared with the team and with the Advisers. Ensure any potential improvements or amendments are brought to the attention of the management team. Work fully within the regulatory mortgage environment. Work positively towards agreed targets. Advise your line management immediately of any changes in personal circumstances that may affect your or our clients’ regulatory status.