Title: SALES BUSINESS ADVISOR, HATFIELD
Webindex: 69250887
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants Limited
Description: Sales Business Advisor, Hatfield. This is an exciting opportunity with an ambitious company who are looking for Sales Business Advisors to join their successful team in Hatfield. ABOUT YOU  Are you a customer centred, task driven individual, determined to achieve results with high professional standards? THE COMPANY Over the past 10 years, our client has experienced rapid growth in the competitive and fast paced world of telecommunications. They are looking to build upon their growth and success with an expanding product portfolio to provide SMEs with a complete range of business services. They are looking for individuals with drive, passion, enthusiasm and a strong work ethic to join their team as a Sales Business Advisor. THE ROLE As a Sales Business Advisor based at our clients office, you will be liaising with customers via telemarketing calls, ensuring a good level of sales activity along with data capture. The majority of this position will be outbound sales activity such as successfully booking appointments and acquiring new customers over the telephone. SKILLS ATTRIBUTES For the role of Sales Business Advisor, the successful candidate will have   Outbound telesales / appointment setting / business development experience over the telephone.  Confidence, drive and determination, with a will to win and succeed  Ability to influence and negotiate over the telephone  Ability to achieve set business goals on a weekly and monthly basis  Experience of working to set KPIs within a quality sales and customer focused environment.  Excellent communication skills and telephone manner, with a high degree of motivation and integrity  Ability to sell and provide valuable solutions in a consultative manner  Experience of using and updating CRM systems PACKAGE For the role of Sales Business Advisor, you will receive:  A basic salary of **** per year plus uncapped commission  typical OTE **** per annum  Good role training and ongoing support  Working hours of Monday to Friday, 9am to 6pm  Parking onsite If you are a hardworking and reliable professional with the ambition to take your career and our clients business to the next level, we want to hear from you HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Sales Business Advisor will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Sales executive, sales, telesales, business development,