Title: Sales Manager  South
Webindex: 66907659
Company: Selection Group Ltd
Description: Southern Sales Manager  ****k basic with a 25% bonus, fully expensed company car, pension, healthcare etc. This is a home based role based in the South East of England. Working for a leading European manufacturer of highquality protective packaging solutions. The role is focused on the management of key accounts and the generation of new business across various sectors. The Company The company is a leading European Manufacturer of high quality protective packaging systems providing high quality solutions into most market sectors such as technical, food, horticultural and electronics. Due the company being in the market for a long time they adopt an almost old school approach to sales and its process thus ensuring they remain focused and successful. With an established sales team in the UK, the company is now looking for a Sales Manager to cover the Southern part of the UK. This is a straight forward and down to earth business. The Role Reporting to the Senior Management, you will inherit circa 5million of accounts across most market sectors. The top 20 of these accounts are worth in excess of 50% of your business. You will develop and grow these accounts via maintaining the strong and existing relationships with all the key contacts. The company estimates this will take up half of your time. The rest of your time you will be looking to target and win new business opportunities across any sector. Culturally, I must stress that they have an old school approach to territory management that is fairly process driven thus someone who understand the principles of sales would be ideal. However, it is an autonomous role that allows you to manage your own business arena. They want someone who is hungry, dedicated and passionate about what they do. There will be an induction period for the right candidate. The Applicant The more experienced the better. You will be a Sales person through and through who enjoys what they do. You will have a background selling packaging into any customer base. Knowledge of several sectors as opposed to one would be an advantage as would knowledge of carton board, plastic or corrugated packaging. However, the company is open minded and is more interested in the person so a track record of developing key accounts and generating new business is of more importance. However, experience in packaging is necessary. They are looking for an old school Sales person who can manage and run their own diary and who has the tenacity and drive to be successful. Please forward your CV to andy.kilfoyleselectiongroup.co.uk or call **** **** **** Andy has 10 years experience recruiting Sales Professionals within the UK European Packaging sector focusing on salaries up to ****k per annum. Even if this role is not for you please call for a confidential chat and to discuss further opportunities.