Title: Venue Sales Manager
Webindex: 69670563
Company: Rock Recruitment Specialist Limited
Description: Based in Bournemouth Salary of **** up to **** A leading Venue/ Events organisation in Bournemouth are looking to fill a Venue Sales Manager role. Job Purpose Objectives  To act as the main point of contact in promoting and securing large national and international events in the conference and exhibitions sector at our venues.  To exploit the conference/exhibitions/event market, locally, nationally and internationally with the primary task of securing new business opportunities for regional benefit. Main Duties Responsibilities of the Venue Sales Manager role include  Leading focussed proactive sales initiatives.  Deliver, manage and exceed sales targets and key performance indicators through personal selling, hosting sales events and providing a at National and International industry events. To lead on presentations to win major business for the Town.  Responsible for overseeing the smooth day to day running of the sales section to ensure maximum occupancy and room hire rates.  Prepare reports, statistical information and sales activity plans for the purposes of forecasting and budgeting.  Facilitate and manage relationships with the venues recommended support services and other stakeholders.  To foster and maintain high level contacts with local, national and international organisations, corporate business houses, conference and exhibition organisers.  Responsible for building and maintaining sales databases for key markets.  To set targets for sales team. Supervisory/ Managerial Responsibility:  Line management responsibility for the sales team. Person Specifications: Qualifications/Training:  Good standard of education to degree level or equivalent intellect  IT skills MS office at least to at least intermediate level  Sales qualification (e.g. CIM Certificate)  Business management qualification (e.g. BTEC Management Studies) Achievement Experience:  Proven experience of promoting and securing large national internal events in the conference exhibitions sector  Proven experience of maximising opportunities and building and maintaining sales contacts  Proven experience in business development and account management  Experience and development of sales strategies and negotiation techniques  Proven experience of meeting and exceeding set targets  Proven experience of sales management and overseeing a sales team including target setting Knowledge:  Comprehensive knowledge of the national and international meetings industry, particular relevance to conferences exhibitions Skills:  Budget management skills.  Excellent negotiation and interpersonal skills.  Able to prepare and give presentations on a facetoface basis to a wide range of clients at all levels.  Ability to develop productive working relationships with customers, industry colleagues and service partners. If you require any further information regarding the Venue Sales Manager role or would like to apply, please send your CV. All applicants will be treated in the strictest of confidence. Thanking you in advance for your application.