Title: Senior Sales Executive  Print
Webindex: 71170798
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Senior Sales Executive  Print ****  Uncapped Comm Our client, a leading current affairs consumer title is looking to recruit a Sales Executive to join their prestigious London team. The title has a very long and respected history and is held in high esteem whether you read the title or not, it is an institution in itself As Senior Sales Executive you will be responsible for managing a portfolio of clients as well as business development of agencies they're currently not working with. With strong communication skills and confidence your role will entail a combination of telesales and strong face to face sales. You will be target driven generating revenue across print and inserts. Your ability to pitch and generate new business on a highly professional level will ensure a solid approach to developing new and existing clients. You will have West End agency and consumer media sales experience. This is an exciting opportunity to work for an exciting and innovative publications offering excellent benefits. If you believe you have the skills and qualities for this role, apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Senior Sales Executive include: . Generate revenue across print and inserts . Developing good working relationships with key agencies . Selling face to face . Acting as a central point of contact for key customers . Driving and maximising sales targets . Creating innovative ways in which to build business from individual accounts Qualities we're looking for in the Senior Sales Executive include: . Previous B2B media sales experience . A proven track record of working within a target driven environment and achieving these targets consistently . Experience of dealing with major West End advertising agencies and clients at all levels . A thorough understanding of print media and the market . Excellent clientfacing and telephone sales skills . The ability to work in a fast paced environment with the ability to handle multiple tasks under pressure . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . A key team player who is able to work in a team as well as individually . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesExecutivePrint_job****