Title: Inbound Banking Advisor
Webindex: 71169777
Company: INTERACTION RECRUITMENT
Description: Inbound Customer Service  New year, new job? Our client offers excellent benefits such as a quarterly bonus scheme. IMPORTANT: If successful, you will be contacted for registration assessment. We are currently recruiting on the following basis: Start Date: February 2013 Temporary to Permanent position Full time – Monday to Sunday (Occasional Sundays) Hours of work – Between 7AM and 9PM Rate of pay will be **** per hour Training 9AM – 5PM Monday to Friday for a period of 3 weeks NO holidays throughout March or April This is a great opportunity for somebody who enjoys working within a service driven organisation. Candidates will need to meet the following criteria in order to be considered for the position: Previous customer service experience is essential. The knowledge and know how of explaining policies and procedures to a range of different people in an effective manner is a must. A confident and professionaltelephone manner. Friendly, positive and polite when communicating with colleagues and customers. Has a genuine passion for delivering customer satisfaction. Ability to take on board product and process knowledge and apply it quickly. Ability to learn and effectively navigate multiple computer systems. Demonstrate the ability to work effectively under pressure. Flexibility and adaptability. Excellent time keeping, self motivated and reliable. The ability to remain resilient when dealing with unhappy customers. Good numeracy skills. You will be responsible for working as part of a large call centre team handling inbound customer service calls. Taking inbound calls from existing customers. Providing excellent customer service and helping customers with their everyday banking and savings queries. Providing an efficient and friendly telephone banking service. Explaining complex information to customers in simple and easy terms. Understanding customer requirements and establishing the facts around their current banking or savings needs. Positioning preidentified products and / or services to customers where appropriate. Working with colleagues across various channels to provide a seamless service. Working to call centre and customer service targets. Using customer databases and ensuring all data is input correctly. Adhering to FSA requirements. If you are unable to commit to ALL of the above, please do not apply. All successful candidates will be subject to a credit check and must be able to supply three years of continuous references, either academic, employment or any benefit such as Jobseeker Allowance. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/InboundBankingAdvisor_job****