Title: Swiss Business Development Manager  Media Intelligence
Webindex: 70028180
Company: ABR Associates
Description: Up to ****k Basic  Uncapped Commission  Benefits including: ****3 days paid holiday (rising to 25 days with length of service), Company Pension Scheme, Life Assurance, Company Share Scheme and Subsidised Gym Membership. About the Company Our client is the market leader within the Media Intelligence industry. They are part of a major ‘blue chip’ Media Communications Company and offer a range of services and solutions for clients including: News Distribution, Online Business Information, Multi Media Content and Social Media Monitoring. They are well respected and recognised throughout the world by Journalists and the general Media along with their Clients who consist of PR Agencies, FTSE 100 Clients, Technology Vendors, Pharmaceutical Companies, Banks, Government Agencies and SME’s. About the Role Due to expansion and growth our client is looking to recruit for a Business Development Manager to be responsible for hunting for new clients and developing relationships in Switzerland. You will be working towards achieving and exceeding monthly and quarterly revenue targets and be expected to keep up to date with development in the Media through current affairs etc. Although the role is based in London you will be expected to travel out to Switzerland to see as many clients as possible and to attend trade shows. There are fantastic opportunities to grow and develop within the company whether that be in the London office or overseas – all of the senior management team have been promoted from within and they only ever recruit internally for management roles. Candidate Requirements Proven track record of meeting and exceeding targets in a B 2 B sales environment Fluent in German, French or Italian English Experience of selling to Corporates in Switzerland Experience of working within Media, Corporate Communications, Online Information, Technology, PR or Social Media in a sales capacity is preferred Degree education Face to Face sales experience and presenting at senior level is essential Must be goal orientated and target driven Articulate and well presented Excellent Communication skills Team Player If you feel this is something you would be interested in and have the necessary experience please call Alex at ABR Associates on: **** **** **** or email your CV to us. We look forward to hearing from you ABR Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this role and specialises in placing candidates into permanent positions within Media, Technology, Conferences / Events, Business Information Communications. Website: www.abrassociates.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SwissBusinessDevelopmentManagerMediaIntelligence_job****