Title: Senior Digital Sales Executive
Webindex: 66930522
Company: FORMULA WON
Description: Passionate about digital media? Ambitious enough to want to join an award winning and expanding market leader? Motivated by stratospheric and uncapped OTE? Apply now then This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced and driven sale and solutions professional to join a leading marketing technology company. Their software solutions have won one, and been nominated for a number of major industry awards including, they have grown above 100% every year since their foundation are now planning their largest business expansion. The Role Responsible for maintaining and building the monthly advertising revenue exceeding revenue goals. Develop sales strategies and create and/or review sales reports, campaign reports and forecasts. Build strong relationships at all levels within agency or direct client and have an understanding the needs of the clients in order to expand the company s product foorprint. Working with Account Managers to ensure a good mix of new business and account management. You must understand the principles of marketing and advertising including product offer development, working knowledge of online customer acquisition techniques and CPM/CPC/CPA/CPL strategies, performance and directresponse advertising models and of course, passionate about the web and its potential for advertisers. Your Profile Experienced in frontline digital sales with a proven track record. Minimum **** year s business development experience, encompassing closure of advertising deals through media, direct marketing agencies or client direct. A positive team player attitude. Tenacious, upbeat, keen, numerate, and enthusiastic. Strong client facing/servicing abilities and confident presentation manner. Ability to multitask and negotiate confidently. Committed individual with strong handson sales skills. Clear demonstration of succeeding your sales targets. Comprehensive understanding of all digital marketing channels. Excellent commercial awareness strong understanding of campaign success metrics This is an excellent opportunity for a driven sales or business development professional to join a leading marketing technology company that has the most innovative products within the fastest growing area of digital marketing. Applicants must understand the principles of sales and marketing and be passionate about the web and its potential for advertisers. Please do not apply unless you have the relevant experience. Due to the high volume of applications only successful applicants will be contacted and if you have not heard from us in two weeks of your application please assume that on this occasion your application has been unsuccessful. Formula Won is a progressive, proactive and dynamic media recruitment consultancy dedicated to the media industry. We lead the market for the best permanent media jobs within: media sales, new media sales, outdoor sales, exhibition sales, event sales, conference sales, broadcast sales, ambient sales, marketing, media agency and editorial jobs . We also have specialist divisions that cover International jobs and Search Selection. All of our consultants have considerable experience in media so you can be confident that they will have your best interests at heart when finding the perfect role for you.