Title: Territory Manager  Medicale Sales  Wound Closure
Webindex: 70485967
Company: G2 Healthcare Resourcing
Description: Territory Manager – Wound Closure  Healthcare Up to ****k Base  High OTE  Car  Bens THE ROLE Our client is a global market leader in the healthcare arena. They are currently looking for a Territory Manager to manage their clients both new and existing. You will be responsible for selling our clients range of surgical products focussing on innovative wound closure products used in surgical procedures. The products are typically used in: Cardiovascular Surgery General Surgery Neurosurgery ObGyn Surgery Orthopaedic Surgery The successful candidate will be responsible for managing the existing accounts on the territory and increasing orders, whilst generating leads and referrals in order to grow the business. This is an excellent opportunity for somebody to make a name for themselves within a global market leader. THE PERSON The successful candidate for this role will have track record is sales. It is not essential that this sales experience is from Healthcare but a proven ability and the right attitude is. Our client may also consider a graduate trainee for this role with a strong degree in a scientific field. The successful candidate will be extremely driven and dynamic with good commercial awareness and the ability to increase order values and close sales. You will have a full understanding of the selling process, knowing who you need to see, what you need to do and how you will be able to close the sales. You will have good access to all the territory and will be able to manage your diary effectively in order to provide maximum coverage and to increase sales. You will be confident and quite technically minded and looking to establish a career for yourself in a global company providing fantastic career opportunities. THE CLIENT Unrivalled career opportunities Household name Strong Brand MultiBillion Dollar Turnover Reward success G**** Healthcare Resourcing are specialist sales recruiters for sales executives, sales representatives, account managers, business development managers, product specialists in Pharmaceutical sales, Medical sales, healthcare sales, Medical Equipment, Medical Devices, disposables, surgical tools, ophthalmic products, capital equipment, ultrasound, wound care, endoscopy, anaesthetic, cardiovascular, dental, pressure care, mobility equipment, urology, sutures, consumer healthcare, respiratory, infusion, optical, Trauma This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TerritoryManagerMedicaleSalesWoundClosure_job****