Title: Business Development Manager  Office Products, London
Webindex: 72394797
Company: Charter Selection
Description: Due to growth this highly profitable major nationwide innovative Office Products supplier seeks a Business Development Manager to build new business in London and the Due to growth this highly profitable major nationwide innovative Office Products supplier seeks a Business Development Manager to build new business in London and the South East. This is a solid and rapidly growing company, a specialist in it s field giving best in class service. It is seen as the market leader in this sector. Experience and skills required for this position as Business Development Manager  Office Products are as follows: Candidates must have demonstrable and successful sales track record in Office Products possibly as Account Manager. They must be able to show and back up any previous results against targets. At least 5 years successful sales experience Experience in selling Printing would also be an advantage Clear understanding of the sales process in Business Development expected Formal sales training would be a real advantage eg SPIN SELLING Experience and successes selling at decision maker Director level and in building, mapping and penetrating large organisations would be an advantage. Excellent communicator and presentation skills. Full UK Driving licence . Must be willing to travel around London and the South East Location: London or the South East but with easy access to their Head Office near Croydon. This is an modern enlightened company and offers real career opportunities and ability to earn for dynamic and ambitious individuals. Important Notice It is Charter Selection s policy, as a matter of courtesy, to respond to all applications within ten working days. However because of the high volume of applications, we are sometimes unable to respond to all candidates individually. If we have not contacted you within ten working days your application has been unsuccessful. Please feel free to contact us again in the future for other positions. Thank you.