Title: Recruitment Consultant  Sunday Times Top 100 Company  London
Webindex: 68076139
Company: Timothy James Consulting
Description: Role: Recruitment Consultant  Sunday Times Top 100 Company Salary: Up to ****k  Commission and Benefits and Incentives Location: London Are you looking for opportunities for development and career prospects? Well why not join the 2nd fastest growing recruitment company in UK? If company culture is what is important to you then we have the support, professionalism and fun to take your career where you want it to go. The Company Voted in the Top 10 Best Places to work by Sunday Times Timothy James Consulting is an innovative and dynamic place to work with exciting career opportunities. Due to the fantastic year on year growth we are now looking to expand our London team and are looking for driven consultants to join us. The Team Working in the London permanent team will see you joining an experienced group of **** consultants who are passionate about sales, client relationships and candidate management. You will be supported by a strong management team with experience and ambition to help you on the journey to build your career. We have high standards and provide the best service to our entire customer base and believe in partnering with people to help Consult, Engage and Deliver. Team incentives are a plenty, with nights out, spa days, trips abroad and iPads to be won. We work as a team, support each other and love to celebrate success. The Candidate What we look for in people that join our organisation is drive, commitment, and character. We will support you every step of the way in career but you have to want it. We have a diverse range of backgrounds in our organisation but we all have one thing that is the same and that is PASSION. What We Offer  Competitive salary plus lucrative commission structure  Strong, supportive company culture  Ongoing development with real opportunities for fast track career advancement  Reward and recognition including lunch club to fine dining restaurants, company holidays and all expenses paid team nights out. If you are fed up of working for a large organisation, working hard but reaping none of the benefits then this could be your chance to change. This is an opportunity that is not to be missed So if this sounds like the opportunity for you, send your CV to Ben Gill for immediate consideration. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantSundayTimesTop100CompanyLondon_job****