Title: Sales Agent  Aylesbury
Webindex: 68258796
Company: RAC
Description: Why work in partnership with RAC as a selfemployed direct sales agent? RAC has 115 years of motoring experience – more than any other breakdown organisation, and we are currently recruiting sales agents nationally in the UK. The Direct Sales Force This is a successful channel of RAC of over **** agents which offers the opportunity to buy memberships on a face to face basis in retail sites and door to door. The Role Our direct sales agents simply sell RAC breakdown cover in supermarkets, shopping centres, markets and car boot sales and door to door. Ultimately the role involves engaging with the general public, canvassing them and telling about our amazing range of products, building a rapport and selling to needs in line with FSA regulations on a face to face basis. No previous experience is required, but great sales skills and the ability to engage with people are a real advantage. Your character, drive and determination is most important to us. The Person We look for professional, selfmotivated individuals who want to earn a substantial income. You will be a passionate people person. Historically, applicants from a wide range of backgrounds including small business owners, ex franchisee’s, retired military and forces and taxi drivers have made a success of their own agency. Comprehensive Training Program At RAC, we're always thinking ahead. Which means, when you join us, you'll be part of a group that equips all of its people and gives them the training they need to get the most from it. We offer a comprehensive training program which is a residential course. You will learn about RAC, our products, processes and procedures to fully equip you to drive your own business. Our Experience Our industry knowledge is unsurpassed, our management team has on average over 10 years direct sales experience, which they love to share and will offer training and support to enhance your success. Mentor Scheme We want you to be successful, but understand that many of our brilliant Direct Sales agents come from backgrounds other than direct sales. With this is mind we dedicate an experienced agent to support you through your first months in the business. Our Commitment We invest heavily in your training and provide you with the equipment and technology you require to perform including: Sales stand, uniform, hand held terminal, marketing materials. We also pay for the majority of sites where you work including Sainsbury’s, Morrison’s and car boot sales. We also provide you with public liability insurance at no additional cost. The Benefits So if you're hungry to learn and earn a substantial income between **** and **** with uncapped earning potential and have the drive, RAC will work as your business partner. It’s your business so within reason you can choose where and when you want to work. The hours, ideally full time including regular weekends. Your commitment **** per month  agency fee. Ideally: You must hold a full UK driving licence. All successful applicants are subjected to CRB, CIFAS and Credit checks. So if you want to work in a company where people are proud to support one another and everyone's contribution counts send your CV to our dedicated recruitment line: Email: DSFrecruitmentrac.co.uk  **** You may have experience of the following: Sales Executive, , Insurance Sales, Business Development, Event Sales, Account Manager, Delegate Sales, New Business Executive, Advertising Sales, Marketing, Membership, Field Sales, Cold Calling, Territory Sales Executive, Lead Generation, Membership Sales, Self Employed, Sales Agent, Direct Agent, Commission Only Sales, Direct Marketing, B****C Sales, Business To Consumer Sales, Door to door sales, Franchisee, Utilities sales, Solar power sales, Home improvement Sales.Small business owner, Sales Manager This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesAgentAylesbury_job****