Title: Sales / Customer Service Advisors  NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED
Webindex: 66940831
Company: Pure Online Recruitment
Description: This Edinburgh based Sales and Marketing company is seeking at least **** Sales Executives for an immediate start due to expansion and huge client demands. As a Sales Executive, you will be dealing with all aspects of: •Customer Service •Customer Acquisition •Promotions •Sales •Marketing The ideal Sales Executive candidate will possess: •great communication skills •good people skills •the ability to work in a team environment •self motivation No experience is required as full product training will be given, as well as ongoing coaching and development. Location: Edinburgh, City Centre ****  **** average earnings (uncapped) Business Development Programme for the more ambitious. Travel opportunities available. Please click to apply for this opportunity as a Sales Executive. •All applicants must be willing and able to work in the Edinburgh area If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. The opening is varied, and does involve an element of facetoface sales with the general public across a variety of locations and media including at their own homes. As such, impeccable customer service levels are needed at all times. Please note that this is a selfemployed opportunity that does not have a basic salary, which allows for completely uncapped earnings on a 100% performance related basis. Pure Online Recruitment is a flat fee online recruitment company that actively recruit for the following roles: Sales Executives, Marketing Representatives, Sales Trainees, Marketing Executives, Sales Representatives, Marketing Trainees, New Business Sales Executives, Graduate Openings, Account Managers, Graduate Training, Promotions, PR, Customer Service Advisors, Telesales, Travel, Tourism, Customer Service Representatives, Advertising, Retail, Entry Level, Graduate, Call Centre, Contact Centre, and Telemarketing in Edinburgh Ref: JEN****B