Title: URGENT: IT Sales Executive Shipley ****kOTE (Nego
Webindex: 69001880
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: We have an exceptional opportunity to start working for a leading IT Solutions provider who is rapidly expanding their sales teams due to exciting growth throughout their office. With market leading accreditations, they provide state of the art IT Infrastructure to businesses across the UK. Working closely with partners like Microsoft, IBM, and HP, this organisation can offer advanced career growth and development as well as a friendly and outgoing environment to work in. You will consultatively sell to businesses across the UK to offer the most effective support solutions and services. Your role will involve both new business generation as well as account management so that you can actively develop your customer portfolio. This organisation will also encourage you to meet your clients so that you can build long lasting relationships. The ideal candidate will be currently working for an IT Solutions Provider so that you have a grounding knowledge in IT technologies. You will require experience selling solutions to businesses, and consultatively developing relationships. This position will allow you to ramp up your sales figures, but you will need to hit the ground running so that you can quickly enhance your earnings. You will enjoy an extremely competitive starting salary and a fantastic commission package which will also be uncapped. As you progress your career, there will also be opportunities to enjoy further benefits like car allowances, etc. This is a brilliant sales team to work for as they are outgoing, friendly, and will continue to support you throughout your career. Interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please contact me on (Apply online only), or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, for immediate consideration. Commutable Locations  Shipley, Bingley, Ilkley, Bradford, Pudsey, Leeds, Rothwell, Garforth, Wakefield, Normanton, Castleford, Featherstone, Sherburn in Elmet, Pontrefact, Crofton, Walton, Ackworth Moor Top, Knottingley, Tadcaster, Wetherby, York, Knaresborough, Harrogate, Bramhope, Otley, Bramhope, Guiseley, Yeadon, Morley, Batley, Dewsbury, Mirfield, Ossett, Horbury, Huddersfield, Brighouse, Elland, Halifax, Queensbury. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions