Title: Field Sales / Pest Control
Webindex: 72241573
Company: Townsmark Recruitment
Description: THE COMPANY Our dynamic Global client provide market leading business to business service solutions to numerous market sectors. This company foster and promote a positive working environment through excellent training and unparalleled ongoing personal training and support. They empower their staff to be successful so that they may enjoy a financially and personally rewarding management career. Very much a forward thinking company with many innovate ideas and products which keep them at the forefront of their sector. The company recognises that their premier asset and the bedrock to continued success is its staff. They are therefore committed to developing and promoting their employees for the benefit of both the individual and the organisation. THE ROLE Due to expansion this major blue chip company require a Business Development Professional to take over one of its premier sales territories covering Bristol and South Wales. Working for this division of the company offers a unique and diverse challenge, where as a consultative sales professional you are responsible for selling complete solutions B2B to a multitude of industry sectors. This particular market continues to be a lucrative growth area as companies are increasingly governed by strict health and safety and hygiene legislation. You will benefit from working with a portfolio of existing accounts. In addition you will have incoming business enquiries and leads from the local service team. To maximize your earnings potential however it will be necessary to strategically develop new business. REQUIREMENTS This company offer unlimited opportunities for those capable of generating excellent results. They seek someone able to demonstrate a winning track record and a thorough knowledge of the sales process. The right candidate will also possess a hunger to earn money allied to the drive and ambition to forge a career within a dynamic team environment. BENEFITS Basic **** **** plus 10% commission on all sales made from pounds 1. Company Car Lap top Mobile Pension etc. To apply for this, or to find out what other sales and management roles we are dealing with, please forward your CV to us at marktownsmark.co.uk or call Mark Allen on **** **** to find out more PLEASE NOTE I HAVE BEEN RECRUITING IN THE PEST ARENA FOR 15 YEARS AND HAVE OTHER POSITIONS AVAILABLE FROM TECHNICIANS TO SENIOR MANAGEMENT. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesPestControl_job****