Title: Digital Field Sales Executive
Webindex: 68099133
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: As a Territory Digital Field Sales Executive, your will be responsible for selling digital advertising across a number of established titles. Key responsibilities will include:  Sourcing your own leads, and converting these leads into sales;  Making appointments and meeting current and potential clients facetoface;  Working towards revenue targets and exceeding set KPI`s;  Managing relationships with previous clients in order to ensure repeat business;  Selling advertising over a range of formats, across a number of titles;  Creatively producing advert layouts, meeting the needs of your clients;  Ensuring all admin is completely thoroughly and to a high standard. The role is a complete sales role with an element of creativity  perfect for someone with a keen interest in marketing and a solid background in sales. The ideal candidate will:  Have a proven track record in sales  someone looking to make a step into field sales from telesales,or someone with an already solid field sales background;  Have experience in selling digital media;  Be hungry to achieve success in a sales environment;  Enjoy working towards challenging targets;  Be very creative in order to meet the marketing needs of clients;  Be extremely organised, willing to work hard and enjoy working under pressure.  Based on the South Coast; Our client is an industry leader in Digital Media and print, with a range of well established titles and a solid history of advertising success. They reward strong performance by excellent OTE and benefits. ****  **** basic salary  uncapped OTE  Car  benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalFieldSalesExecutive_job****