Title: Strategic Partnership Manager Express Parcels
Webindex: 66179041
Company: Freight Personnel
Description: National Manager  Strategic Accounts ****  57,000 Midlands FP/****/PW AN EXCITING OPPORTUNITY has arisen within the EXPRESS PARCELS INDUSTRY to work for one of the LARGE UK BASED PARCEL CARRIERS. The role is a STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP MANAGER which is a NATIONAL ROLE, but the successful candidate will preferably be based in the MIDLANDS area and will involve the Management of a team of Strategic Managers. ROLE SUMMARY Influences strategic sales account management providing direction and leadership to the sales organisation, at a strategic account level. Recruits, develops and manages a team of strategic account managers with responsibility for the overall performance of the team. KEY WORK OUTPUTS Oversees the successful implementation of plans within all strategic sectors and ensures optimal resource allocation to achieve revenue growth, gross margin, and product depth and retention targets. Provides internal reports to senior sales leadership. Identifies and develops strong ongoing high level relationships with existing strategic customers. Monitors the wider market, competitor activity and industry developments to identify risks and opportunities. Engages with Sales Managers to understand customer and industry trends and updates sector plans in response. Identifies resourcing requirements for strategic sectors and ensures the right calibre of individuals are being recruited. Assesses and improve internal processes to ensure that sales and operational efforts are maximised while still meeting profit, growth and quality objectives. Responsible for coaching, developing and mentoring a team of Strategic Account Managers and for the performance management and talent review processes. Provides strong leadership of team and facilitates a culture of sharing best practices across strategic sectors. High level of involvement in strategic new business acquisition and on boarding new strategic customers. Has accountability for all expense budgets and commercial decisions relating to customer rates and agreements within parameters agreed with the Account Management Director and agreements in own area. KEY SUCCESS MEASURES Achievement of your sales targets (team activity, customer retention, portfolio value etc.) Achievement of Strategic Account Management team development objectives. Development potential (and realised) of team members. Management assessment of focus and achievement relating to personal skills and knowledge development. Management assessment of contribution to sector business goals. Management assessment of influence and impact of behavioral contribution to overall business goals. ROLE COMPETENCIES Understands the corporate context Understands and manages sales account management strategy and change Understands and demonstrates setting up the account management team to succeed Demonstrates effective sales performance coaching Demonstrates effective sales performance management Understands crossfunctional working and upline reporting ATTRIBUTES REQUIRED ARE BELOW: Knowledge  Understanding of the carrier requirements of corporate (organisation s and the ability to form strategy by sector to develop business.  Extensive account management experience for Corporate Accounts  Basic Profit and Loss understanding  Knowledge of the carrier industry General Skills/Attributes  Committed to customer care  Proven sales ability  The ability to develop long term relationships and solve problems  Tenacious and target driven  Good communicator at all levels  Excellent team player  Commercial acumen with a proven ability to implement strategic plans successfully  Able to present complex information face to face  Adaptable and able to sell into diverse customer base  Ability to coach and develop a team of Strategic Account Managers  Extensive performance management and target setting skills  Able to recruit and train individuals Experience  Proven experience in working to and exceeding targets  Experience of managing, retaining and developing Customers  Experience of completing sales forecasts and budgets  Ability to complete a tender process and within proven success  Proven ability of managing and motivating a team to achieve objectives and offer a consistent level of high performance. Experience in the parcels industry Experience of working within a corporate structure Experience of completing Sales forecasts and budgets Qualifications  GCSE or equivalent in Maths and English  IT literate to intermediate level, including Word, Excel and Powerpoint applications  Involvement in industry bodies or professional associations  IT literate to advanced level, including Word, Excel and Powerpoint applications To apply please use the Apply link within this advert and your CV will be forwarded to a Freight Personnel consultant automatically