Title: Telesales and Marketing Executive
Webindex: 68258141
Company: I4 Recruitment
Description: Telesales and Marketing Executive Fareham Based ****k  ****k per Annum Our client is a Hampshire business based in Fareham and has been established for over 17 years, they are a specialist in undertaking Electrical Testing across a wide variety of business sectors and environments throughout the UK. With a wealth of knowledge and experience working under difficult and challenging circumstances. Covering all aspects of the electrical testing market with specific focus on Periodic Fixed Wire Testing and Inspections, Portable Appliance Testing (PAT), Thermal Imaging and Emergency Lighting, Our client has enjoyed continued growth by providing its clients with high quality tailored solutions and an excellent service. Their current clients include Foster Wheeler, American Express, Cineworld Cinemas, Sony and Waitrose among many others, and they have provided tailored and professional solutions to these clients. Telesales and Marketing Executive The Role: Are you exciting, outgoing and honest, and someone our clients will never forget. Our client believes that a company's brand and values should be distinctive and define the very reason it exists. Reporting directly to the Business Development Manager, Our client is now looking for a professional, highlymotivated, bright and outgoing Telesales and Marketing Executive. The successful individual will be responsible for developing new clients and email marketing campaigns. Working closing with BDM ensuring weekly meeting / sales targets are achieved. Telesales and Marketing Executive Specific Responsibilities  Achieve agreed targets in specific marketing activities e.g. appointment making and emailshots.  Running email campaigns from setup to follow up calls.  Outbound telesales to prospective business and generating own leads  Development and management of new business accounts  Management of a selection of existing clients and development accordingly  Marketing and sales calls to potential customers  Achieve agreed sales targets  Achieve weekly sales calls targets  Prepare professional proposals  Service customer requirements whilst establishing and managing pricing in order to achieve or exceed gross margin targets  Social Media  Update and develop Social Media  Maintenance of CRM database relating to customer contacts, prospects and proposals Telesales and Marketing Executive  Experience/Skills (essential): You will be looking to arrange sales meetings with prospective clients. The ideal candidate will need to demonstrate a proven track record in telephone based sales and appointment making. Ideally you will have worked or have relevant experience within an electrical environment, and be proficient in the appointment making process. The candidate will need experience in using a CRM (ideally Goldmine). The position is based out of the Fareham office so the candidate will need to commute daily. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TelesalesandMarketingExecutive_job****