Title: Key Account Manager  Pet Industry
Webindex: 69001643
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: Key Account Manager  Pet Industry Ref: **** Location: West Midlands/North Midlands/East Midlands THE ROLE: We are recruiting for a Key Account Manager to take up a newly created role with a well established pet product wholesaler who has a prestigious and highly credible reputation within the pet industry. Within this role you will be responsible for managing a well established set of key accounts on a National basis although the majority will be located within the Central UK region. This role will have a focus on relationship building with existing key accounts (Garden Centres, Pet Shop retailers, buying groups) but also trying to increase business with these existing accounts. In addition there will be new business activity and for this element of the role we do require someone with an ability to develop new accounts. THE COMPANY: Our client is a highly reputable market leader in pet products and is a key supplier to the main retailers across the UK. Their success is well known and their reputation for product quality, range of product and professional image within this competitive sector is enviable. As an organisation they pride themselves on being creative and receptive to everchanging customer needs and will go the extra mile to build effective customer relationships. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Must have previous experience working for a wholesale business Located in a central UK location Background in managing key accounts and developing long term relationships Strong customer development skills Proven experience in maintaining internal KPIs Commercially minded individual Excellent rapport building skills Innovative Thinker Excellent closer Excellent organisation skills Must be confident and well presented THE PACKAGE: Salary: to ****  fully expensed car (business and private mileage)  benefits Please email your CV We thank all applicants who respond, but please be advised that only those short listed for interview will be contacted. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career