Title: Sales Advisor Immediate Start
Webindex: 68715526
Company: Syntonic Global
Description: Do you have a passion for customer service sales , but want the opportunity to advance at a rate that you control? Is face to face customer interaction your speciality and do you want to take control of your career ? Here at Syntonic Global we are searching for individuals with a customer focussed background who are looking for the chance to develop their leadership skills and wish to be rewarded for the results they produce. Customer acquisitions and brand awareness is what we specialise in and by utilizing direct marketing and sales methods we have managed to create a reputation for producing outstanding results which has allowed us to represent many prevalent clients . Our record of dramatic results have created immediate opportunities for individuals who have a customer service background and wish to develop their self management, team management and leadership skills further. Those with customer service experience can expect to be given the opportunity to represent some of the most recognisable clients in the UK and will be joining the companies’ endeavours to maximise the market share for the client. With a customer service background and the confidence of working within a customer focussed environment, teamed with the full product training that is offered alongside this opportunity will allow you to become a natural within the direct sales and marketing world. You will be rewarded with earnings that are entirely based on a competitive commission structure that offers an uncapped earning capacity, and you will finally be reaping the rewards of your hard work. Successful applicants will be confident in the following; Strong communication skills Face to Face customer interactions Self management/time management skills Working within a target driven environment Why wait, if you feel you have the confidence and the personality to join this fast paced sales environment then forward your CV to Syntonic Global to be considered. The best individuals for this opportunity would be ideally over the age of **** and looking to fulfil full time hours . This is a self employed opportunity. This opportunity will suit individuals who have a background in sales, customer service, retail, personal shopper, admin, telecommunications, IT, marketing, Promotions, direct sales, sales assistant, floor manager, shift leader, store manager, retail merchandiser, warehouse, retail stockroom. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesAdvisorImmediateStart_job****