Title: Managing Consultant  IT SALES
Webindex: 68565057
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Exsurgo is a leading FMCG, Retail and Consumer recruitment firm based in Mayfair, London and we work with brand name FTSE 250 Retailers and Consumer Goods companies both in the UK and internationally. We are the largest and fastest growing in our sector (3.5 years old with **** employees) and names like L'Oreal, John Lewis, Harrods, Amazon, AS Watson and Unilever regularly call on Exsurgo's industry expertise. We provide recruitment services that are both contingent and fully retained, and provide project based outsourced recruitment projects for our major accounts. We actively search the market for the top talent in sales and category management, brand management, buying/ procurement, supply chain, merchandising, eCommerce, logistics, strategy and product development to satisfy an ever growing requirement from our client base. Over the coming months we will be strengthening our customer proposition by adding Digital, Pharma and Web Development specialists to our core products and will be hiring a number of individuals to facilitate this in early 2013. In order to continue our rapid expansion, we need to make 2 immediate hires within the Sales Team. Currently you will be a billing consultant/ senior consultant with a proven knowledge of the IT Sales sector in the UK, and be keen to evolve your career from sales to management. This will be a transitional role, and one where you will undergo our tailored training and development programme to be the best in class and ensure your earnings potential is maximised. There are no limits to outstanding career progression in this organisation. Essentially, you will have: Ambition with a winning mentality Strong level of education Excellent sales commercial skills First class verbal and written communication Confidence and the ability to engage at all levels Good attention to detail Strong social skills Ability to think on your feet In return we can provide you with an enjoyable, dynamic and challenging working environment, excellent career opportunities, uncapped earnings and the ability to challenge yourself against some of the leading talent the recruitment industry has to offer. Please contact (in the strictest confidence) Chris Ledbury, CEO on N/A or at chris.ledbury N/A .uk.