Title: Sales Executives  Birchwood Park, Warrington
Webindex: 68062560
Company: Evolution Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: New Year  New Start Sales Executives  Birchwood Park, Warrington Company Evolution is a rapidly growing, dynamic company with offices in the UK, Germany and Singapore. This is an exceptional opportunity to join an award winning organisation. As a result of the outstanding training, development and support we offer our consultants we were awarded 2nd place in the Sunday Times **** Best Small Companies to Work for 20**** . We firmly believe that our people are our greatest asset and we’re proud to be an accredited Investors In People Gold company. Join us and you will benefit from a structured career progression and accelerated earning potential. Role  Professional sales role  predominantly telephone based  Develop relationships with new clients selling IT recruitment solutions  Acquire vacancies , source suitable candidates and utilise closing skills to secure placements  Sell applicants to clients and clients to applicants  Busy, fast moving and dynamic working days . Skills Required  Proven Sales skills preferably in a business to business environment  Ability to be persuasive and sell in a consultative manner  Accomplished rapport builder with the ability to develop fruitful long term relationships  Strong negotiation skills  Commercial awareness  the ability to identify and capitalise on sales opportunities  Selfmotivation , will to succeed, vast amounts of drive, enthusiasm and selfbelief  Ability to work under pressure, handle a substantial flow of information and prioritise your time accordingly. Why Join Evolution?  Competitive Basic Salaries / Guarantees  Commission ranging ****  50% (uncapped)  Contributory Pension, private healthcare and free car parking  Quarterly incentives including European trips , monthly lunch clubs and additional holidays Certified Investors In People offering the best training in the industry Fast track into management  6 and 12 month courses to develop your leadership skills Hundreds of leads from companies who are recruiting  Generous advertising budget for use on all major job boards  Bespoke database with over 3 million candidates available giving you a competitive advantage  Flexible, open culture with no bureaucracy, administration or politics of larger companies  Unlimited career opportunities as we actively encourage consultants to build teams, manage divisions and even start their own recruitment company Evolution is based in Birchwood Business Park near Warrington. We are easily accessible from Manchester , Liverpool , Cheshire and Lancashire using the M62 , M6 or M56 . If you’d like to learn more, please visit our website: www.evolutionjobs.co.uk or apply today This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutivesBirchwoodParkWarrington_job****