Title: Sales Assistant, Birmingham
Webindex: 68597156
Company: Duco Global
Description: Sales Assistant, Birmingham About Us: Duco Global Ltd are leaders in providing promotional marketing and sales solutions to clients across the UK and beyond. We help our clients reach new customers, increase brand awareness, and develop their profile amongst existing customers. Our head office is in Birmingham City Centre and we re looking to grow so we can diversify our client portfolio and branch out into new markets in 2013. If you re looking for a place to get your foot in the door that offers product training and advancement opportunities, look no further We re looking to develop a handful of people upwards through a business development programme involving:  Sales and New Customer Acquisition  Marketing Research and Market Penetration  Customer Service and Client Relations  Leadership and Driving Sales  Administration and Finance  Business Management and Recruitment We operate in an environment that s resultsdriven, where people get recognised for their accomplishments, and we have fun The stages of the business development programme remain constant, but the rate that people advance through them is based on their work ethic, attitude, and desire to succeed. We work with a network of companies in our industry across the UK, Ireland, Spain, Portugal, Sweden, and Italy, so travel opportunities may arise from time to time. The initial stages of our programme will involve promoting and selling our clients products and services through instore promotional stands, large events and residential campaigning. Once you are able to product consistent results, you ll be able to assist in the development of others as you develop a team of people to guide and motivate. If your team is able to produce consistent results as a whole, we may offer you an opportunity to oversee a new client or a new market. Growth and earnings are performance based with new people typically earnings **** per week and those that have advanced earning **** per week. Sales Assistant Requirements:  You ll need to be 18 years of age since you ll be working independently and signing contracts on behalf of our clients  Our office is in Birmingham City Centre (near the Bull Ring) and you ll need to pick up and drop off customer applications here. This is also where producttraining workshops are held.  No sales, customer service or management experience is required, but it can be very beneficial in determining the rate of your development.  Similarly, no specific degree or qualifications are required, but they too can influence the rate of your development  Before a final decision is reached, you may be asked to spend a day in the field observing an experienced sales assistant For consideration: Please send your CV and covering letter to Katie, and she ll contact successful applicants to arrange an appointment. Please keep in mind that there are a number of people looking for work and although we have multiple openings, we may not be able to contact everyone. If you re available to start immediately, please state this in your covering letter as it may give you an advantage. Multiple interviews may be involved before we reach a final decision.