Title: Trainee Sales Representative
Webindex: 62005094
Company: A for Appointments Recruitment
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen to join this GLOBAL manufacturer of promotional ceramics who sell their products to high profile organisations such as DISNEY WORLD, FLORIDA. They are ideally looking for someone of graduate calibre or a good level of education and with some experience already, one year s field experience would be acceptable, but who wants to progress further and gain excellent training and have the opportunity to travel, not just in the UK but globally PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Present and sell company products and services to current and potential clients. Prepare action plans and schedules to identify specific targets and to project the number of contacts to be made. Follow up on new leads and referrals resulting from field activity. Identify sales prospects and contact these and other accounts as assigned. Prepare presentations, proposals and sales quotes. Develop and maintain sales materials and current product knowledge. Establish and maintain current client and potential client relationships. Identify and resolve client concerns. Prepare a variety of status reports, including activity, closings, followup, and adherence to goals. Communicate new product and service opportunities, special developments, information, or feedback gathered through field activity to appropriate company staff. Coordinate company staff to accomplish the work required to close sales. Develop and implement special sales activities to reduce stock. Other duties as assigned. ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in marketing events such as trade shows. Followup for collection of payment. Coordinate shipping schedules and delivery of merchandise and services. . KNOWLEDGE AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS Excellent reading, writing, and arithmetic skills required. This is normally acquired through a high school diploma or equivalent. Ability to persuade and influence others. Ability to develop and deliver presentations. Ability to create, compose, and edit written materials. Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Knowledge of sales promotion techniques. This is normally acquired through a combination of the completion of a Bachelor's Degree and three to five years of sales or marketing experience. Visibility requires maintaining a professional appearance and providing a positive company image to the public. Work requires significant local travel to current and potential clients. This requires the possession and maintaining of a valid and clean drivers license. Work requires willingness to work a flexible schedule and occasional overnight travel. It also may require travel abroad. WORKING CONDITIONS Working conditions are normal for an office environment however work requires significant travel and may require occasional overnight travel and weekend and/or evening work. PERSONALITY To be a successful sales representative, you have to be energetic, friendly and enthusiastic, and you must have a positive entrepreneurial attitude. We are looking for the candidate who considers new business development as his/hers key asset.