Title: IT Sales Executive / New Business Development into Retail
Webindex: 67638912
Company: Qualserv Consulting Ltd
Description: IT Sales Executive / New Business Development into Retail Keywords : sales, business development, new business development, EPOS, retail, purchasing, buying, warehousing, warehouse, store, shop, head office, front of shop, front of store, account manager Do you have 5 years experience selling IT solutions to retail organisations ? If so, a leading software house with over **** successful years in this industry and nearly **** consultants Sell our products and services to nominated verticals by identifying and closing profitable opportunities Develop professional relationships with prospect accounts to understand their business issues, constraints, objectives and success factors and then to identify business opportunities for our products and services. Increase awareness and credibility of our software and services within prospect accounts Other duties relating to the management of prospect accounts as may be required by our from time to time. Activities Develop and maintain written sales plans for active prospects. Plan and prioritise personal sales activities and prospect contact, managing personal time and productivity. Promote and sell our products and services in a professional manner to achieve targets for revenue and margin. Respond to and follow up allocated prospect enquiries and requirements. Produce proposals and quotations for prospect requirements, including liaising with 3rd party suppliers. All prices, margins and commercial terms to be agreed with manager prior to issue. Produce written proposals to our defined standards, and customised presentations for prospects using Microsoft Office tools. Provide feedback on potential future customer requirements so that Accord can be developed in line with market expectations. Liaise with Project management and implementation teams to ensure smooth delivery of new customer installations. Record, analyse, report and administer according to our systems and requirements, using Microsoft Office tools where not otherwise specified. Develop relevant product, industry and commercial knowledge, techniques and skills. Specific objectives may be set each year. Experience, Qualification and Skills Experienced in selling to multiple levels within an organisation especially senior level Fluent and articulate communicator who can instil confidence and build a rapport with key decision makers and influencers Consultative sales approach over long Selfreliant, motivated, tenacious individual with the ability to work well as a team player Educated to degree level or graduate calibre Must have good overall understanding of retail, and the ability to develop specific industry and product knowledge Full driving licence required Microsoft Office abilities Ideal Candidate Over 5 years successful sales experience selling IT solutions to retail organisations. (Would expect indepth knowledge of store solutions). Proven ability to open up new verticals Experienced in selling to senior management level Selfstarter, tenacious, over achiever Educated to degree level or graduate calibre Full clean driving licence