Title: Parts Sales Rep  French Speaking
Webindex: 71848602
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Parts Sales Rep  French Speaking Slough, Berkshire (office / field based, covering French speaking territories) ****  **** (OTE Uncapped) Plus Fully Expensed International Travel, Pension, Death in Service Based in Slough, our client is one of the largest Caterpillar dealers in the world. Acting as their official dealer for East and West Africa, the Middle East and Western Siberia, they offer their customers a complete range of power generation, construction, mining and materials handling equipment. Growing at a rate of 20% yearonyear, in emerging markets, our client has plans to double in size over the next five years. An opportunity has now arisen for a French speaking Parts Sales Rep to join their team. This is the ideal role for a sales professional with fluency in French and experience of selling parts or heavy construction equipment to work within a rapidly growing multinational company. You will gain international sales experience and have the opportunity to sell a premium product for a recognised Caterpillar dealer. As a Parts Sales Rep, you will be responsible for selling Caterpillar parts to French speaking customers. You will study the market and analyse opportunities and determine potential and prospective customers. You will also arrange meetings with customers and participate in contract preparation. Additionally, you will organise computerised databases of customers and communicate on a regular basis with them, compiling information regarding their expectations and demands regarding the quality of products and after sales service. To be considered for this role, you must have:  At least three years' experience selling parts and/or heavy construction equipment  Fluency in French, in addition to English Additionally, as a Parts Sales Rep, you must have strong verbal and written communication skills and be adept at engaging with people quickly and developing relationships across all levels. You must also have the mental agility to adapt to changing situations and customer requirements and be skilled at translating documents for customers and clients. Experience of export sales and international contract negotiations would be beneficial to your application. An engineering background would also be an advantage, as would basic Caterpillar product knowledge. A mechanical engineering HND or Degree would be equally favourable. To apply for the role of Parts Sales Rep (French Speaking), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Parts Sales Rep, French Speaking, Parts Sales Executive, Sales Executive, Sales Advisor, Parts Sales Representative, Sales Executive, BiLingual, Construction Sales Executive, Construction Equipment Representative. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PartsSalesRepFrenchSpeaking_job****