Title: Medical Device Account Manager, Sales, Field Sales
Webindex: 69526627
Description: Medical Device Account Manager, Sales, Field Sales Field based covering: The Wirral, North Wales, West Midlands, Derbyshire, Leicestershire and Oxfordshire Our client is a world leader in the growth market of medical equipment and integrated services. An excellent opportunity has become available for an experienced account manager with a background in medical sales. The Account Manager will have a proven track record in building strong customer relations and selling products into at least one of the following markets: NHS, Private Hospitals, and Care Homes. The ideal candidate will have come from a medical devices background and have achieved significant sales success in a field based role. Key tasks To achieve and exceed Sales Targets by promoting medical device products and solutions to existing and potential customers by individual sales activities, group sales activities (eg supporting trials, making presentations and arranging visits to reference sites) and negotiating individual sales with accounts. To plan and prioritise personal sales activities to deliver locally agreed KPIs towards achieving agreed business aims and territory plans. Maximise efficiency and productivity, particularly to optimise customerfacing activities within the designated territory. Take local accountability for an Account Management approach in the territory and be responsible for proactive and responsive customer care. Create, review, update and action Account Plans monthly via account meetings. Manage and support the purchasing process, including completing and responding to tenders and purchase requests, working with other specialists within the company as required on larger tenders. Maintain a level of Specialist Clinical Knowledge across the designated product portfolio to feel comfortable selling to specialists. Monitor and report on personal, customer, market and competitor activities and provide Relevant Forecasts, reports and information as required directly or within a CRM system. Attend when required exhibitions and events in the UK and possibly overseas, help set up and manage stands. Requirements Qualifications  It is an essential to have excellent written and spoken English. A medical qualification would be an advantage but not essential. Degree or similar level of education would be an advantage but not essential. Business Education: Preferred Sales Training, Presentations Training, Negotiating Training An understanding of selling into the medical sector in the UK, Essential  Ability to work in the UK and Full valid driving license Essential  Microsoft Office Skills namely Excel, Word and PowerPoint. Preferred Use of a CRM system Essential  Ability to travel with overnight stays as and when required. Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm)Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.