Title: Sales Manager  Motor Trade Job  Essex
Webindex: 71097650
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Motivation HR Ltd, Motor Trade Jobs in Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridgeshire and Essex. Our success our client based in Essex has a fantastic opportunity available for an experienced Motor Trade Sales Manager to join their existing team. You will be directly responsible to the General Manager and will be required to maximise sales and improve profitability, whilst retaining customers. You would ideally have previous experience in a management role within a Main Dealership. Main duties: Train, develop and motivate a car sales team. Setting sales targets, monitoring, encouraging and supporting the team to deliver on these targets Compiling and analysing sales figures. Continuously train and develop sales team through regular ****`s and appraisals Holding Daily meetings with the sales team to focus, help and concentrate on the day ahead. Skills You must also be able to motivate and get the most out of your sales staff Have an outstanding proven track record in sales Highly organised with excellent analytical and people skills Motor Trade experience is preferred for this role as well as experience in a sales management role. This is an extremely rewarding role where your hard work will not go unnoticed, you will have the opportunity to develop and carve a highly successful career within a market leading car dealership and be rewarded financially for your hard work. Contact Andy at Motivation HR Ltd on N/A or N/A or email your CV to andy N/A Visit our website N/A Motor Trade experience is essential. We also have a number of other excellent Automotive positions available in Cambridgeshire: Cambridge, Chatteris, Ely, Huntingdon, March, Peterborough, St Ives, St Neots, St Ives, Wisbech, working with other prestigious and volume dealerships such as Mercedes, Saab, BMW, Mini, Renault, VW , Land Rover, Bentley, Jaguar, Lexus, Audi, Ford, Peugeot, Citroen, Vauxhall, Toyota, Nissan, Kia, Mazda, Volvo to name but a few. AUTOMOTIVE RECRUITMENT AGENCY FOR MOTOR TRADE JOBS IN CAMBRIDGESHIRE