Title: National Account Manager  Gift Products
Webindex: 68061366
Company: Ashford Knight Ltd
Description: Location: South East Midlands The Role : National Account Manager required for highly innovative, forward thinking gifts company. The role will involve account managing a portfolio of national retail accounts including high street retailers and supermarkets throughout the UK. Reporting to the Head of National Accounts, you will have total autonomy in the role, with responsibility for designated sales targets and portfolio growth, enabling you to run your business unit cost effectively ensuring development of your customer base and an increase in growth and distribution. You will focus on managing high street retail chains such as Sainsbury's, Morrison's, Debenhams and BHS. You will also focus on generating new business with new clients, proactively sourcing and identifying new project ideas from concept to completion, be required to take a strategic approach to the role, developing strong long term relationships and partnerships purely at a head office level. You will work on branded and own label business, working with design and creative teams on new product development for total bespoke solutions for clients. Dealing with senior decision makers mainly at Buyer level, you will be confident and skilled presenter and negotiator. An excellent networker you will have an excellent eye for identifying and creating opportunities in existing clients. Will full P L responsibility, you will have the support and backup of a highly dedicated, effective and companyfocused team who will support you in all area's to ensure that you have all the support and tools necessary to succeed. This is a superb opportunity for the successful candidate. Our Client : Award winning gifts company. Now have an exciting opportunity for an experienced National Account Manager to join the team. Requirements :  Proven experience of working as a National Account Manager in the FMCG industry.  Ideally own label product experience.  Strong relationship builder.  New business ability.  Honest, reliable, trustworthy.  Work well under pressure.  Strategic approach.  Great networker.  Based in the South East, West Midlands or East Midlands region. Package : Basic Salary: ****  **** Commission: Bonus Benefits: Car  Health  Expenses  Benefits Please note that due to the large volume of applications received we are unable to discuss individual applications. If you have not heard from us within 7 days your application has been unsuccessful. Ref: ****B This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalAccountManagerGiftProducts_job****