Title: New Vacancy BDM IT Sales London ****
Webindex: 69004148
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: A brand new opportunity has arisen for an exceptionally driven candidate to join a growing IT Reseller. Concentrating on network infrastructure, virtualisation, and managed services, and working with HP, Cisco, and Microsoft to name a few, there is now an opening for a Business Development Manager to join their growing sales team. You can enjoy excellent career growth, and industry leading commission as well as a fantastic portfolio working within this organisation.  Your role will be predominantly new business focused, selling mainly to SME s and Corporate customers.  You will need to maintain great customer service by maintaining product knowledge and understanding customer needs.  You will need to hit the ground running, ande develop rapport easily.  You will benefit from ongoing support, and the flexibility to manage your own diary. The ideal candidate will have experience selling to corporate customers and SME s as well as working within an IT Reseller capacity for at least two years. You will need to be in a position where you are extremely new business focused and able to create and maintain a great GP record to benefit from an outstanding commission structure. This company can offer fantastic career progression, as well as added benefits like private healthcare. The basic salary is purely dependent upon the level of experience that the individual candidate has so it is negotaible. There is a friendly working environment with supportive managers and the chance to develop your career rapidly. Interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please contact me on (Apply online only), or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, for immediate consideration. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions