Title: Outbound Sales Executive – B2B
Webindex: 67956362
Company: Webrecruit
Description: Outbound Sales Executive  B2BCamberley, Surrey**** DOE Plus Commission, 25 Days' Holiday  Bank Holidays, Benefits Our client is a global leader in information security. They provide complete security utilising encryption technologies to protect communications, intellectual property and digital identities. An opportunity now has arisen for an Outbound Sales Executive to join their team. This is the ideal role for a B2B sales professional to join a dynamic, growing company providing ample opportunity to broaden skills and qualifications. As an Outbound Sales Executive, you will be responsible for generating and qualifying leads for our client's internal customers whilst identifying, initiating and nurturing potential business relationships. With your exceptional telephonic skills you will initiate telephone and/or email communications with prospects. Contacting prospects via telephone and email, you will meet or exceed your specified targets. Maintaining detailed communication documentation through our client's CRM systems, you will also ensure reports are maintained in a timely and accurate manner. Cultivating initiated relationships through the telephone and email communications, you will work in outbound calling specific areas and contact prospects following targeted marketing activities. Your other duties will include:  Qualifying inbound callers to determine the opportunity across any of our client's products Calling and following up potential customers Updating data fields based on prospect content and the company qualifiers Attending team meetings To be considered, you must have:  Previous B2B sales experience, ideally within the IT sector Proficiency with basic computer applications such as MS Office As an Outbound Sales Executive, you will possess exceptional communication skills and a first class telephone manner. Proactive and enthusiastic, you will have the ability to build ongoing rapport with customers at all levels. Although not essential, knowledge of CRM and Salesforce form would be beneficial. To apply for the role of Outbound Sales Executive (B2B), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Outbound Sales Executive, B2B, B2B Sales Executive, Regional Sales Executive, Sales Executive, Sales Representative, B2B Sales Rep, Telesales Representative, Telemarketing Representative, Telesales Executive, Telesales, IT Sales Executive. commission Salary: **** DOE Plus Commission