Title: Area Manager  South East c****k  car  bonus
Webindex: 72241392
Company: Pzazz
Description: Do you currently work in a supermarket? A busy fast food retailer? A well known pub chain?Do you thrive in a fast paced environment? Want to be able to fast track your career in a dynamic, expanding retailer? If yes then this is the opportunity for you As an accomplished area manager you will bring with you your aptitude to lead a successful team and a proven track record of high achievement. My client is one of UK retails more recent success stories. Already established nationwide and with new stores continuing to open, this really is a fantastic time to join their growing business. They now have exciting opportunities across the UK for experienced Area Managers. Typically each Area Manager will be responsible for a portfolio of **** stores within a given geographical territory. Commercially aware, you will be targeted on the financial performance of your region, as well as ensuring customers receive an interactive sales environment within the store and excellent levels of customer service. You must be passionate about motivating and leading a team, but most of all enjoy the exciting challenges that retail throws at you every day Successful candidates will need previous Area Management experience preferably within a fast paced fashion/accessories or extremely customer focused retail environment. If you have experience of managing a region with a turnover of 25 million or more and can excel and thrive in the fast pace of fashion retail, then I want to hear from you For your rewards, you will receive an excellent basic salary, plus fantastic bonus, laptop, mobile phone and company car. If you are a professional Area Manager and are looking for a new challenge, please send me your CV now on melpzazzretail.com We regret that due to current volumes, we are unable to acknowledge every application. All successful candidates will be contacted as soon as possible. If you are contacted, please note that, as part of the registration process, you will be required to provide us with proof of identity and proof of eligibility to work in the UK. Pzazz Retail is acting as an employment agency in regard to this vacancy. We specialise in finding great jobs for great people; our consultants handle a wide range of retail roles. If you’re looking for a fresh approach to retail recruitment, please contact us now. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaManagerSouthEastc****kcarbonus_job****