Title: German Speaking Digital Account Director
Webindex: 69599456
Company: Talent Quest Limited
Description: Client Profile Our client is a leading company operating in the Digital Publishing space. A new role has arisen for a German Speaking Digital Account Director within their Central London offices. A strong media sales or digital advertising sales background is required. This is an excellent opportunity to work in a fastpaced environment and as part of a great team. The role will primarily be MondayFriday 9am – ****:30pm, however the candidate must be flexible with working times in order to meet target deadlines, and in accordance with the market times. Role Description Reporting to the Sales Director, the main duties of this role will be: To source and follow up new leads in the German speaking market Continually build relationships with clients and partners Generate and close business deals Sell advertising to performance driven advertisers on a national scale Meet and exceed quarterly set targets Have weekly review meetings with the Line Manager Person Specification Educated to Graduate degree or above, my client is looking for a target driven individual with a strong knowledge of the German market, and experience within a digital sales / publishing environment. Essential: German native – excellent language knowledge both written and oral Proven experience of results in a B2B environment, with great influential and negotiating skills. Excellent communication skills – Able to communicate confidently at all levels. Selfmotivated, target driven and with a proactive mindset. Knowledge of advertising agency planning and buying process. Computer literate with a working knowledge of all Microsoft Office packages – especially PowerPoint. Experience of building and forging strong relationships with clients, in order to grow revenue. Highly organised – Time management skills in order to prioritise a busy workload. Desirable: Knowledge of CPM, CPC and CPA pricing models.  Sold media solutions across digital and offline media platforms Goodknowledge of English language Additional Information Talent Quest Ltd is a specialist recruitment consultancy service specialising in Digital, Media, Creative, PR, Marketing, Market Research Insight as well as multilingual supporting functions. Registered offices in the UK. We are also members of the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) and adhere to strict professional practice. We always strive for the highest standards of service however, with the number of applications we receive for some of our vacancies, it is not always possible to get back to everyone individually. If you do not hear from us within 4 days, it means in this instance your application has not been taken any further. We hope that you will apply again for any positions that interest you in the future. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanSpeakingDigitalAccountDirector_job****