Title: Business Development Manager AV Solutions
Webindex: 68180313
Company: AV Jobs
Description: The Opportunity An excellent opportunity for a driven, new business focused sales person. As Business Development Manager your role will be to uncover new opportunities, win new clients, close sales and ultimately add revenue to the company s bottom line. You will proactively approach organisations in the corporate, healthcare, education and leisure sectors, utilising cold calling, social media, networking (face to face) and sales meetings to win new clients. You will sell the company s Audio Visual and collaborative technology solutions to senior level decision makers in the said organisations. You will sell in a consultative way, gaining a good understanding of the client s business and their specific requirements and desires. You will have excellent sales support from highly qualified and experienced AV engineers and technicians, who can give technical backup in sales meetings, particularly when it comes to solution design and system specification. The company has an excellent portfolio of completed projects demonstrating a high level of systems integration expertise; several previous projects have won industry awards, giving you the credibility to sell and deliver highend solutions. You will focus your sales efforts in the London area, where the company has a well established office. Salary: ****K Basic, ****K Uncapped OTE  Benefits: Travel/Car Allowance Your Skills, Qualities and Achievements Must be a proven business to business sales professional with experience of selling AV solutions, collaborative technologies or similar consultative solution sales, such as video conferencing or unified communications. You must be a new business focused professional with the ability and hunger to cold call, handle objections and get sales meeting with senior decision makers. Must have a demonstrable trackrecord of exceeding sales targets, particularly new business. The Organisation Well established, award winning Systems Integrator with an impressive portfolio of projects completed in the Corporate, Healthcare, Higher Education and Leisure sectors. The company have an excellent technical team with expertise in the latest Audio Visual solutions, IP based unified communications, collaborative technologies and control systems. The company have an established technical team in London and are now looking to grow further by capitalising on the opportunities afforded in their markets. This role is a new position created in line with their plans for further organic growth. The Recruiters AV Jobs are specialists in providing a first class recruitment service for professional sales and marketing people, engineers and programmers throughout the UK and EMEA. Our markets include Audio Visual, Technology, Telecoms and Office Equipment. We have an established reputation  with clients and candidates alike  for keeping things simple, straightforward and uncomplicated