Title: Area Sales Manager  Abrasives
Webindex: 70460309
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Job Title: Area Sales Manager Sector: Engineering Niche: Abrasives Selling: Coated and bonded abrasives Selling To: 50% End Users in the Automotive and Pharmaceutical industries, 50% through Distribution Territory: South East  including Suffolk, but not Hampshire. Package: ****k Basic Salary, ****k OTE but is UNCAPPED. Car, Pension, Laptop, Mobile, Healthcare, Life Insurance, Broadband Consultant: Guy Marshall Company Info:  A market leader in the manufacture if coated and bonded abrasives.  A multinational, multibillion dollar company  They offer excellent opportunities for growth both within the role and to move up through the organisation.  Provide full product and systems training. Role Information:  Selling coated and bonded abrasives.  They sell to the likes of the automotive industry as well as medical, service centres involved with metal flat (polishing huge sheets of metal).  This will be 50% account management and 50% new business.  50% to end users and 50% through distribution. YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING  CURRENTLY WORKING WITHING THE ABRASIVES INDUSTRY  Time served or higher engineering qualification  New business solution sales experience IDEALLY YOU WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING  Be currently working for 3M, Hermes, VSM, St Gobain, Klingspor, SIA or Mirka  Will consider any type of abrasives background including bonded or coated  A polishing background Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. On Target Recruitment, now recognised as one of the UK?s leading sales recruiters, has achieved significant organic growth since it?s inception in **** The development of specialist teams each focusing in the key markets of Construction sales recruitment, Engineering sales recruitment and Commercial sales recruitment, has enabled our consultants to become experts in their field. Roles our sector based teams recruit for include sales executive jobs, area sales manager jobs, sales engineer jobs, national account manager jobs, business development manager jobs, sales representative jobs and field sales jobs. The sectors of Construction sales recruitment include; Bathrooms, Building Materials, Building Services, Coatings, Repairs Treatments, Heating Plumbing, Interiors, Kitchens, Plant Equipment, Roofing Drainage. The sectors in Engineering sales recruitment include; Capital Equipment, Control Automation, Electrical, Electronic, Fluid Power, Industrial, Instrumentation Control, Power Generation Transmission, Services. The sectors in Commercial sales recruitment include; Business Finance, Business Information, IT Telecoms, Office Contract Furniture, Office Equipment, Office Supplies, Professional Services, Rental Services, Security