Title: Business Development Manager  Securities
Webindex: 67304703
Company: Modis
Description: Business Development manager with experience within the Defence Securities market required to lead business development group within a world renowned Defence company. Leads capture efforts to secure new or recompete contracts business. Has accountability to shape and win new business through a balanced focus on customer value, the competitive environment, and the corporation's best interests. Develops capture strategy including business solution for pursuit of opportunities; identifies potential customers, competitive assessments, teaming suppliers, and pricestowin; participates in bid and proposal activities. Has responsibility to lead and integrate the assigned crossfunctional team and authority to direct team activities for the duration of the pursuit. Maintains ongoing interaction with business development Specific Job Description: The Capture Management Principal, will serve as a Customer Engagement Lead on the programme. The Capture Manager will assist customers with their programme build processes and capability/technology roadmaps. They will generate task orders by defining means to meet their customers' needs with our programme's capabilities. Our capabilities include product development, managed services, and technical consulting. They will work with the customers and endusers to develop customer requirements and mission needs. In addition, they will facilitate teams of technical leads, project managers, and functional experts in developing proposals for new or enhance capabilities to meet identified customer needs. They will present value propositions and formal proposals to current and potential customers. They will work through the customers' approval process to expedite and coordinate final signoff of task orders. Required Skills: Strong thought leadership across Customer Mission and operational understanding at Strategic, Operational and Tactical levels. Demonstrated Track record of converting opportunities into new business. Ability to establish and execute relationships with a diverse customer and stakeholder base with experience developing and executing Customer Engagement (CE) plans. Experience identifying opportunities, developing business cases, and managing proposals. Ability to develop strategic campaign plans and value propositions for customers. Ability to articulate programme and company capabilities into succinct, cohesive summaries and presentations. Ability to solicit, support and coordinate efforts of a diverse team of technical and functional experts. Successful candidates will possess a desire to be challenged and to contribute towards the success and growth of the business. In return we can offer career development, an empowered and supportive working environment and competitive reward package. You must be prepared to undergo a security clearance vetting process. If you wish to discuss this position in confidence or to speak to me regarding your situation then please don't hesitate to contact me.