Title: Accessory Sales Consultant
Webindex: 66587928
Company: RLE International Product Development lt
Description: RLE International currently have a position for an Accessory Sales Consultant to represent one of our automotive customers. Our Automotive OEM has asked us to provide a team of 16 accessories sales consultants in 16 different countries in the world. The UK is one of them. Through this programme, our customer s ultimate goal is to improve the sales of its original vehicle accessories via their dealer network to its end customers. It is the task of the accessories sales consultant to visit and improve the dealer network across the country. a. The main role of this person is to support customer s dealers throughout the whole of UK and assure that these dealers sell more accessories. b. The main activities of the accessories sales consultant will be training of dealership staff / improving sales processes / improving the display of original accessories within the showroom Responsibilities will also include:  Maintain close working relationship with dealer network at local and national level.  Develop and coach Accessories programmes for delivery into the dealer network.  Delivery of these programmes into the dealerships.  Monitor and grow the followon sale of accessories through the programme  Provide reports and advice / recommendations to Project Manager / Customer Management / Dealer Management.  Continually review existing processes and propose appropriate changes to improve the levels of service.  Communicate with colleagues and Project Manager to enable close and effective working relationship.  Operate in accordance with the current Quality Manual and Procedures  Respond to customer requirements as appropriate  Monitor process performance against objectives and take appropriate action  Making strategic decisions in terms of program running, resources, marketing and sales investments Specification:  Experience within a Accessories / Parts Department and in the vehicle sales areas  Demonstrable coaching experience  Demonstrable experience working in dealer environment  Demonstrable understanding of the processes and activity required to increase accessories sales within a dealership  Excellent communication skills  Selfstarting independent consultancy skill set  English fluent  Whilst educational levels are not important, a high degree of intellect and good numeracy are essential.  You must be computer literate and have a strong interest or understanding of cars and car aftersales business. A competitve Salary is on offer for the right person. Additional benefits would be : Fully expensed Fuel Card Company Car Laptop Mobile Phone