Title: Global Account Manager
Webindex: 68071165
Company: Pluris
Description: Global Account Manager  London A fantastic career opportunity has arisen to work with the fastest growing ICT companies in Europe, growth to date has been phenomenal and as a result they are now seeking a Global Account Manager. Based in London you will report into the GSA Director working in a dynamic, innovative and fast paced environment. Targeted on incremental growth you will have tremendous levels of autonomy across the business with responsibility to grow personal revenue and profits through strategic account management through global accounts. The Role – Global Account Manager Achieve and/or surpass individual core collaboration volume revenue incremental targets by effective account management and growth of an installed base, as well as looking for additional application centric growth opportunities across multilevel multiple business functions within the installed base. Represent business propositions globally (Countries, Services and products) for the account and represent the accounts internally. Work actively with all subsidiaries to coordinate business development leveraging client exposure worldwide. Drive business practices in order to respect agreements signed with clients. Negotiate global agreements in a way that secure and allow growth of the business. Be proactive in the presentation of new products and services for big clients and key contacts Identify and drive the sale effort to develop new opportunities for business. Provide customers with business analysis reporting that demonstrate a high quality of account management. Experience Required – Global Account Manager A minimum of 3 years’ experience in a B2B client facing new business or key/ Strategic account management role and proven record of target achievement. Thorough knowledge of all aspects of unified communications market and solutions. Personal Acumen  High energy drive, strong Leadership qualities and desire for continuous learning. Strategic Acumen Understanding the account’s business value drivers, strategic thinking, demonstrate understanding of account attractiveness factors, account business planning creative systems thinking capabilities. Relationship Acumen  Stakeholder management, multilevel impactful communication, team leadership, trust building, knowledge sharing and ability to influence without authority. Business Acumen  Application centric selling skills, value cocreation, forecasting, performance management, client risk management contract negotiation contract negotiation. Excellent telephone manner and CLevel client facing presentation skills (verbal and written). This is a superb opportunity working for one of the most innovative and fastest growing companies in the UK; candidates can only apply if you have a minimum of 3 years UK account management experience working within a CORPORATE arena. If you genuinely have a proven track record of over achievement and the ability to sell a complex solution please contact ross.walpolepluris.co.uk **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GlobalAccountManager_job****