Title: Regional Business Development Manager
Webindex: 68079231
Company: Mencap
Description: Mencap is the UK's largest learning disability charity providing a varied range of care and support services to people with learning disabilities, their families and carers. We are looking to recruit an experienced full time Business Development Manager who will play an essential part in enabling us to grow our business, support more people with a learning disability and extend our reach across both England and Wales. This is a home based vacancy which will require travel across the North East. You will be responsible for identifying business and tender opportunities and for ensuring that these realise their potential. You will have responsibility for initiating and building relationships with commissioners, and other partners, including local Mencap groups. This role will focus on promoting and selling our care and support services to individuals and other purchasers. You will work in partnership with other regional business managers and the wider commercial team to achieve an effective and cohesive approach to service delivery and development within the region and nationally. To be successful in this post you will need enthusiasm, drive and the ability to influence people at all levels. You will need to understand the rights of people with a learning disability and share the values of Mencap in your everyday work. You will also require proven business development experience matched with exceptional flair. In return we can offer you excellent career development opportunities in addition to an attractive pension scheme, mileage allowance, competitive holiday allowance, childcare voucher scheme and much more To download an application pack please visit our website www.mencap.org.co.uk or for application queries please call **** **** quoting reference EM11 and your details. Completed application forms must be received by 30th January 2013 4pm. Previous applicants need not apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalBusinessDevelopmentManager_job****