Title: Telesales Coordinator
Webindex: 71737506
Company: THESMARTLIST.co.uk
Description: LOCATION: Binbrook, Lincolnshire Rural Location  Driving Licence is really needed to travel. JOB TITLE: Commercial Coordinator SALARY & BENEFITS: Negotiable, 25 Days Annual Leave  Stat, Stakeholder Pension WORKING HOURS: Full Time THE ROLE: Commercial Coordinator The role is to be an essential team player in a busy commercial team, managing inbound leads and creating new business opportunities via telemarketing activity. You will be working for a company that specialises in recycling plastics and this role will focus on gaining new supplies. This will involve talking to a variety of customers where there is a business opportunity to buy and manage their waste plastics. You will contact clients and assess business opportunities then communicate with the commercial management team who will action these essential leads. You will also spend much of your time organising and recording vital information to manage supply. Key Responsibilities to include: Manage leads generated by Marketing Contact customers and collect business details and advise on service available Outbound Sales  contacting new and existing customers proactively Advise clients on what types of materials / plastics can be utilised Organise and record business information using company systems (Excel databases etc.) Communicate with Commercial Management team to action leads Work as part of a team to produce a vibrant sales environment THE COMPANY: Our client is a successful specialist Recycling Company with offices in the UK and the Far East. Providing plastics recycling solutions to industry. The Group buys, sells and recycles most types of plastics material. THE CANDIDATE: We are looking for a highly organised and confident communicator capable of managing a pool of valuable leads and an ability to cold call for new business opportunities when required. We want someone bright, energetic and persistent to help our team thrive. You will need to demonstrate good communications skills and confidence in contacting customers to develop sales interests. A previous background in Sales Administration / Telemarketing is required Key Experience preferred for the role: 'Can do' customer attitude A background in Sales Administration / telesales within an officebased environment Experience in B2B Telesales / Telemarketing A lively and enthusiastic nature and personality Strong organisational skills Excellent telephone manner An engaging personality with ability to build rapport with people internally and externally A reliable approach to work Does this sound like you? If yes then please hit the 'apply now' button. You will then be sent an online questionnaire to support your CV and application, please fill in the details and we will be in touch to advise you of the next steps. KEYWORDS: Sales, Telesales, 'Customer Service' 'Lead Generation' 'Appointment generating' 'Tele Canvassing' 'Account Manager' 'Business Development' 'Customer Accounts' 'Business Development Manager' 'Telemarketing Telecanvassing' 'Admin Assistant, Administrator' 'Legal Secretary' 'sales administrator' 'administration manager' 'office manager' Binbrook, Market Rasen, Wyham, Louth, Caistor, laceby, Grimsby Sales, Telesales, 'Customer Service' 'Lead Generation' 'Appointment generating' 'Tele Canvassing' 'Account Manager' 'Business Development' 'Customer Accounts' 'Business Development Manager' 'Telemarketing Telecanvassing' 'Admin Assistant, Administrator' 'Legal Secretary' 'sales administrator' 'administration manager' 'office manager' Binbrook, Market Rasen, Wyham, Louth, Caistor, laceby, Grimsby