Title: Sales Assistant  Retail Sales Skills Wanted
Webindex: 68697493
Company: Morton Solutions
Description: Sales Assistant  Immediate Start  Retail Sales Skills Wanted Norwich City Centre Morton Solutions is looking to grow due to high demand for our outsourced sales marketing services. We’re looking for a handful of people that can start immediately in an opening that combines sales, marketing customer service. Although no experience or qualifications are required, retail sales experience can be beneficial, so if you’re looking to get your foot in the door, look no further As a Sales Assistant, you’ll begin by learning how help nonprofit organizations gain more awareness and longterm contributors by promoting their brands and missions to the public. Once you can produce consistent results, you’ll have the chance to assist in the development of others and learn more about campaign management. As we grow, advancement opportunities are likely to arise, and we’ll look to develop people from within, so if you’re ambitious, we may have an opportunity for you to oversee a team, campaign or market Sales Assistant Requirements: No specific work experience is necessary, but we work with customers facetoface on a daily basis, so it’s important that you have good 'people skills'. (sales, customer service, retail, hospitality and related experience can be beneficial) You’ll need to be at least 18 years of age eligible to work in the UK. You’ll need to commute to and from our office in Norwich City Centre each day. Full time hours are preferred because the more you put in, the more you get out. Leadership and teamwork experience combined with a winning attitude can be helpful for those looking to grow. We operate in a resultbased industry, so a strong work ethic and desire to succeed are expected. We have a teamoriented office environment, but you’ll be working independently in the field, so selfmotivation and a competitive edge will help fuel your success. Growth and earnings will be resultbased, not senioritybased, education or experience based. For consideration: Please send your CV to Catherine for consideration. Please let us know your availability (immediate start or notice period, full time or part time hours) in your covering letter. We aim to contact all successful applicants within **** business days, so please be sure your phone number and email address are provided.  Please note: This opening is not based in a retail shop. We're interested in people with retail experience because we work with customers facetoface.  This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesAssistantRetailSalesSkillsWanted_job****