Title: Trainee Sales Executive  Reading
Webindex: 72445572
Company: Thomas James Recruitment
Description: We are currently recruiting on behalf of our client for a trainee sales professional to join their sales team. If you are looking for your first step onto the sales ladder then this role could be perfect for you. The long term aim is for the successful candidate to progress into a fully blown sales consultant within the company. You will be fully trained to help you achieve this and fulfill your own potential. The client is a leading software company developing solutions for email archiving, performance and security. Based in Reading but with offices in USA. You will be joining a small sales team of highly skilled individuals with the aim of exploiting to potential growth. The Job The primary purpose of the role is to generate leads/appointments on behalf of our sales team in our target market of corporate enterprise (**** plus employees) and to follow up inbound enquiries to obtain new business appointments. The role will be 80% new lead/appointment creation and 20% inbound lead enquiry. You will work closely with the Sales Manager on a daily basis and you primary activities will be: Prospecting via telephone to new areas in conjunction with strategy devised by Sales Manager. Contribute towards team pipelines. Achievement of agreed activity levels (for telephone calls, contacts made, talk time) on a month by month basis . A rranging appointments, where appropriate and to predefined criteria, for the sales team The person You will be driven and tenacious and have the capability to professionally fact find in order to pin point decision makers and book appropriate appointments. You should be able to tick the following with confidence: • Excellent telephone manner• Business like and professional• Ability to deal with senior management contacts• Excellent communication skills • Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications • Excellent written skills To apply, send your cv to the address below or for more information, why not give us a call? This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeSalesExecutiveReading_job****