Title: Business Development Manager  Programmatic Advertising
Webindex: 71852328
Company: Intelligent People
Description: Business Development Manager, Partner Manager, Sales Manager (Programmatic digital Advertising) London, ****k OTE ****k plus equity and full benefits. Working for a global consumer services organisation with hundreds of millions of active global customers, the Business Development Manager, Partner Manager, Sales Manager (Programmatic digital Advertising) role involves developing and managing relationships with agency trading desks, adnetworks and ad retargeters to grow revenue from real time bidding and programmatic digital/onsite advertising. The Business Development Manager, Partner Manager, Sales Manager (Programmatic digital Advertising) will:  Grow advertising revenues by working with key demand partners such as Agency Trading Desks, Ad Networks and Retargeters.  Package and sell the range of opportunities offered programmatically, particularly the Private Ad Exchange.  Develop and own programmatic relationships with Trading Desks and independent agencies in the UK market. Understand their business performance and utilise appropriate data to formulate plans to grow spend.  Negotiate and execute bookings with Ad Networks and Retargeters.  Build the presence and reputation, positioning as leaders within the Programmatic market  Evangelise the brand to key buyers, ensuring their knowledge is current and appropriate.  Help manage an effective crosschannel strategy and the development of programmatic advertising proposition.  Liaise closely with Agency Sales and Strategic Sales teams to ensure a joined up approach to market.  Identify and exploit opportunities to develop business from new categories or clients in conjunction with other sales channels  Become a conduit for market intelligence and use this to inform the development of the Private Ad Exchange.  Manage the quality of advertising coming onto the site from the Programmatic channel. Candidates for the Business Development Manager, Partner Manager, Sales Manager (Programmatic digital Advertising) role must have:  Strong media sales in a digital environment  Previous experience selling to, managing relationships with or working for a digital advertising agency.  Any experience or programmatic advertising or real time bidding is an advantage but is not essential. There are excellent opportunities for progression and career development within this huge brand. Keywords: PPC, Display Media, Account Manager, Ad Network, Advertising Network, Ad Server, Real Time Bidding, Contextual targeting, Retargeting, Ad Exchange, behavioural targeting, Google Display Network, Doubleclick for Advertisers, Yahoo Search Retargeting, Microsoft adCenter, Advertising.com, Adbrite Exchange, AppNexus, MediaMath, Turn, Criteo, MyThings, Next Performance, Invite Media. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerProgrammaticAdvertising_job****