Title: HOME ENERGY DOOR CANVASSERS  High Weekly Earnings, Hours to Suit You
Webindex: 62013770
Company: Castle Recruitment
Description: HOME ENERGY DOOR CANVASSERS  High Weekly Earnings, Hours to Suit You Opportunities have arisen as self employed Home Energy Door Canvassers within a very large and professional energy company. Nationwide Energy Services Ltd was established in 2005, in Swansea, South Wales and rapidly became a UK organisation, employing over **** people. From our head office, our contact centre helps ****'s of satisfied customers per day; claim the energy efficiency grants they are entitled to. The company is now seeking sales focused individuals. This is an excellent opportunity with commission earnings achievable **** to 200 per day. You will be given an area close to where you live. Talking to potential customers about saving energy and lowering their bills via a range of products including loft and cavity wall insulation or boiler replacement. You will then simply book appointments for surveyors to take things forward with the customer. Successful applicants will undergo an initial telephone screening process You will receive full training and is essential you are a self starter and are focused on being a success. You will need to be well presented. If you have the right attitude you will benefit from high earnings. You will be heavily commissioned and it is an opportunity to fit work around your lifestyle. Whether you are looking to do this on a full time basis or just a couple of evenings a week, we will be happy to consider you. Our client is looking for target driven individuals with a sales attitude. Interviews to be held locally. Send your CV to us now and we will then call you with more details . Nationwide Energy Services which is part of the Save Britain Money group is committed to a policy of equal opportunities for all work seekers and shall adhere to such a policy at all times and will review on an ongoing basis on all aspects of recruitment to avoid unlawful or undesirable discrimination. We will treat everyone equally irrespective of sex, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity, age, disability, race, colour, ethnic or national origin, religion and beliefs, political beliefs or membership or nonmembership of a Trade Union and we place an obligation upon all staff to respect and act in accordance with the policy. Nationwide Energy Services will ensure that each candidate is assessed only in accordance with the candidate's merits, qualification and ability to perform the relevant duties required by the particular vacancy.