Title: SelfEmployed Telecoms Sales Agent
Webindex: 69118046
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Cosine is the third largest field marketing company in the UK turning over in excess of 20m per annum and employing over **** people. Also, we are a part of the Omnicom Group, the second largest marketing communications organisation in the world, whose turnover is in excess of $****bn. We are industry leaders in managing quality sales teams who sell, train, advocate, influence and inspire customers to buy brands and products. As an award winning agency we specialise in providing people to work on behalf of organisations in different sales channels. We are launching Cosine Telecom, a brand new venture within Cosine. As a selfemployed telecoms sales agent, you will benefit from a vast amount of knowledge and experience working and selling in to the SME market. Being selfemployed, you will have the flexibility of managing your own work with the advantage of having our knowledge, expertise and data intelligence to call in the right areas, on the right people to provide them with the best Telecom`s solution for their business. For you, as a selfemployed sales agent it means the opportunity to earn uncapped commission through a company who can help you make it We will be utilising our extensive database of information to determine where the right areas are to be based and which type of customers we should focus on. As a selfemployed telecoms sales agent you can earn ****k OTE, but remember this is uncapped. You need to be sales focused and self motivated, with the drive to achieve in a selfemployed sales role and the passion to succeed. To apply we do require the following: Own transport Proven sales record, telecoms sales desirable but not essential We offer: High OTE ****k, uncapped Product Training Leads from an established database You may have experience of the following: direct field sales, telecoms field sales, selfemployed agent You will find all of our current vacancies on the Join Us section of our website. To find out about new vacancies as they arrive, Like Us on Facebook, Follow Us on Twitter Join Our Group on LinkedIn by searching for Cosine Jobs .