Title: Graduate IT Sales Account Executive
Webindex: 71857337
Company: Matrix Programme Project Management
Description: Account Executive ERP Sales Services My client is a UK provider of ERP Products Services to national small medium sized manufacturing and distribution organisations. They are looking for a skilled and motivated account executive or account manager to join their sales team with two primary purposes the continuous improvement of customer service levels and maximising sales for the customers assigned to the Account Manager. You will manage a portfolio of **** client accounts that use my client s products and services and your core remit will be to drive new sales from within existing accounts through the sale of addons, new modules, new functionality, new versions of the software, upgrades, and additional modules or new maintenance service contracts. This role would suit someone who is passionate about and interested in as well as skilled at software product sales. Essentially the client would like someone who has sold ERP solutions or parts of ERP solutions as a sales consultant, executive or account manager. If you bring different software product experience and have a 1st class track record with good academic pedigree and the right positive, cando and friendly attitude, then please also express your interest (perhaps supply chain, warehouse management, accounting, logistics, automotive or other similar software products). If you are a graduate, intelligent, ambitious, motivated, on the way up and looking for sales opporutnities in ERP systems, then this might be for you. Ultimately this role will suit someone with 05 years professional experience and is looking to get a handup, good training, gain good commercial experience and build their commercial credentials. The organisation is sociable, friendly, hard working and passionate about what they do. They look after their customers, are authors of the software, and can therefore deliver more effective clientled solutions than their main competitors who are resellers of other ERP products. The candidate will Communicate and meet with assigned customer contacts on a regular (and prioritised) basis Extend our reach within the customer s organisation to ensure we have a relationship at Board/Owner level Ensure all customer service issues are resolved in a timely manner with the customer satisfied with the outcome. Educate the customer on all the latest products and services that are available to them (with assistance.) Produce and follow up Sales Quotations or Proposals. Assist Finance with chasing any overdue debts. Ensure customers remain with my client and have no reason to leave on the basis of service or quality. Increase annual revenues from assigned Customers.