Title: Technical Sales and Service Representative  Manufacturing  ****K  Swindon
Webindex: 68064481
Company: Jonathan Lee Commercial
Description: A Technical Sales and Service Representative is required to work for an Automotive Coatings Company. Your role will be to support operational activities across a range of products from BodyinWhite Weld Shop Sealers and Adhesives to Specialty Chemicals, Electrocoat, Sprayables and Optima Service Packages. This will include the collection of data within all areas of the paint shops along with stock control and monitoring of all product performance. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES:  Actively pursue potential new business opportunities and to find and implement projects to improve business performance.  Provide daily interface with customer personnel from all departments and concern resolution for all products, showing the required flexibility to meet required customer targets or requirements.  To manage any onsite service packages and requirements as directed by Account or Regional Manager.  Proactively audit vehicles and processes and carry out, record and report any measurement and trend data required.  Participate in general customer car audits when required.  Gather customer line and process data, lab results, usages and dip slide results etc.  Perform stock checks, place weekly orders to supply chain to maintain stock level, ensuring all deliveries are booked in correctly.  Compile and issue internal and external reports.  Collect and send out any required product samples for analysis and testing.  Assist with new product introductions. The successful candidate will have: Strong Technical and Process Engineering knowledge, technical knowledge of paint application processes. You will need to show previous experience on working within a manufacturing environment and be confident in dealing with customers To discuss this role further please contact Richard Heaton at Jonathan Lee Recruitment on **** **** Application Deadline: 18th January 2013 Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Recruitment are those of an Employment Agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalSalesandServiceRepresentativeManufacturing****KSwindon_job****