Title: Field Application Engineer  RFID
Webindex: 68822692
Company: Redline Group
Description: My client, based in Farnham Surrey, design and manufacture a range of electronic instrumentation products. There products are used in a wide range of industries from Oil & Gas to consumer. Their products heavily utilise Wireless comms / RF / Bluetooth technology. They currently require an Applications Engineer to join their expanding business. The Applications Engineer will Interact directly with customers throughout the presales and implementation cycle, you will not only participate in the design and development of their solution, but will lead project based installation efforts. Field work will include onsite visits with key account managers during the presales cycle and installation activities during implementation. It is expected that the successful candidate will normally be expected to travel up to 25% of the time, with travel primarily in the EMEA region. You will also be the internal customer of our engineering groups and have a strong voice in verification and new product development teams. It is expected that your time in the office will be used for system testing, requirements gathering and the writing of specifications and program plans. You will also support key customer technical requests and program quoting activities with your system expertise. The successful candidate will be someone who excels in small teams, can lead others when required and provides a customer focused perspective to all aspects of their work. They will be able to clearly convey needs and stay focused on customer priorities internally and externally. Experience: •BS or MS in Electrical Engineering or physical Science or equivalent •Demonstrable experience working with RF systems •Project management training and demonstrated competency in program delivery •Demonstrated ability to install, troubleshoot and write supervisory software •Excellent communication skills with attention to detail •Ability to write user documentation, manuals and program specifications •Ability to work independently or in a small team environment •Self motivated, strong analytical and problem solving orientation •Experience in industrial automation or SCADA software preferred A competitive salary will be offered commensurate with your ability to contribute to our team. In addition, they may provide a supplementary stock option plan for high performers. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a rapidly expanding, technology driven company offering good career prospects. If you have any specific questions about this Applications Engineer role in Farnham, Surrey please call Lisa Hart on [blocked]. To apply email lhartredlinegroup.Com