Title: Account Manager – Corporate Learning & Development
Webindex: 68057714
Company: Frost and Sullivan
Description: Frost Sullivan was founded in **** and is a global growth consulting company dedicated to providing innovative growth strategies, market intelligence and corporate training solutions to a broad portfolio of international blue chip companies. With a client list that includes global **** organisations, emerging companies and the investment community, Frost Sullivan has evolved into one of the premier growth consulting companies in the world. The Unique Opportunity Due to continuing company success and expansion plans, an exciting opportunity has arisen for a commercially minded strategic sales professional to take ownership/generate new business relationships within the Learning Development (L D) division of Frost Sullivan. The corporate L D practice is dedicated to providing its international ‘blue chip’ client base with business focused/innovative L D solutions. This truly is an outstanding opportunity for a talented and entrepreneurial Account Manager, with the desire to achieve professional excellence within a consultative ‘business to business’ environment. Knowledge Experience The position of Account Manager is a mentally stimulating role which requires excellent business acumen and the ability to forge/maintain strong relationships with key/senior business stakeholders. The successful candidate will have a professional/consultative sales approach, with the drive, ambition and self motivation to achieve specific business objectives and succeed regardless of the challenge. A proactive, methodical and innovative working practice is essential in order to identify, develop and exploit new business opportunities. Essential:  Proven professional ‘corporate services’ sales experience, with a strong track record of success (new business development relationship management). The self motivation to individually identify/generate/exploit new business opportunities and nurture existing accounts (up selling and cross selling of deliverables). A consultative sales approach, with the ability to conduct detailed business needs analysis and appropriate the correct solution inline with a client’s specific business requirement. The confidence to present to senior business stakeholders within client organisations. Experience of selling bespoke ‘Business to Business’ solutions at a strategic level. Strong business acumen with the ability to forge and maintain strategic partnerships with both internal and external clients. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. A methodical approach, combined with creativity, determination and persistence Desirable: A degree level education or equivalent Experience and professional sales training would be a distinct advantage. Knowledge/understanding of the L D industry (including market dynamics/forces and an appreciation of the industries operating practices, structure and business functionalities) European language skills Frost Sullivan’s commitment, We have high expectations of our people. Our remuneration packages therefore reflect our belief that outstanding performance should be rewarded. As a result, we offer high basic packages and there is no limit to the commission that you can earn with us. Career Progression We believe in career progression. We therefore invest in training and career development with defined career paths available to those who succeed and demonstrate higher level abilities. If you are interested in working in a fast paced, dynamic and rewarding work environment and you meet the requirements of the role, please forward your c.v. and covering letter to hreurope.salesfrost.com Only successful applicants will be contacted for interview. You must be eligible to work in the UK for any employer. Frost Sullivan is an Equal Opportunities employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerCorporateLearningDevelopment_job****