Title: Specification Manager/Sales Executive  Building Products
Webindex: 69577417
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: EMPLOYER:Our client are a market leading manufacturer of building envelope solutions JOB DESCRIPTION: Area Specification Manager  Marketing a superb portfolio of specialist exterior building products via specification dealing with Architects, Housebuilders, Sub Contractors and Distribution Partnerts. The role is primarily project based and new business orientated, responsible for effective management of the specification sale, from inception through to completion. LOCATION: East West Midlands  West Midlands, Warwickshire, Staffordshire, Shropshire, Worcestershire, Herefordshire, Northamptonshire, Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire, Lincolnshire, Derbyshire CANDIDATE: We are looking for a bright, articulate and professional graduate calibre sales professional. A knowledge of selling a Construction related product or system via project based specification with Architects or Housebuilders is essential. Product experience is not essential. PACKAGE: ****  10% Bonus, Car Allowance, Mobile, Laptop, 26 Days Annual Leave, Pension, Healthcare Scheme  Fantastic Career Progression opportunities. For further information or to discuss your career options contact Steve Brennan on N/A or apply online.Apply online, including your current remuneration details or telephone us on N/A All applications are dealt with in the strictest of confidence.Pinnacle Consulting are a leading recruitment consultancy serving the Building Product sector. We specialise in Field Sales, Marketing, Management and Board level appointments across the whole of the UK. Our clients consist of manufacturers, merchants and specialist distributors. We have built up an enviable reputation over many years for listening to the very specific needs of clients and candidates and responding with genuine interest, enthusiasm and speed. The directors consultants are Building Industry professionals with actual experience of Field Sales, Marketing and Senior Management.For more information on over **** NATIONWIDE Building Product Sales Management opportunities and to discuss your own career options visit our website at N/A .uk This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/SpecificationManagerSalesExecutiveBuildingProducts_job****