Title: Senior Ad Operations Executive
Webindex: 71171140
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Senior Ad Operations Executive ****  ****  bonus Our client, one of Europe's largest specialist media publishers, is looking to recruit a Senior Ad Operations Executive to join their amazing London team. As Senior Ad Operations Executive, you will be responsible for providing technical support, operations support and campaign management services to the Sales Team and to the Head of Ad Ops. This is a fantastic opportunity for the successful candidate to work for a leading company. The Key Responsibilities of the Senior Ad Operations Executive include: . Support the Ad Operations department needs and collaborate crossfunctionally to support specific projects . Responsibility for inventory, optimising, yield management and troubleshooting technical issues . Managing and developing an industry leading group of online ad operations . Delivery of ad campaigns across the portfolio of sites accordingly to advertising specifications . Providing ongoing campaign optimisation and overseeing inventory and forecasting estimates . Developing and maintaining procedures for trafficking and tracking processes with 3rd party ad servers and clients Key qualities we are looking for in the Senior Ad Operations Executive include: . Previous publishing trafficking experience . Extensive knowledge of HTML, Javascript, Flash and other internet technologies . Understanding of ad serving software, such as DART (knowledge of Atlas Ad Manager or OAS is an advantage) . Excellent communication skills with solid written and verbal skills . The ability to relay technical concepts to nontechnical audiences . A good team player with previous people management experience . Strong attention to detail and the ability to organise and prioritise . Highly motivated and strong willingness to learn You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorAdOperationsExecutive_job****