Title: Technical Sales Consultant  No Cold Calling
Webindex: 71686215
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: Technical Sales Consultant  No Cold Calling A very long established and specialist IT solution provider has an opportunity for a Technical Sales Consultant to join a large, structured and highly successful sales team. The Company This business has been established for well over 20 years. They are highly successful, very much the leader in a specialist but also very competitive sector of IT solutions, and a trusted partner of a vast number of companies that range from FTSE 100 listed businesses to SME s. They are a Microsoft Gold Partner and backed by a huge US Professional Services firm. The Role In this role the successful candidate will be responsible for responding to leads that are generated via email, website enquiries and by phone. The organisation provides very specialist IT solutions and it will be the objective of the role to convert that lead into a sale, and where appropriate to move that customer onto a managed service plan. In the longer term, the objective of the role will be to manoeuvre yourself into a position where you are the Account Manager for a base of customers. Due to the technical nature of this organisations product, there will be an extensive product and sales training process that is likely to be ongoing for the first 46 weeks of your employment. In this role the strongest candidates have typically seen a promotion within 18 months and in addition to the basic salary, commission is paid on the closure of new and existing business, meeting KPI s and other internal metrics. The highest performers have earned **** in the first year. Essential Requirements Ideally you will come from a sales background and even more ideally, a technical sales background. However previous sales experience is not an essential requirement, as a bright, motivated and technically savvy graduate or college leaver will also be equally considered. In this role you will be responsible for selling a range of technical solutions and qualifying customers to establish the best solution to their needs, as such you will need to be someone that has a genuine interest in IT and technology. It is also essential that you are a high level communicator that enjoys using the phone as a business tool. A degree would be highly desirable, but is not an essential requirement. To Apply Please clearly detail all your relevant experience on your CV. Where possible, please use reference ASH****TP in the Subject Line of your application. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies.