Title: Fire & Security Service Sales
Webindex: 66574731
Company: Pinks TRS
Description: Business Development Executive  Security Systems Location  Field Based: Wokingham, Berkshire, London & Home Counties Salary: Circa ****k  Unlimited Commission & Bonus  Company Vehicle, Mobile & Laptop Job Description We are currently seeking an experience field sales professional with proven experience in developing new business within the Fire Alarm & Electronic Security sector. The successful candidate will have a proven track record within this field, generating Service Contracts for Fire & Security Systems such as Intruder Alarms, CCTV, Fire & Access Control Systems. Negotiating projects and tenders to a variety of clients  Business, Local Authority contracts / tenders and end users both residential & commercial. You will be taking and generating enquiries, providing pricing and quotations and launching projects. Ability to work under pressure to ensure targets are met. Job Requirements: Your role is to generate business and meet business targets. You will be working closely with The Service Manager & Company Director and given the opportunity to really make a difference to develop the Security Portfolio. You must be energised, a selfstarter and possess clear proven strategies to develop the portfolio. You will be joining a fast growing company, setting new standards of service delivery. The ability to travel around the UK for customer site surveys will be necessary and therefore a full UK driving license is required. Full systems and product training will be provided. Immediate availability would be an advantage Proven success in sales, and ability to demonstrate full knowledge of the sales process. Excellent organisational and time management skills. Strong communication skills. Full driving Licence. If you feel that you have the experience, professionalism, and drive necessary to succeed in the this role then please apply online in the first instance with your most recent CV and a member or our team will be in touch. Many Thanks