Title: Senior Sales Executive  IT Sales – IT Managed Services
Webindex: 71189737
Company: Howard Jackson
Description: Senior Sales Executive  IT Sales – IT Managed Services – Central London and Surrounding To ****K basic, ****K OTE Uncapped IT Managed Services International IT Services Company Central London and Surrounding Excellent benefits package, including healthcare, car allowance and pension Our award winning international client is looking to recruit an experienced Senior Sales Executive with a strong track record of closing large scale deals to FTSE250 companies. This is a superb opportunity for a Senior Sales Executive to join a world leading company that has long been established as a market leader in the IT Managed Services marketplace. In this Senior Sales Executive role you will have a range of IT Services to sell into a comprehensive target market across the commercial sector. What’s more, you’ll be working with the support of a team that has been proven many times and deliver very high profile contracts. You will be led by an impressive leadership team known for nurturing talent and producing first class sales professionals and managers. So this is a great opportunity to further your career if you so wish. In addition, you will be in a position to enjoy uncapped commission in a fast paced working environment where achievement is well recognised and rewarded. Furthermore, you will enjoy ongoing support from a highly skilled pre and post sales team and a marketing team focused on lead generation. Overall, to apply for this Senior Sales Executive role, you should be a motivated self starter with the following credentials:  Experience of closing IT Managed Services deals excess of ****K  A good record of winning new business  Familiar with IT Managed services environment  The ability to adapt your pitch to different vertical industries and clients  Strong communications skills, ability to negotiate at all levels Our client is looking to interview and hire within the next 4 weeks This appealing Senior Sales Executive opportunity won’t be around for long. So if you have the credentials and the drive to succeed in a fast growing IT sales sector where you’ll be rewarded with substantial financial gains and excellent career progression, speak to us today. To apply for this Senior Sales Executive role, please contact Colin Roberts. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesExecutiveITSalesITManagedServices_job****