Title: Technical PreSales Consultant (Microsoft Exchange)
Webindex: 72243041
Company: Mead Partners Limited
Description: Our client is recruiting a Technical PreSales Consultant with a s trong understanding of Microsoft Exchange and messaging technologies. They are headquartered in the UK, and are one of the fastest growing SaaS companies. They provide Unified Email Management services covering email security, data leak prevention, archiving and continuity solutions. This new role has been created to support their continued growth in the UK and Europe and is an excellent opportunity to work in a high growth company at the cutting edge of business and Internet software delivery. Our client strives to attract exceptional people who “have that extra something” and who “enjoy what they do”. The ideal candidate will be an experienced and professional individual with indepth technical abilities as well as sound commercial acumen and experience of working with sales teams. It is a technical consulting role supporting pre and post sales activities in the UK and European regions. Based in London, this role will involve an element of supporting our client’s partners and customers in regions such as the Benelux and Nordics. Your primary responsibilities would be to: Provide technical consulting support to prospects, partners and customers Correctly position products with prospects and overcome any technical objections Write technical responses to RFPs and make technical presentations Provide ongoing support for major customers and reseller partners Project manage technical implementations Support and train partner technical staff Provide post sales implementation support and training Train and develop reseller partners Our client would like to interview candidates who can demonstrate: A successful technical pre sales background Strong knowledge of Microsoft Exchange and messaging technologies A Microsoft certification A good track record of managing product implementations The ability to build on client relationships The confidence to manage risks, priorities and expectations Good leadership skills Superior problem solving and analytical skills Experience of taking ownership of customer issues and resolving them under pressure Sound commercial acumen Our client offers a highly competitive rewards and benefits package including private healthcare, life cover and use of their onsite gym. They are an entrepreneurial and high growth company and provide a wealth of career development opportunities. To apply for this role and in order to receive further information, please submit your CV highlighting your relevant skills and experience. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalPreSalesConsultantMicrosoftExchange_job****