Title: Sales, No Experience  Progression, Start Now
Webindex: 66937114
Company: Edge Advertising
Description: Sales, No Experience  Progression, Start Now Due to recent success within our sales and promotions sector, we are currently recruiting for roles in sales, promotions and team leadership. This established sales and marketing company prides itself in delivering high standards and offers opportunity for both personal and business advancement. We are looking for ambitious individuals who want to take their career to the next level. Self motivation towards hard work and responsibility is a must. As well as providing ongoing sales coaching and one on one mentoring to help develop both business leadership skills and progression, we also introduce you to new skills in promotions and sales. Levels of responsibility are rewarded on individual merit as well as criteria based progression. This is an exciting opportunity for anyone who has a flair for dealing with people, with a drive to succeed in a sales representation role. Whether you have years of experience or are looking to gain new skills, we can offer full product training, however individuals should be confident, self motivated and driven towards high promotions and sales targets. Fantastic opportunity to work towards an NVQ Qualification ****  **** per week  Average Earnings Apply Online Now PLEASE NOTE THAT ALL APPLICANTS MUST LIVE IN THE UK  NEWCASTLE AREA AND BE ABLE TO COMMUTE TO OUR OFFICE IN NEWCASTLE CITY CENTRE DAILY. WE ARE UNABLE TO SPONSOR APPLICANTS WHO ARE NOT EU CITIZENS. IMMEDIATE STARTS AVAILABLE. Please note that all openings are sales based in the field with income purely based on performance, the harder you work the greater your rewards, which includes face to face customer service and promotions work. There are also business development opportunities for the more ambitious that achieve consistent high quality sales. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesNoExperienceProgressionStartNow_job****