Title: Regional Sales Manager  Building Products
Webindex: 69799176
Company: PINNACLE CONSULTING
Description: EMPLOYER: Our client are a high profile, blue chip manufacturer in the Building products. Part of a major Global Group offering a great range of products and services in over 40 Countries worldwide. JOB DESCRIPTION:  REGIONAL SALES MANAGER  Builders Merchant sector.  You will charged with delivery of sales budgets for the Northern Region.  Managing a team of sales professionals responsible for selling a range of interior based building materials to the Builders Merchants market sector. Working with companies such as Travis Perkins, Jewsons, Buildbase, Build Centre and a range of Independents Merchants and Buying Groups.  Your key function will be to develop, manage and motivate your team to achieve strategic growth in sales, progressing market share. LOCATION: North  Covering Greater Manchester, Lancashire, Cheshire, Merseyside, Cumbria, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, East Yorkshire, Co. Durham, Cleveland, Tyne Wear, Northumberland, Staffordshire, Shropshire CANDIDATE: We are looking for an experienced, structured and strong manmanager. You must demonstrate a track record for managing successful external sales teams within the building products sector with ability to create and develop excellent strategy and business plans for growth. It is highly advantageous to hold knowledge of selling to the builders merchant sector and any contacts in this would certainly be helpful also. Overall this is a structured blue chip company and we are looking for a high calibre individual to represent this Global Brand. PACKAGE: ****K (Maybe be flexible to attract the best)  25% Bonus, Company Car, Healthcare, 25 Days  stat, Mobile, Laptop. Apply online, including your current remuneration details or telephone us on **** **** All applications are dealt with in the strictest of confidence. Pinnacle Consulting are a leading recruitment consultancy serving the Building Product sector. We specialise in Field Sales, Marketing, Management and Board level appointments across the whole of the UK. Our clients consist of manufacturers, merchants and specialist distributors. We have built up an enviable reputation over many years for listening to the very specific needs of clients and candidates and responding with genuine interest, enthusiasm and speed. The directors consultants are Building Industry professionals with actual experience of Field Sales, Marketing and Senior Management. For more information on over **** NATIONWIDE Building Product Sales Management opportunities and to discuss your own career options visit our website at www.pinnacleconsulting.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalSalesManagerBuildingProducts_job****