Title: Recruitment Consultant  Employability
Webindex: 55415780
Company: JOBG8
Description: Employer Partnership Coordinator Starting salary of **** • Leading Welfare to Work organisation delivering the Government’s Work Programme • Employer focussed role focussing on building and maintaining strong relationships with employers in the local area to secure vacancies for Work Programme clients • A Recruitment, Sales or Welfare to Work background is essential as this role is crucial to the success of this operation. The Company Parkhouse Bell are delighted to be recruiting on behalf of a leading Welfare to Work organisation delivering The Work Programme on behalf of the Government. The organisation helps the unemployed into sustainable, meaningful work across the UK and is considered a worldwide leader in their field. Our client can offer unparalleled opportunity for advancement, industry leading salaries and exceptional benefits for their staff. The Role This is an integral role within a high achieving team. You will be responsible to engaging with employers in the Livingston area, explaining the benefits of recruiting their staff though the Work Programme and ensuring that you secure vacancies that meet the needs and aspirations of the job seekers on the programme. You will be targeted to raise awareness in the business community, building relationships with employers who can offer both temporary and permanent opportunities to your clients and passing these on to your colleagues. You will then be instrumental in filling the vacancies by running group information sessions and effectively matching clients to the opportunities ensuring that the employers requirements are met. The Person We are inviting applications from Recruiters who still have a passion for Business Development and are able to deliver results on behalf of a team and not just individually. You should come from either a Recruitment of Employer facing Welfare to Work background and preferably have some local knowledge. As this is a Government programme we would like to attract applicants who have high levels of integrity and can work in an environment where compliance is as important as sales. In return for your dedication, my client offers a competitive starting salary of **** with the option to increase to **** should you consistently over deliver. Medical, Dental and Pension are just a few of the benefits you would expect from an industry leader along with unrivalled progression for ambition employees. Please note that successful candidates will require a Disclosure Scotland Check to be performed. A full driving licence and access to a car is a requirement of this post – business mileage will be paid