Title: Multilingual Support Executive North West Manchester ****
Webindex: 69539807
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Our client is seeking a talented individual to join their growing office in Manchester. You will join an IT company which sells products throughout Europe and continues to offer the most market leading solutions. You will be responsible for the Support and Sales Administration of the French Account Management team. This will be a diverse role in order to develop a multitude of leading industry skills. You will be responsible for liaising with global IT Suppliers within the UK, and US to negotiate suitable prices. You will also work closely with French Business accounts, to fulfil their requirements, including orders, quotes, and essentially customer enquiries. Consequently, you will become An integral part of this team and an invaluable asset to the organisation. Requirements:  Fluent in English with the capability to speak a business level of French and deal with enquiries from French Business customers.  Confident and motivated by challenges to negotiate and liaise with suppliers.  Meticulous work attitude to pay attention to detail and provide excellent administration. You will enjoy working for a friendly team within a growing and stable organisation. Due to ongoing development, you will also enjoy further training and career progression. There will be a competitive starting salary with regular pay reviews and the chance to increase your earnings through bonuses. This is an urgent vacancy and they are considering candidates immediately, so please send your CV directly . Alternatively, you can call me on **** to discuss further opportunities. Commutable Locations  Manchester, Salford, AshtonunderLyne, Stockport, Altrincham, Bolton, Oldham, Rochdale, Bury, Middleton, Chadderton, Swinton, Pendlebury, Whitefield, Droylsden, Audenshaw, Cheadle, Gatley, Sale, Partington, Urmston, Stretford, Eccles, Worsley. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions