Title: Sales Consultant  Merseyside and the surrounding areas
Webindex: 68056646
Company: The Student Support Centre   Cheshire
Description: Sales Consultant The Student Support Centre , the UK Market leader in providing Home Study Tuition Courses in Maths English, are looking to expand their team of SelfEmployed Sales Consultants. Sales Consultants visit families in their own home on prequalified appointments to demonstrate our unique home study courses. Appointments are on weekday evenings between 4.00pm and 7.00pm, and between 10.00am and 4.00pm on Saturdays and Sundays. You would need to be available for a minimum of **** appointments per week. We have an excellent conversion rate due to the strength of our programme, with the majority of our enquiries generated either by liaison with local schools or by referrals. Many of our Sales Consultants have worked with us for many years, receiving unbeatable job satisfaction gained from contributing to children's educational progress and by working within an ethical sales company. Successful Consultants generally come from a Direct Sales, B2B Sales or Senior General Management . Previous Sales experience is unecessary as full training is given. After the initial training course you will receive personal indepth support for your first three months to enable you to become fully effective in this role as quickly as possible. Our Maths, English Reading Programmes support the school curriculum from the age of 4 years through to GCSE. Enrolled families are also able to access individual support via tutors and online assessments to support their use of the programme. Please be aware that this is a 'selfemployed' position. Would you be willing to work with us on a selfemployed basis? Are you highly ethical? Are you dedicated and conscientious? Can you operate with total honesty and integrity? Please be aware that as you will be covering the local area we are only considering candidates who own a vehicle. Are you a car owner? If you answered yes to all of these questions we would like to hear from you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesConsultantMerseysideandthesurroundingareas_job****