Title: Business Development Executive Security, Workforce Management
Webindex: 66886836
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: Business Development Executive  Security, Workforce Management, Biometric Access Control, Construction Software  UK Ref: **** Location: National/UK Role, West Midlands, East Midlands, London, South East, South THE ROLE: A Business Development Executive position, covering a sales territory of the whole of UK has arisen with a highly advanced technology company that manufactures their own stateofart Biometric Access Control and Workforce Management Systems for the Construction industry. The products help many construction sites to increase Health total control over workforce and site security has created an additional position in the company. This company can offer excellent opportunities longterm and fantastic earning potential to a successful individual. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Based within **** miles from the Midlands. Must have a minimum of 2 years of experience in either security sales or selling a technical orientated software. Experience in the construction industry will be desirable. Superb new business skills. Must be selfsufficient and selfmotivated. Outstanding communication skills at all levels. Proven experience in hitting and exceeding sales targets. Excellent rapport building skills. Tenacious. Excellent closer. THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: Circa ******** basic (dependent upon experience) Commission: ****k anticipated 1st year OTE Uncapped Benefits: Fuel allowance, mobile, laptop, pension contribution and 22 days paid holidays. Please email your CV We thank all applicants who respond, but please be advised that only those short listed for interview will be contacted. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career