Title: Professional Recruiter  Niche US markets
Webindex: 68180493
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Professional RecruiterNiche US markets London or Manchester base with view to relocation Basic competitive, neg (depending on sales experience) with uncapped OTE The opportunity JAM is a fast growing, privately owned business with a policy of reinvestment in our business and our people. Our exciting growth plans include taking our specialist expertise and the JAM brand to new markets including the US. The US is the largest global market for this specialism in which we are already the number **** recruiter in UK and European markets. Our top recruiters are positioned to bill 1 million each per annum in 2014. Being part of an expanding company with a strong policy of reinvestment means you have the chance to develop your career via handson recruiting or team management. This year, JAM was awarded the Highly Commended prize at the IRP Awards in the Best Company to Work For category. Our aim is to become the premier global recruiter in this market. Initially developing the US from the UK, you ll be interested in relocating by 2014. You You ll be an experienced Recruitment Consultant working in professional services markets (finance, legal, HR for instance) with a successful track record of winning repeat and exclusive business and high levels of credibility with hiring managers. You ll have a strong drive to develop in depth market knowledge and to offer a fully consultative recruitment service to both your candidates and clients. And you ll be driven by ambitious goals and a desire to improve constantly. You ll be flexible on hours in order to make your mark across time zones as well. What do we offer in return? We offer a competitive salary and uncapped commission structure with one of the best incentives and bonus packages available in the recruitment market. As a Recruitment Consultant With JAM you ll receive:  Comprehensive, challenging advanced training  Uncapped commission plan  Outstanding career progression opportunities.  Regular holiday incentives to destinations such as Las Vegas, New York & Ibiza  A performance led company car scheme including BMW Sport and Mercedes SLK models  Employee Healthcare Scheme  JAM Rewards access to over **** discounts and cashback offers  Annual Awards Ceremony  Milestone Awards including lunch at a UK / European / International restaurant of your choice What next? If you would like to apply for this position then please click apply to send your CV JAM operates a refer a friend scheme of **** in vouchers for all successful referrals so why not bring your colleagues with you (Terms and conditions apply)