Title: Regional Sales Manager (Wheelabrator Plus): Scotland
Webindex: 71431535
Company: Wheelabrator Group Ltd
Description: Wheelabrator is the world leader in surface preparation technology, offering a complete range of airblast, wheelblast and mass finishing solutions along with aftermarket services and we are currently seeking a motivated and experienced professional for the position of Regional Sales Manager. The postholder will have responsibility for wheel, air and mass finishing projects and aftermarkets services within Scotland and Northern Ireland. The candidate will be responsible for promoting our range of Wheelabrator Technology, equipment modernisation and service to achieve sales growth. The position is varied, interesting and challenging and applicants should have a good understanding and knowledge of the UK manufacturing industry and the various sectors contained within it. Experience of mechanical surface preparation techniques and processes or specific experience of wheel shotblast technology would be a distinct advantage. However, experienced candidates with a proven track record in sales within the UK manufacturing industry will also be considered as full product training will be provided. Candidates will need to be able to demonstrate an ability to profesionally communicate with our customers, accurately report technical detail, maintain project plan and application data and work in an organised manner such that tight deadlines and targets may be achieved. The individual required will therefore need to be a strong selfmotivated and disciplined character able to work systematically and calmly whilst under pressure and possess a keen ambition to succeed in a competitive market place. Candidates will need to be computer literate as detailed monthly reports and forecasts will be required. Candidate will possess a recognised mechnical engineering qualification. Postholder will occasionally be required to attend company UK and European sites. Full driving licence necessary. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalSalesManagerWheelabratorPlusScotland_job****