Title: Headhunter / Recruitment Consultant  French Speaker
Webindex: 68715087
Company: Millar Cameron
Description: Headhunter – French Desk Millar Cameron is a world leading international recruitment company based in Milton Park, Oxfordshire and we currently have an opportunity for a motivated and proactive French speaking person to join the company. Millar Cameron specialises in the recruitment of personnel into challenging environments such as Chad, Ivory Coast, Cameroon, Gabon and Sierra Leone so there is a good amount of diversity within the role. Key markets we recruit into is Agribusiness ; Mining ; Logistics and Engineering The main responsibilities of the role are:  Sourcing suitable candidates.  Client interaction , relationship and account management  Answering enquires on both phone and email.  Taking references for successful candidates.  Promoting and Advertising current and future roles.  Maintaining and updating the database.  Researching future leads. Personal Requirements:  Education up to degree level, preferably  Fluency in French language  Experience in Telesales, Telemarketing and/or Customer Services preferred, although certainly not mandatory  Good communication and interpersonal skills required.  Hunger, drive and motivation  Locally based due to the demands of the business. Benefits: Competitive Salaries twinned with excellent commission opportunities Recruitment is a sector that is ever growing , it is an area where language skills can really make a difference and allow you to enjoy real success in a profession. Thanks to the diversity of our roles and the internationality of our clients no one day is the same, it is both challenging and rewarding. If you are interested to find out more then please email me your CV, as a word document , to conormillarcameron.com We look forward to meeting you soon. (Recruiter;recruitment;graduate;sales;estate agency,human resources,francais) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadhunterRecruitmentConsultantFrenchSpeaker_job****