Title: Italian Speaking Customer Service Team Supervisor
Webindex: 72236762
Company: INTERACTION RECRUITMENT
Description: Italian Speaking Customer Service Team Supervisor  Must be fluent in Englishand Italian Salary ****  **** Working for a prestigious business based in Warwickshire, this is an exciting opportunity to further your career in international Account Management and Customer Service as The Customer Service Team Supervisor. Based within modern and airy offices with free onsite parking this is an opportunity not to missed for you to put your Customer Service, Leadership and language skills to use. You will be supervising a team of international Account Managers and Customer Service Executives. Helping them with customer enquires, orders and general call handling from their European Client base. Reporting into the Management Team you will be responsible for supporting the team, motivating, mentoring and leading by example. As the Bilingual Customer Service Team Supervisor you will already have experience of team leading and supervision in a customer service contact centre environment. You will also be fluent not only in English but also a 2nd language either French or Italian. Able to converse fluently at business level confidently via the telephone. You will also have strong IT skills able to use the usual Office IT packages and a quick learner of inhouse systems. In return you will be joining a professional and friendly business with an interesting and wide spread client base or commercial and corporate clients and given the opportunity to use your full skills set to their maximum on a daily basis. Please note only candidates with experience of Customer Service Team Supervision and who are fluent in not only English but also Italian will be considered for this role. Key Search Words: Customer Service, Team Leader, Supervisor, Call Centre, Italian, Account Manager, Customer Advisor. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ItalianSpeakingCustomerServiceTeamSupervisor_job****