Title: Registered Manager  Complex and Critical Care
Webindex: 72451748
Company: Pulse Staffing
Description: PULSE Community Healthcare is a leading provider of specialist Complex Care Services in individuals own homes and communities. We deliver genuine person centred care, focused on achieving outcomes that really make a difference to people’s lives. This is your opportunity to develop and deliver a unique, innovative service based on the principles of quality, safety and best practice in a forward thinking company. We currently provide Care Packaging within the fields of Spinal Injuries, ABI, Mental Health, Learning Disabilities, MND, End of Life and Physical Disabilities, and are keen to expand their areas of expertise in an ever changing environment. As a result we are looking to recruit a Registered Manager to develop the business in the Bournemouth area. At a glance: The Registered Manager is an integral part of the Community Healthcare division, taking responsibility for the activities of and the daytoday running of the branch. This is a 'hands on’ operational role. What you’ll be doing: Taking responsibility and accountability for all the running of the branch Keeping abreast of current commissioning developments regarding the community healthcare sector. Ensuring high standards of care are achieved in service delivery Ensuring all staff have knowledge of current policies, procedures and guidelines in use within the Company Interfacing with NHS Managers, Private Sector, and Local Authorities, establishing productive relationships with these key client contacts Driving sales and margin growth. Maintaining relationships with existing clients and building new client relationships. Ensuring quality assurance for the branch. Providing effective management and giving advice and guidance to the branch Preparation of tenders, attending and giving presentations where necessary Completing risk assessments and reviewing comprehensive Care Planning. Involvement with the recruitment and selection process for the branch Responsible for developing knowledge of both self and staff Monitoring of own and teams performance by reviewing objectives About you: General Sales and Management skills Managing a branch or equivalent business unit Ability to give client presentations to small/large audiences Able to organise and prioritise own and branch’s workload Strong interpersonal skills Ability to prepare management information Strong IT Skills Ability to lead, inspire and motivate a team Self Motivated and driven, able to work without supervision Professional and dynamic Enthusiastic and committed to business objectives Ability to negotiate and influence others Intelligent and ability to quickly grasp the 'big picture’ You will be confident and articulate and able to connect with people at all levels. Ideally you will have experience of working with clients with complex needs. A nursing or social work background or experience of working in the Care sector at Manager level and case management experience is essential, in addition to a proven track record in people management. You will be determined and self motivated, possessing a positive attitude and the drive to succeed. So why choose PULSE? PULSE is listed in the Times Top 100 companies to work for We offer excellent training and orientation packages with ongoing support and career development opportunities. We also offer a wealth of company benefits including a pension scheme, private healthcare and 25 days holiday. Registered Manager  Complex and Critical Care Registered Manager  Complex and Critical Care Registered Manager  Complex and Critical Care Registered Manager  Complex and Critical Care This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegisteredManagerComplexandCriticalCare_job****