Title: Technical Sales Executive  Hazardous Waste Chemicals
Webindex: 71857108
Company: Red Kite Selection Limited
Description: GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO FURTHER YOUR CAREER AS A HAZARDOUS WASTE CHEMICAL NEW BUSINESS FIELD SALES EXECUTIVE Role: Technical Sales Executive  Hazardous Waste Chemicals Package: **** basic plus commission bonus, car or car allowance, mobile, laptop, pension. Career: My client offers full career development as they are a multibillion turn over company. They have a sales role available for a patch to cover the bottom half of Yorkshire and North Lincolnshire to include: Leeds, Sheffield, Hull, Grimsby, Doncaster, Scunthorpe, Wakefield, Barnsley, Rotherham and Worksop. CLIENT My client is the global number **** in the waste and recycling sector. They are looking to hire a new business sales executive with industrial or technical sales experience. With a number of strategic treatment facilities and a UK wide transport network they can offer these specialist services to all types of clients with a need. ROLE This is a new business sales role that would suit someone experienced in a field based, selfmotivated business development environment. You will also need to apply a consultative technical approach in order to close business. Although the focus is on new business sales you will also be required to develop existing accounts and optimise the revenue they generate. Sales of a full range of hazardous waste services to include: chemicals, liquid, tanker, oils, sludge, pharmaceutical, manufacturing, refinery, acids, alkalis, industrial streams. Targeting manufacturing, engineering, automotive, heavy industry, chemicals, pharmaceutical, production arenas. You will be hands on  walking sites to undertake site surveys and potentially taking samples for laboratory analysis where required. EXPERIENCE You MUST HAVE a proven track record of new business sales achievement against target. You MUST demonstrate stability in previous roles. Candidates WITH a Chemistry qualification (high grade ALevel or above) may have a proven track record of face to face sales vs. target in positions such as: B2B door to door canvassing, advertising sales, high end retail sales management, car sales, nonhazardous waste management sales, commercial utilities sales. Candidates WITH or WITHOUT a Chemistry qualification could have technical sales experience in the following areas: Hazardous Waste Management, Drummed Waste, Paints, Powder coatings, Water Treatment, Chemicals, Industrial Services, Laboratory Equipment, Life Sciences, Technical Sales or related sectors. Knowledge of the hazardous properties of chemicals required. Ideally you will have an understanding of the locality and contacts within the designated area. Previous titles you could have held: New Business Sales, Field Sales Executive, Area Sales Manager, Sales, Technical Sales Executive, BDM, and Business Development Manager  Hazardous Waste Management.