Title: Telemarketing Supervisor Hampshire
Webindex: 68552759
Company: Hi Calibre International
Description: Category:Telcoms Salary: &pound****K basic plus &pound****K commission uncapped&nbsp Job Description: Position: Telemarketing Supervisor Location: Hampshire URGENT  INTERVIEWING NOW Job Description We are seeking an experienced TeleMarketing Supervisor who has worked in a vendor or distributor in a TeleMarketing supervisor role. The TeleMarketing Supervisor will be responsible for new business and generating revenue and upselling to existing customers, ensuring a healthy pipeline. You will be responsible for a team of 6 initially. It is essential that you have previous Supervisor experience. Key responsibilities include: To lead new business Telesales team to generate, manage and drive to close incremental new business and existing customers to ensure that sales targets and objectives are achieved and exceeded. To lead team of Telemarketers to perform lead generation and qualification activities to new and existing customers and help them improve Sales Techniques and Closing Skills. Ensure your team generate and develop new business via existing customers and new prospects from a variety of sources, including, inbound sales and marketing leads, follow up outbound cold calling/prospecting, use of internal databases and third party databases LinkedIn contacts etc. Oversee the daytoday management and activities of the new business sales and sales teams. Priorities and meeting objectives and KPI&****s. Coordination of team training & development. Provide daytoday mentoring and coaching to team members. Provide team performance metrics, reporting and analytics for management and sales personnel Responsible for production of sales forecast for regional and Sales & Marketing Management. Management of qualification of all incoming leads from marketing sources to agreed service level agreement timeframe, updating Salesforce CRM. Act as key point of contact for New Business team queries and ad hoc requests Ideal profile At least 3 years Supervisor experience within an IT, Cloud or Hosting Services company. Ability to adapt quickly and effectively to change Responsive to customer and management requests. Understanding of IT industry and how it operates, Partners, Solution Sales etc. Sales focused, with a determination to measure/improve effectiveness and achieve results. A supervisor who is a &quothands on&quot doer and leads by example hits target or exceeds it. Ability to motivate and coach others, developing teams and individuals Good working knowledge of CRM systems for lead and opportunity management and reporting (Salesforce desired). Good knowledge of Microsoft Office suite (Excel, Word, Outlook, PowerPoint) Excellent communication skills and customer service skills to use customer reference sites etc. Ability to spot and capitalise on new market opportunities Experience of selling IT solutions Native English speaker. Additional European languages an advantage though not essential.&nbsp PLEASE APPLY NOW