Title: Client Relationship Executive,Business Development
Webindex: 69215097
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: Please apply with your CV, salary expectations and notice period A Client Relationship Executive with impressive business development skills is currently needed to join a rapidly growing web development and ecommerce agency. Our client is passionate about quality, highend web development using open source technology. Founded in **** they quickly established themselves as the leading PHP authority in the UK. They now need a Client Relationship Executive with a background in sales and business development to push the company forward. As their Client Relationship Executive, you will be stepping into a new position and will take responsibility for helping to build and maintain longlasting relationships with assigned clients. The Client Relationship Executive will also be involved in selling and scheduling training days and audits and building brand awareness. Please apply now if you would like to join the team. Their new Client Relationship / Business Development Executive will: ? Build ongoing relationships with selected existing clients, identifying and opening up incremental revenue opportunities ? Achieve agreed sales targets within existing accounts ? Develop new contacts from within targeted prospects ? Manage and update the client database with profiling data ? Develop and coordinate sales and client documents ? Assist with client reporting ? contact reports, status reports, activity reports etc. ? Assist with new business pitches, and RFP responses as required ? Participate in team meetings and contribute ideas to capture client buyin The successful Client Relationship / Business Development Executive will: ? Have experience in telemarketing / demand generation / account management ? Be familiar with the software development life cycle at enterprise level, as well as open source technologies (mandatory) ? Ideally be educated to degree level or equivalent ? Have a proven record of client relationship building, establishment and maintenance ? Be commercially minded and able to see opportunities and possibilities ? Be computer literate and able to quickly grasp new software packages and technologies In return, you?ll become part of a flexible working environment and have the chance to develop your client management and new business development skills. The company runs a childcare voucher scheme and you will be eligible to join their private health insurance scheme after one year?s service. If you are interested in this position, please apply now with your CV, salary expectations and notice period, if relevant. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.