Title: Sales and Marketing Officer
Webindex: 71431207
Company: Personnel Selection
Description: Personnel Selection are working on behalf of their client to recruit a Sales and Marketing Officer. This role will be split between two National Societies and you will be required to market memberships for both societies by way of email campaigns, exhibitions, telephony campaigns, networking sites (Facebook and Twitter). You must be able to manage your own time effectively and be able to work to targets. Job Description: Be proactive and source your own leads for both email campaigns and telephony campaigns. Attend shows/exhibitions and talk to potential members who are exhibiting. Competently run a stand at an exhibition with a view to drive more members. Be organised to follow an effective sales plan. Interact with existing training schools to help drive more members to the societies. Contact new training schools with a view to increase training school membership numbers thus increasing individual membership numbers. To be able to work to targets. Be knowledgeable on social media, especially Facebook and Twitter. To learn all of the features and benefits of the societies and profession. Reporting on figures to management in relation to totals, comparisons and progress towards target. Arrange workshops and increase the amount of attendees to make them as successful as possible. To provide members with a monthly newsletter containing relevant news from both the societies and the profession. To be involved with the continuing marketing plan with the societies. To source new benefits for all existing members. Plus general support to the societies team. If you feel your experience and skills match the criteria of the role then please don't hesitate to apply. Unfortunately due to the interest of this particular role we will not be able to reply to everyone on an individual basis, if we have not contacted you within 7 days then please presume that you are unsuccessful on this occasion . This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesandMarketingOfficer_job****