Title: Technical Sales Executive  Yorkshire
Webindex: 71717078
Company: Invigorate Recruitment
Description: Technical Sales Executive, UK Wide, **** uncapped bonus Invigorate Recruitment are acting as an employment agency in respect of this vacancy. We are assisting our client in their search for a Technical Sales Executive, to join a successful company who are entering their 29th year of selling high quality products. This role is for a Sales Executive to further strengthen the existing team. The role will include new business and account management, and generating sales of the clients products and expanding their new market. Role and Responsibilities:  New business generation.  Research, generate and arrange appointments with new business prospects.  Account Management.  Help develop new markets and opportunities.  Achieve target sales and ensure that the companys profit requirements are met.  Prepare quotes and present solutions to new and existing customers at all levels. Ideal Product Knowledge required:  L.E.D. and L.E.D Drivers  AC/DC External/internal Power Supplies and Chargers (low and high voltage).  DCDC Modules & Open Frame Units.  Batteries and Cable Assemblies. Ideal Market Knowledge required:  Lighting.  Industrial.  Medical.  Measurement and Instrumentation. The successful candidate will possess the following:  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Excellent face to face and telephone/email communication skills.  Ability to communicate to all levels within a business.  Highly developed negotiating and influencing skills.  Strong commercial acumen with a professional approach.  Competitive, results orientated and target driven.  Punctual, reliable and have effective time management skills.  Confident, selfmotivated and capable of working on their own or in a team.  Ability to learn and retain high levels of industry and product information.  Own car required  insured for business use and full, clean driving license (I.R. approved mileage rate paid). PLEASE APPLY NOW