Title: Project Manager : Power Generation
Webindex: 69557903
Company: On Target Recruitment Ltd
Description: Project management experience within eng ind Job Title: Project Manager : Power Generation Sector: Engineering Niche: Turbines/Generators Products: Turbogenerators Customers: End Users, OEM?s Territory: Loughborough Package: up to &**** ****k basic, pension, healthcare Consultant: Robert Gaines Company Info: ? Global manufacture of turbogenerators ? Established over 100 years ago ? Looking for a Project Manager to boost there internal team Project Manager : Power Generation Role Information: ? Managing projects of large turbogenerators to ensure they are completed on schedule and within budgeted costs ? Manage operational aspects of commercial projects and tendering may also be involved in onsite commissioning ? Office based role with travel to sites as and when required Requirements: Project Manager : Power Generation: YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? Project management experience within the engineering industry ? Strong commercial skills ? Tendering engineer or contract engineer will be considered Project Manager : Power Generation: IDEALLY YOU WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING ? PRINCE **** qualified ? Mechanical Engineering qualification ? Knowledge of the Wind Energy sector ? A chance to join a would wide manufacture with great career prospects Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. On Target Recruitment, now recognised as one of the UK?s leading sales recruiters, has achieved significant organic growth since it?s inception in **** The development of specialist teams each focusing in the key markets of Construction sales recruitment, Engineering sales recruitment and Commercial sales recruitment, has enabled our consultants to become experts in their field. Roles our sector based teams recruit for include sales executive jobs, area sales manager jobs, sales engineer jobs, national account manager jobs, business development manager jobs, sales representative jobs and field sales jobs. The sectors of Construction sales recruitment include Bathroo