Title: Recruitment Consultants  Dual Desk  IT / FS
Webindex: 68701153
Company: Conrad Scott
Description: With industry accolades including “Best Recruitment Consultancy to Work for” and Virgin Fast Track **** the company is one of the UK’s fastest growing and most successful specialist Recruitment businesses. Focused on providing the highest possible quality service to candidates and clients globally, they have established an impressive, and much envied, client base in the Banking, Risk and Finance Technology sectors. An exciting opportunity now exists for a number of ambitious individuals to join their growing City team. With ambitious growth plans, and offices opening, this is a very good time to join. Package Salary negotiable – dependent on experience / current level Generous uncapped commission without threshold (1030% bandings – all consultants are dual desk) Additional annual bonuses All expense paid holidays – recent destinations Marbella, St Tropez and Alpine skiing Fully paid gym membership Monthly lunch clubs Sporting hospitality Social days – Royal Ascot, Go Karting, Track days etc… Reasons to join Fun and fulfilling environment with a lively, sociable team Excellent earning potential with top billers earning ****K Dual Desk approach meaning you can become a true subject matter expert in the skills you recruit for without being constrained by market boundaries. Opportunity to join a company still its first decade of development with all of the career development opportunities this offers. Opportunity to Work on a bustling sales floor within very impressive offices International career opportunities. Person specification: Previous Recruitment Consultant experience of either IT, Banking Technology / Insurance / Risk markets. Contract or permanent background – you will be working Dual Desk Applications are invited from recruiters at any stage of their career. Salaries will be commensurate with experience. This is an excellent opportunity for any experienced recruiter who is looking for a profitable patch / strong commission within an establishedbusiness which is also still ambitious and in the early stages if its development. If this sounds like the opportunity for you, please apply today. This Recruitment consultant vacancy is being handled by Conrad Scott Ltd. Conrad Scott Ltd is a recruitment agency specialising in placing sales executives, trainee recruitment consultant and experienced recruitment professionals into the recruitment, search and selection industry. Conrad Scott acts as an employment agency and is registered in England and Wales as Conrad Scott Ltd, registered no **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantsDualDeskITFS_job****