Title: Recruitment Consultant  Accountancy
Webindex: 68062184
Company: Listen Recruitment
Description: An opportunity has arisen for a Consultant within Accountancy Recruitment representing an impressive organisation at their Milton Keynes office. Established by a team of successful and experienced recruiters, our client has an excellent reputation as well as some impressive clients across Buckinghamshire.Their consultants have the local knowledge and expertise to deliver a level of service like no other, and their reputations are well known and trusted by their clients and candidates. The company is rapidly taking market share and as such, they are recruiting for highly motivated and driven individuals to join their already successful team, in order to further press their advantage over their competitors.They are seeking talented and experienced consultants with a significant track record of delivery within their field as well as ambitions for progression. Working within a team of polished, driven and motivated consultants, you will be responsible for generating fees and maximising the profitability of your market. As well as benefiting from the support of an experienced team and a charismatic MD, you will use your professional sales skills to develop strong relationships with your candidates and clients. You will enjoy the challenge of working in a competitive, targetdriven environment and being wellrewarded for your success. Your role will be extremely varied and you must be able to adapt to a variety of demands on your time; proactively developing relationships with your candidates through regular contact, facetoface meetings and providing a high quality recruitment service. Identifying and developing new clients through your activity, extensive direct marketing of candidates and recruitment solutions to your clients, interviewing candidates and providing a consultative service to find them the right job in a professional and efficient manner.They are seeking someone with drive, entrepreneurial spirit and a competitive streak. You'll have solid communication skills, be outgoing, friendly and able to communicate with individuals at all levels. In return you will receive a market beating package and excellent benefits.Please apply please send us your CV as soon as possible setting out your recruitment experience and achievements. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantAccountancy_job****