Title: Media, Marketing & Market Research Recruitment Consultant
Webindex: 68535006
Company: GIVEAGRADAGO LTD
Description: Company Profile: Our client is the market leader in media and marketing recruitment. They more than doubled in size last year and as a result they are now in a position to offer some superb career opportunities for graduates and experienced consultants who are looking to develop their recruitment careers in the world of media and marketing. The Role: Our client is a team of talented, highachieving Consultants. Together, they are considered to be one of the leading independent marketing, media and market research recruitment specialists. Thanks to an excellent 2012 they have exciting plans for expansion  as a result they are now seeking bright, ambitious recruiters, with experience in any market, to train and develop their careers in the world of Marketing, Research, Media and Intelligence recruitment. Key Responsibilities: Their working environment is professional, collaborative and relaxed, and the culture is supportive and encouraging. Marketing and Media recruitment rewards recruiters' abilities and offers the chance to manage intellectually stimulating projects that genuinely make a difference to your clients businesses. With an impressive portfolio of active clients such as Danone, Orange, the BBC, Nokia and Sky, already signed up  new recruits would be entering into a very warm market which will offer the chance to begin assignments and start billing and earning commission quickly. So what are we looking for? Candidates with a minimum of 6 months successful experience in recruitment or sales Impressive track record of hitting and exceeding targets Highachieving academics Active and avid interest in Media, Marketing and Market Research Above all recruiters who 'get it'  who can engage with senior, high profile clients and gain their respect  which in turn will lead to strong relationships and outstanding results. In return, successful candidates will benefit from marketleading commission schemes, a host of generous benefits and excellent scope for rapid career progression into team development and key client management.