Title: SALES & CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVES  GRADUATES WELCOME
Webindex: 67750847
Company: Pure Online Recruitment
Description: Looking to make money throughout 2013? Or perhaps give yourself a new Career in Sales & Marketing? Become a Sales & Customer Service Representatives in Reading This Reading City Centre based Sales and Marketing company are looking for at least **** Sales & Customer Service Representatives for their rapid expansion. Effected by the credit crunch? ………NOT US IMMEDIATE STARTS AVAILABLE IN SALES AND MARKETING. Location: Reading Earnings: ****  **** average earnings uncapped People are needed ASAP to fill these Sales and Customer Services openings. No experience or qualifications are necessary as this company believes qualifications do not guarantee success, hard work and determination does. Full inhouse product training given to all successful applicants. A Business Development Programme is available for the more ambitious. Please click to apply for this opportunity as a Sales / Marketing / Customer Services Representative If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. The opening is varied, and does involve an element of facetoface sales with the general public across a variety of locations and media including at their own homes. As such, impeccable customer service levels are needed at all times. Please note that this is a selfemployed opportunity that does not have a basic salary, which allows for completely uncapped earnings on a 100% performance related basis. Pure Online Recruitment is a flat fee online recruitment company that actively recruit for the following roles: Sales Executives, Marketing Representatives, Sales Trainees, Marketing Executives, Sales Representatives, Marketing Trainees, New Business Sales Executives, Graduate Openings, Account Managers, Graduate Training, Promotions, PR, Customer Service Advisors, Telesales, Travel, Tourism, Customer Service Representatives, Advertising, Retail, Entry Level, Graduate, Call Centre, Contact Centre, and Telemarketing in Reading. Ref: GAN****L