Title: Field Sales/ Customer Service
Webindex: 69540442
Company: Premiere People
Description: Description Premiere People are operating as a Recruitment Agency. We are seeking Office/Field sales staff for a proven Funeral plan product. Tasks and Duties: Make telephone appointments from leads provided by the Company.  Create own leads through referrals, group talks and other means of identifying prospects.  For all new appointments, use the Company **** stage presentation to professionally demonstrate the different funeral plan options available within the Company portfolio.  Arrange and deliver group talks.  Meet validation and bonus targets through the conversion of presentations to completed plan sales  Accurately complete order/sales documentation in accordance with Company procedures.  Collect cash payments during banking hours and bank upon receipt  Bank payments in correct Trust account and fax banking receipts to office within 24 hours.  Fax to Head Office all correctly completed plans within 24 hours of completion and ensure original is received within **** hours.  In accordance with company procedures, report to Line Manager and send by 4.00 pm on reporting days (Monday, Wednesday, Friday) legible and accurate CSC report sheets detailing weekly and monthly totals/targets/percentages, and updated diary/activity information by 4.00 pm on Friday. Email, to Sales Department, diary for following week by 4.00 pm each Friday (resend any diary additions during the weekend by 5.00 pm on Sunday) together following week s targets and canvass sheet.  Attend relevant training courses as arranged by the Company  Establish, maintain and develop good working relationships with prospects, members and colleagues.  As an ambassador of the Company, present a professional and positive image at all times  How Your Performance Will Be Measured  Level of completed plan sales achieved against targets  Number of appointments/presentations  Initiative in finding own prospects  Timeliness and accuracy of documentation  Relationship with prospects and members  Effectiveness of communication with Line Manager and internal departments. Should you not hear from us within 2 weeks you have been unsuccessful on this occassion