Title: Business Development / Account Manager  Cables  Milton Keynes
Webindex: 71431915
Company: System Recruitment
Description: Business Development / Account Manager  Cables  Milton Keynes Job Type: Permanent Location: Milton Keynes, Bucks Salary: **** Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Benefits: Car, Pension, Bonus Reference: BDMCableBucks A successful, high profile company in the building cables, electrical cables and industrial wire sector is now seeking to recruit an experienced Business Development Manager / Account Manager to work from offices in Milton Keynes, Bucks. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 5 years experience in a similar role providing technical sales account management and technical sales development in a commercial / light engineering / electrical engineering environment. It is expected you will be degree educated in general engineering or electrical engineering and be comfortable in an engineer to engineer sales situation. Experience of cable manufacturing and knowledge of cable standards would be highly advantageous as would experience of; building wire and cables, industrial flexible cables, domestic flexible cables, industrial armoured cables, utility cables, fire performance cables, data cables, control cables, telecommunications cables, medium voltage cables, high voltage cables, marine cables, railway cables, defence cables. The role of Business Development Manager / Account Manager is to manage all new business enquiries and to attain targets for new business signup. Major Responsibilities: **** Develop new business relationships by presenting services through direct communication, via email, telephone and face to face meetings. 2. Develop existing client relationships via direct communication and visits. **** Attend Trade Shows and Exhibitions and engage new sales leads. The role will suit individuals currently working as a Technical Sales Engineer, Business Development Manager, Account Manager, Electrical Engineer, Sales Executive, Sales Manager and living within a commutable distance of Milton Keynes, Bucks or willing to relocate. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentAccountManagerCablesMiltonKeynes_job****