Title: Field Sales Executive (New Business)
Webindex: 67638904
Company: Edge Recruits
Description: Field Sales Executive (New Business) Territory: Cheshire, Stockport s number one workplace service providers in an exciting sales role with great earning potential. Covering a specific territory incorporating Cheshire (Stockport, Chester on patch so we welcome suitably experienced newbusiness orientated field sales applicants residing within this area. Whilst applications are welcomed from workwear sector experienced sales professionals, this is not essential. But you will be a polished fieldsales professional with a truly professional approach  well versed in solution selling and not only personally well presented but also with strong presentation skills. It is also important that you are able to work autonomously in a self managed fashion with real drive and determination. A proven track record (ideally with evidence to demonstrate this) of new business sales and territory development/winning new clients consistently and crucially meeting/exceeding new sales targets is certainly imperative. You will enjoy a good degree of freedom, working remotely and being on the road 45 days of the week, enjoying support from a centralized team who will arrange a large percentage of your client appointments, although a significant amount of your own time will also be spent identifying new prospects, cold calling, generating leads around the region. If you are a true business hunter , accustomed to solution selling when face to face with decision makers AND with strong closingskills, this is potentially a match made in heaven  great uncapped genuine OTE potential, company car, and as you would expect with a national market leader, a full range of benefits including shareoption scheme, company pension scheme and loyalty/commitment awards. As an IIP accredited employer, this FTSE listed Group PLC Company also provide first class training and support. Therefore you will be given every chance of success from day one and potentially great career advancement prospects longer term. If you feel you have what the company is looking for and are based in the right location, please apply today Interviews are planned to be held locally on Wednesday 30th January so you will need to be available to attend on this date if invited to meet with the client. Please note that due to large volumes of applicants at present, only those successfully short listed will be contacted by Edge Recruits within **** hours, so if you have not been contacted please presume you have been unsuccessful this time