Title: Business Development Manager Integra
Webindex: 71189912
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: Business Development Manager Homebased UK Travel ****k****k  OTE Capita IB Solutions, part of Capita plc and a market leader in providing worldclass financial software, procurement and bespoke solutions to servicecentric organisations. We specialise in providing innovative financial accounting purchasing software solutions to meet our clients' needs and expectations. As a result of growth, we are looking for an experienced Account Manager/Business Development Manager to come on board and focus on creating opportunities for the Integra financials procurement solution, focussing on specific key market sectors which have been previously identified as our target markets, and supporting Group Sales bids. You will be responsible for providing the business with information regarding the key issues on an ongoing basis as well as working with the Business Development team to ensure that marketing activity is properly focussed We are looking for candidates with strong experience in Financial Management Information and Procurement/Finance Systems, ideally with a proven track record in the Public Sector, knowledge and experience in the OJEU process and procedure, and a working knowledge of issues and challenges facing the public sector in respect of back office and procurement solutions. Responsibilites: Prospecting the marketplaces and identifying opportunities. Completing new business tender documentation, undertaking presentations and managing the sales cycle to completion including the construction of the contract. Sales Planning Forecasting and general sales administration. Experience: Financial Management Information Procurement Systems A proven trackrecord in the Public Sector Knowledge and experience in the OJEU process and procedure A working knowledge of the issues and challenges facing Public Sector organisations in respect of 'backoffice' and procurement solutions A good 'general' understanding of the structure and overall objectives of the chosen markets (Health Local Government) Previous experience in positioning/selling Outsourced/Bureau/Managed Service solutions would be a benefit Closure of complex deals exceeding ****k including licences consultancy Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerIntegra_job****