Title: Sales Executive  Online/Digital Site Licences
Webindex: 70028864
Company: Incisive Media plc
Description: This is a role for someone who wants the experience and profile of working in a groupwide face to face sales role, selling across our Risk.net portal to an international audience. This is top of the agenda at Incisive Media and has a sales and marketing powerhouse behind it to ensure that the people in the team hit budget and reap the rewards they deserve. This vacancy offers the successful candidate the opportunity to join a fast growing team in a fast growing business, instrumental to the future of the company and the future of publishing sales. Risk.net is an online portal providing full access to the latest content **** of the financial risk management’s top publications: Risk Magazine, Structured Products, Operational Risk Regulation, Asia Risk, Energy Risk, Custody Risk and Insurance Risk. All of the stories are exclusive, based on conversations with leading regulators, risk managers and heads of derivatives trading. Risk.net offers high value premium content and provides the technical details and analysis that other news agencies don’t provide. The Role Working within a fast paced and rapidly growing team, you will enjoy responsibility for generating revenue from the world’s biggest financial institutions. This is an excellent opportunity for a confident, driven and ambitious sale professional. We are keen to hear from sales professionals who have face to face experience, have consistently exceeded their targets, have an excellent work ethic and are at ease communicating with senior level executives. Especially if your background is in publishing or business information. This is a role that will suit you if you are looking for a challenge, driven by money and the opportunity for career progression. So if you have relevant experience and the attitude and drive to succeed then please apply now. Salary: ****k to ****k  Commission and Benefits No Agencies This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveOnlineDigitalSiteLicences_job5561****537