Title: Marketing Communations Manager
Webindex: 72240103
Company: Cyberpsychologist Limited
Description: Job Title Marketing Communications Manager Job Description Cyberpsychologist Limited on behalf of our client based in W**** London is looking for an outstanding individual for the role of Marketing and Communications Manager. You will have responsibility for developing a communications strategy across the International portfolio of exhibitions this client has. You will communicate both internally to stakeholders and externally to customers via social media and other platforms to deliver high quality content as well as effective penetration of key corporate messages to highly targeted audiences. You will liaise with Managers and staff to ensure commercially viable products are sold and marketed appropriately to realise maximum revenue returns. You will also research and develop new strategies and developments to ensure effectively creating a new CMS system. You will write, develop and execute content for communication. Ensure all content is refreshed and relevant and stays on brand. You will produce a monthly report which analyses revenues aligned to the activities developed by you and your team. You will survey existing customers to recommend effective marketing campaigns and activities to strengthen the marketing strategy aligned to the business plan. Skills and Qualifications required We are looking for a bright multitalented Manager who is prepared to work very hard in a fast paced, rapidly expanding International business. You will have a degree in Organisational Communications and /or Marketing (****:**** or above). Y ou must have experience of working within a te am servicing a portfolio delivering strategy as well as media presence including content management and be experienced around social media to deliver campaigns that really stand out from the crowd and have a global appeal. Essentially you will have e xtensive experience of managing client's social media including twitter, facebook , and others as well as linkedin and other social media from conception of copy to full execution. You must have experience of what content works when updating websites and other environments with news regularly . Ideally you will have ex perience of working with a number of different brands under one umbrella holding and have exposure to different global messages. In particular you will have r esearched extensively globa l effective use of social media and its execution and be able to utilise this information in this role. Experience of organising PR copy and events including liaison with client and media would be a distinct advantage as well as the ability to summarise relevant industry news and competitor analysis to deliver internally to colleagues . Yo u must be aware of risk assessment aligned to media and be able to deliver the corporate message . You will have experience of research and development. You must be able to contribute to the communications strategy but also be hands on and be a 'can do' person, and be able to deliver high level solutions to maximise on revenue generation. You will have e xperience of CMS systems from conception to execution. Please submit your CV and relevant covering letter Closing Date for Applications is ****/****/2013 Absolutely no phone calls or agencies This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingCommunationsManager_job****