Title: Branch Manager / Supervisor
Webindex: 69004226
Company: Rhodium Consulting
Description: Experienced and enthusiastic sales person required to lead a team in a thriving lighting and electrical wholesale business. Role: Branch Manager / Supervisor Location: Cambridge Industry: Electrical Wholesale, Lighting and Distribution Salary: Negotiable depending on skills and experience Bonus: Monthly bonuses Benefits: 23 days holiday  bank holidays rising to 25 days with length of service Lighting and Electrical wholesaler in Cambridge is looking for a manager / team supervisor to oversee the branch, motivate staff and drive sales forward whilst ensuring an excellent service is provided to all its customers. To be successful in this role you must demonstrate the ability to build strong relationships with customers and staff to ensure sales and productivity targets are met and the highest standards of service are upheld. A leader and motivator, you will be able to point to achievements in setting the highest standards in branch selling and developing those relationships between the customer and the business. Most of all, you will share their 100% dedication to delivering excellence in service. JOB PURPOSE The overall responsibility for the day to day operations of the Branch in accordance with business procedures Promote the business, meet set targets and maximise sales with existing and new customers. Plan, organise and coordinate sales and stock within the branch  serving customers on the trade counter Motivate and develop staff in their day to day work Develop a highly customer service focused environment within the branch Maintain branch standards to promote the image of the Company to customers and the public in general. Utilise all resources both physical and human to maximise productivity KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Experience of leading by example whilst holding a role with some responsibility Electrical wholesale sales experience Good product knowledge Understanding of the Market Excellent Communications Skills Computer Literate Sound Numeracy and Literacy skills Commercially minded Customer Focused Stock Management skills People Management skills Good Leadership Skills Team Building skills You will be leading and managing a small team of staff. Working hours will be Monday to Friday with the possibility further down the line of **** hours at the weekend perhaps once a month. If you are an experienced Trade Counter Supervisor, Assistant Manager, Manager or internal sales person with the enthusiasm and drive to take the branch forward, we look forward to receiving your application. This is a full time permanent position and a great opportunity to join a growing company and further establish your supervisory / management career within an electrical wholesale environment. Electrical wholesale experience is essential