Title: Retail Sales Supervisor
Webindex: 69803479
Company: Woods Furniture
Description: Retail Sales Supervisor – Furniture – Full Time ****k OTE Woods (Dorchester) Ltd has built an enviable reputation in Dorset not only for the quality of their furniture but also for the service they offer. Having fully refurbished the showroom in December 2011, we are now looking for someone to help us drive sales forward in 2013. You must love selling and be passionate about furniture as we sell some of the most revered brands in our market place ie; Stressless, Neptune, GPlan, Collins and Hayes, Duresta, Tempur, Willis and Gambier With over 130 years of trading in Dorchester it is a stable business to work for. WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR Positive cando attitude by the bucket load Experience working with clients on a one to one basis Communicate well with clients, fitters and suppliers even in challenging situations. Get the job done, approach. High personal standards, from hygiene to paperwork A flexible approach to working hours with a **** day working week including every weekend. Will have a proven track record of achievement in a consultative sales role working with big ticket items like furniture, kitchens, bathrooms, bedrooms. Ability to build rapport and interpret the clients ideas into an inspirational and practical design that captures their imagination Naturally generates new client relationships and builds those relationships to proactively secure sales. Possess excellent listening and questioning skills Instils trust and confidence Must live within 30 mile radius of Dorchester It is also essential that you hold a valid UK Driving Licence so you can visit clients in their homes to confirm measurements as required. Please apply by clicking below and attaching an up to date CV. Due to the high volume of applicants, we will only respond to those successful in obtaining an interview. We are accepting applications from Field Sales Representatives Sales Advisers Sales Executives and Sales Representatives Retail Sales This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RetailSalesSupervisor_job****