Title: Business Development Executive  Swindon and Wiltshire
Webindex: 68092503
Company: TBG Learning Ltd
Description: Ref: ED**** Job Title: Business Development Executive Reports to: Sales Team Leader Location: Swindon and Wiltshire Closing date: ****1st January 2013 1st interview date: 7th February 2013 Reporting to the Sales Team Leader you will increase TGB's current learner and Employer base using a range of sales techniques. Promote the benefits and productivity levels of Apprenticeships to an employer's business. Account Manage existing client's accounts to generate additional starts and revenue streams and identify and 'close' sales opportunities with new employers. What you'll be doing: Maximising contract performance by fully understanding contractual obligations and performance targets. Contributing to business growth through networking and key stakeholder management. Identifying growth opportunities by sourcing and securing new leads. Building good relationship management with other TBG Centres and relevant supply chains. Working with the Business Development Manager, Employer Engagement Manager other TBG staff to promote TBG as an industry leader. Meeting and exceeding sales/starts targets in line with contractual financial requirements. Generating additional revenue streams from commercial bespoke training solutions. Completing learner interviews, initial assessments and Skills Funding Agency documentation in a timely manner and which adheres to TGB Quality Assurance standards. Completing robust Health Safety checks in Employer's premises prior to learner signups taking place. Providing weekly reports to Sales Manager on volumes of starts generated and sales activities undertaken. Ensuring company retention and achievement rates are maintained and improved by identifying sustainable employment opportunities. To participate in local careers events and exhibitions to ensure TGB Learning is promoted through a variety of channels. Working in partnership with referral agencies such as Connexions and National Apprenticeship Service (NAS) to increase volumes of **** starts onto Apprenticeship Programmes. Keeping records of sales activities and contacts made to keep the TGB employer database uptodate. Liaising closely with delivery teams to ensure learner/employer handover takes place with minimal disruption and in a timely, professional and transparent manner Any other duties that may be requested. What you'll need to have: Previous sales experience ideally gained in a Recruitment Agency or Work Based Learning setting. A proven track record in achieving sales targets through individual performance. Experience of using a range of sales techniques to 'close' sales opportunities. Quality driven with a passion for the delivery of excellent services. Experience of working in a field based/remote role. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Good IT skills and a professional telephone manner. Exceptional presentation, administration and customer service skills. Knowledge of Government Funded programmes. Ability to work under pressure and remain focused on the achievement of KPIs. Experience of working with young people an advantage. Communication skills that engage people and promote understanding. Exceptional organisation and diary management skills. Full driving licence and own trainsport TBG Learning is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of all participants and expects all staff to share this commitment. As this position may involve handling sensitive data relating to, or working with children and/or vulnerable adults, the successful candidate will be subject to a Disclosure check through the confidential process administered by the Criminal Records Bureau. A conviction may not exclude candidates, but will be considered as part of the recruitment process. Who are TBG Learning TBG Learning is one of the UK's leading youth and adult learning organisations, as well as a growing provider of services in the Welfare to Work Sector. TBG is a wholly owned subsidiary of Rehab Group, an independent, notforprofit (3 rd Sector) organisation that provides health, social care, training and employment services to some **** people each year in the UK, Ireland, Netherlands and Poland,. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentExecutiveSwindonandWiltshire_job****