Title: European Distributor Manager
Webindex: 66930767
Company: TTCS RECRUITMENT
Description: Be part of the next stage of a phenomenal success story A global Sports nutrition brand is looking to become no**** in Germany and Southern Europe having already done so in other markets Role: European Distributor Manager Sector: Endurance Sport / Nutrition drinks The Company: An American Global Iconic Drinks Brand Languages required: Business fluent German and English Package: C ****  car allowance  bonus  package Location: London, Germany or Europe The Opportunity: Having recently launched throughout Europe we need an experienced Distributor Manager to spearhead the growth of our Endurance sport and Nutrition drink. You would be working for a global company enjoying tremendous success and growth through its high achieving people. The role offers amazing long term career opportunities for the successful individual. The Company: An iconic global leading Endurance sport drinks, is looking to hire an experienced Distributor Manager who will be responsible for delivering availability, visibility, communication and volume in target stockists and the multiple retail account base. They are already no **** in America and are looking to enjoy the same domination now throughout continental Europe. In a growing category they are enjoying double digit growth through their forwardthinking and dynamic sales team. They enjoy no **** status in some countries and since their European launch have made significant impactful new listings in the trade channels. The company has a culture of success, achieved through the teamwork, of the high achieving people within the business at all levels. The role: Reporting to the European Controller you'll be fully accountable for your territory  Distributor agreements and management  Profit and loss  Budgeting  Implementing and steering the countries Business Plan The role requires the development and implementation of the brands sales strategy to deliver the company's short, medium and long term volume, distribution and profit targets. In addition the successful candidate would be expected to provide a strong contribution to the overall business strategy as part of the management team. Who we're looking for: We're looking for a really sharp and experienced distributor manager who has a thorough understanding of the German Endurance Sport and Nutrition market. You will be experienced with distributors and this channel and speak fluent business German and English. You'll also need a strong network of existing contacts you can call upon. As a person you will be results orientated, a strong communicator, analytical, customer focused, hardworking, resilient, and importantly, a team player. Whilst London or Germany are preferable you can be located anywhere with good transport links in Europe. For more information please send your CV in the first instance to Mike South: mikecaseltonclark.co.uk CaseltonClark are Head Hunters specialising in FMCG Drinks from Graduate to Director Level. We work in the following sectors: On Trade, Off Trade, Sales, Business Development, Trade Marketing, Consumer Marketing, Regional Accounts (RAM, KAM), National Accounts (SNAM, NAM & NAE) and Director level positions. Based in central London we work globally. Please visit our website http://www.caseltonclark.co.uk/