Title: Branch Sales Manager
Webindex: 72447307
Company: Sealex
Description: Branch Sales Manager Middlesbrough / North East c****K  car allowance, bonus and benefits We are a world leader in the design, manufacture and sale of high value, high quality engineering products with applications throughout the manufacturing sector including chemical, steel and other continuous process industries. Our reputation is based on innovative design, award winning products and a commitment to the highest quality standards. W e have a national network of sales and distribution offices and are looking to build upon our already strong market presence in the North East. Recent acquisitions have increased our product offering significantly and there is great potential for increasing sales to our existing customers, as well as a substantial prospect bank that has yet to be developed. So, although your responsibilities will include managing a small office based team, you will be expected to lead from the front in, and be highly motivated by, generating new business. You will also have an entrepreneurial mindset and be profit oriented. Our approach is to work towards overall Branch sales and profit targets so you must also be focused on building a strong team ethic. Your responsibilities will include: recruiting and developing staff; managing and developing key accounts; maintaining required levels with regard to pricing and margin; improving systems and procedures to ensure the branch is performing at an optimal level. You are likely to have at least 3 years industrial / engineering sales experience and the planning, management and organisation skills to effectively manage a small team and a diverse customer base. You should also have 12 years supervisory experience. However, it is your personal motivation and drive to succeed that will set you apart. F ull product training will be provided and you will have the backup of a strong technical support team. All applicants will be responded to and any third party applications will be forwarded to Sintura for consideration. Initial interviews will be held close to where candidates are based. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BranchSalesManager_job****