Title: Business Development Manager  Hair & Beauty
Webindex: 71170747
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Business Development Manager  Hair Beauty Hainault, Essex (field/office based, UKwide) **** (OTE c****) Plus Company Car or Car Allowance Are you a talented sales person who enjoys meeting people and developing relationships? If so, look no further Our client is a strong international brand that's synonymous with quality hair fashion. With plans to become the number one hair brand in Europe, they are now looking to recruit a Business Development Manager to join their team. This exciting opportunity will see you sell our client's fabulous hair extension range into the professional marketplace. As a Business Development Manager, you will be responsible for maximising sales throughout the UK, selling to retailers. Your role will involve working from the office, where you will contact customers to inform them of offers and build good relationships, and from the field, in which you will visit customers, ensure the effective presentation of products and upsell product lines. To be considered for this position, you must have proven sales experience and the ability to develop relationships with people. You must also hold a full valid driving licence. Any sales experience gained in a similar sector, such as hair and beauty, would be beneficial, but is not essential. If you thrive in a fast paced environment, can build relationships and have a real hunger to be successful, apply now. To apply for the role of Business Development Manager (Hair Beauty) please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Business Development Manager, Business Development, Field Sales Executive, Area Sales Rep, Sales Consultant, Sales Representative, Hair and Beauty, Field Sales, Beauty Sales, B2B Sales, Territory Sales, Sales. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerHairBeauty_job****