Title: Executive Search Associate
Webindex: 71338265
Company: Truenorth
Description: Executive Search Associate Central London Competitive Salary Package The chance to get your career on the road to success True North is a resourcing consultancy comprising two brands that work with businesses going through periods of dynamic change. Our mission is to partner dynamic organizations to help them achieve their human capital goals through bespoke executive search and talent consulting solutions. Our values of innovation, pride, agility, tenacity and accountability are at the heart of everything we do. They define our character and guide us through every working day. In our growth we are looking for bright university graduates who are keen to pursue a career in talent acquisition and headhunting. The core skills you need for a career in this industry are; to be a people person  develop relationships with clients and candidates that you can cherish and build on. We wants someone who is hard working, has attention to detail, an eye for top end talent, and is driven by achieving their goals and targets on a daily basis. This role has a CLEAR PROGRESSION PATH which can be achieved with hard work and success, you will be mentored by a senior consultant who will help you develop and learn, therefore this is great place to kick start your career. The role of a recruitment consultant will require a character which can easily develop new relationships with clients and candidates alike and be able to keep up with a fast paced and dynamic working life. Responsibilities will include: Research projects  for clients and senior consultants Helping to generating new business, coming up with new strategies and innovative ideas Building excellent relationships with clients and candidates Interviewing candidates  some of which will be much more senior than yourself Attending social events with clients and candidates Offering and placing candidates in top range roles Managing your own deadlines, clients and candidates  hitting your targets Skills required: University degree preferably with a ****:**** or above Microsoft Office Confident communicator Organization, time management, attention to detail. Polite, confident and professional