Title: Delegate Sales Executive
Webindex: 66935459
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Delegate Sales Executive ****  ****  Comm Our client a market leading events conference firm created to deliver knowledge and networking for professionals is looking to recruit a Delegate Sales Executive to join their prestigious London team. The company has a long history in delivering some of the best conference in their respective fields. They work across a variety of profitable sectors, which are developing well in the current financial climate. The company is viewed by others in the industry as one of the top firms in the conference world and starting / continuing your career here will give you a very strong foundation for the future The company not only provides a great benefits package but also an unrivalled commission package As a Delegate Sales Executive, your role will entail speaking with senior directors at major firms throughout the world. You will be having intelligent commercial conversations about their business, their strategies and where they think their particular industry is moving. The role will entail both the telephone but also facetoface meetings along with some international travel to various conferences through Europe. As an individual you will be target driven and business orientated, maximising revenue and identifying opportunities. With confidence and an assertive attitude you will be motivated to succeed and achieve goals laid down by your manager. You will have excellent communication skills with the ability to build strong rapport with new and existing clients quickly. Previous experience in delegate sales is advantageous but not essential as training will be provided for those who adapt fast and have the determination to take on board challenges with ease. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of an exciting media company offering great benefits. If you have the skills apply now Key Responsibilities of the Delegate Sales Executive include: . Developing and generating new business by investigating the market and being ahead of the competition . Attending industry conferences and events . Achieve sales targets for the companies product . Generating new business opportunities and building good relationships with existing and new customers . Attending and contributing to sales meetings . Representing the company to the highest standards of professionalism and efficiency to all clients and customers Qualities we're looking for in the Delegate Sales Executive include: . Previous experience in B2B media sales,/exhibition and events is advantageous . Understanding of the sales process with proven experience of uncovering and comprehending the needs of customers . Excellent telephone and facetoface skills . Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal . Highly motivated and proactive . Ability to update and maintain databases . Excellent knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . A good team player with a strong work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/DelegateSalesExecutive_job****