Title: Agency Sales/Business Development Manager
Webindex: 71615749
Company: SECTION MEDIA
Description: Agency Business Development Manager Online Media Location: Central London Package: Competitive basic  bonus My client is a fast growing and highly successful online media company. The company services over 1.2 million visits per month and boasts a subscriber base of nearly 1.5 million to its weekly newsletters. The company is now searching for a talented and entrepreneurial media sales professional to accelerate the growth of the company s advertising revenues across Display (CPM) and Search (CPC). Part of an already succesful team, this person will take responsibility for a significant portfolio of existing media agencies and direct advertisers and will be tasked with managing and growing those accounts along with developing new business. Key responsibilities: Sell advertising solutions across all verticals to the industry stakeholders Personally manage and grow display revenue and search across main agencies Identify and drive key areas of new business opportunity Cross Sell Display with the use of other media products including Newsletter and Search. Deliver against ambitious revenue targets Work with campaign management specialist to optimise clients campaigns Your profile A proven online media sales professional with a track record of success in competitive markets. Substantial experience and success within direct response and display advertising sales Equally comfortable with agency and client direct sales with a thorough understanding of the tension between the two Existing contacts within the main Media agencies Media Contacts, McCann, MEC, Mindshare, ZenithOptimedia, Conrad, Carat, iProspect  all key. Face to face presentation experience at all levels An entrepreneurial can do approach to business, treating every problem as a challenge Excellent team working skills Strong Excel and Powerpoint knowledge Is this the right role for you? Our environment is exciting, the pace of change is lightening fast. We all have a deep seated belief that we can really make things happen and if you are similarly energetic and prepared to roll your sleeves up and get stuck in you will love the freedom and opportunity that this role will give you.