Title: Specification Sales  Luxury Homes Architects & Interior Designers  London
Webindex: 72444578
Company: Additional Resources Ltd
Description: Specification Sales  Targeting Luxury Homes Architects Interior Designers in London Circa **** base plus attractive uncapped bonus, car / allowance and benefits Home based Company Our Client is an established and successful designer and manufacturer of high quality electrical fixtures and fittings (lighting, controllers, switches etc) used in the interiors of new buildings including luxury new home developments in London. The Business has grown by 50% in 2012 to achieve a turnover of 17M. Its innovative products are mainly designed inhouse and complement the objectives of modern interior design and architectural schemes for new luxury homes, helping deliver appropriate atmosphere and functionality, suited to the sophisticated lifestyles and aspirations of today's buildings owners and users. Position The luxury new homes market in London is of particular importance to our client. Buildings and refurbishment projects in this sector will form an increasingly important market for the company`s portfolio of designerled electrical accessory products which are installed in buildings interiors. Presently there is remarkably healthy ten year pipeline of over **** prime residential units at various stages of planning and delivery in London valued at just under **** billion. This level of expenditure bucks the depressed trend in other sectors of industry in the present economic recession and is of great significance to our client. The business has proved that its products help interior design schemes to achieve their objectives and thereby help sell new homes in this competitive market place. This is of great importance to builders, architects and project managers. Often installed at eye level these products are designed to blend into interior schemes and the advanced levels of performance complement the technological advances in buildings management such as smart home technology. The company is now seeking to further strengthen its relationships with the architect and interior design communities in the London region with the appointment of an Interior Design Consultant focussed primarily on increasing awareness of company products and their relevance to new residential and hotel developments. The position will strengthen existing, and build new, relationships with interior designers / architects etc helping ensure that the company proposition is understood and that its products are well positioned to be specified into new developments. Products are premium positioned and the company is well respected for quality, innovative and bespoke design, plus pre and post sales support. These products are not available through the usual retail channels. This is an excellent opportunity for someone to build an increased presence for the business in London. The position offers a great deal of autonomy and the opportunity to represent the company in this sector across London. The role will report to the Commercial Manager for London who is responsible for all channels to market in the South of England. Skills Experience Candidates will possess creative flair and be familiar with the residential architect and interior design communities in London focused on luxury new homes or related area. Candidates will possess relevant academic and / or vocational qualifications. Candidates will have experience of working with the desired routes to market but electrical industry experience is not necessary  relevant product training (features benefits) will be given. We are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies Employment Businesses Regulations **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SpecificationSalesLuxuryHomesArchitectsInteriorDesignersLondon_job****