Title: Digital New Business Manager
Webindex: 69077965
Company: Aardman Animations
Description: Digital New Business Manager c. ****k pa plus commission Sixmonth contract Bristol Aardman needs someone with expertise and confidence in all things digital, to help generate new business to build on some already impressive achievements About Aardman Think Aardman and you probably think Wallace and Gromit, Shaun the Sheep, or Creature Comforts. But alongside our film, TV and commercials teams our Bristol HQ is also home to a brilliant  and growing  team of animators, designers, developers and producers. We create annoyingly addictive games engaging websites, successful social media campaigns and other exciting interactive content for both Aardman and 3rd party clients. The digital team was set up in **** to teleport our entertainment expertise into the virtual world. We've quickly built an impressive portfolio of work and have picked up a few awards along the way, including BAFTAs for our Wallace and Gromit's World of Invention website and an interactive movie project we worked on with Tate, Fallon and tens of thousands of children. Now we're looking to accelerate  and that's where you come in??? About you In this brand new role you'd work closely with our Heads of Digital and Partner Content to launch a successful new business strategy for Digital. Then it would be up to you to bring it to life, by exciting existing and prospective clients with our digital capabilities. You will seek out new opportunities, translating them into creative briefs and with our Producers and Creative teams helping to close deals. You'll need a solid overview of the digital landscape and a good radar for knowing what's on the horizon when it comes to interactive entertainment and new technology. A huge part of the job is cultivating leads, so the right person needs to know who's who in family entertainment, brands and the like. You'll need to be a strong presenter  someone who's confident in front of clients and creatives. If you've got experience of monetising digital content too, that would be ideal. The job is initially for sixmonths but we hope it will be the start of big things for both of us. There's a desk for you in our Bristol HQ, where you'll find all the usual creative creature comforts including umpteen types of tea and coffee, a lovely canteen, a masseur and (not least) some really affable colleagues. We're fairly flexible about how many days you spend here in the office but we expect you'll need to be out and about a lot of the time. The salary is between ****k pa plus commission. How to apply??? Click the 'Apply' button and send your CV direct to us with a covering letter stating 'Digital New Business Manager' in the subject line. Closing date for applications is Friday **** th February 2013. There's much, much more about us so visit our website