Title: Technical Support Engineer / Web Developer
Webindex: 62113439
Company: Roger Jones Recruitment
Description: Technical Support Engineer / Web Developer RJ**** ****  ****  Benefits Surrey A degree qualified Engineering Graduate is required to join a support team where you will also have the opportunity to participate in some development. This role would suit a recent graduate or junior engineer looking to move their career forwards within a dynamic rapidly growing company. You will have some relevant engineering experience, showing a passion for engineering with personal projects (outside of your degree) in Web Development particularly for data driven websites using PHP JavaScript HTML SOAP MySQL. You will also have demonstrated the ability to understand and articulate computer networking, IP addressing and Ethernet protocols over the telephone and by email to customers in order to provide technical support. You will also need some experience of technical sales. You will be involved in some Web Development for internal applications or for customer solutions, along with providing technical support to customers. You will also be responsible for understanding customer needs, identify existing product solutions/configurations, quoting prices, taking orders. A key part of this role is taking responsibility for problem solving and you will require tenacity to find the root cause of the customer's problem. Customer issues vary from the trivial to complex protocol / configuration requests. You will be tracing and debugging issues across a range of operating systems, databases, networks and hardware. To be considered you will need to demonstrate the following skills: Essential Requirements:  A degree in Engineering/Computer Science.  Personal projects in Web Development for data driven websites using PHP JavaScript HTML SOAP MySQL.  Customer technical support.  Computernetworking, IP addressing, Ethernet protocols.  Technical sales. Desirable Requirements:  Good analytical/problem solving skills.  Good customer facing skills. Our client Eseye is a specialist Communications Company headquartered in Guildford. They operate global mobile data networks for connecting machines back to the internet. Their customers use Eseye's networks for securely communicating with their products in real time all over the world. As an end to end service provider they get involved in all aspects of delivering connected devices; from product design and embedded firmware, through mobile networks, to data collection and cloud based web portals. An ever increasing customer base of blue chip companies relies on their products and services for their business critical solutions. Sectors they get involved in include; security, healthcare, automotive, and supply chain. There is scope within this role to get involved in development, relating to Web Development particularly for data driven websites using PHP JavaScript HTML SOAP MySQL. This is a fantastic career opportunity to join a fast growing company delivering mission critical service to blue chip clients. For further information, please contact Roger Jones. We specialise in technical recruitment, feel free to call for an informal discussion. engineering degree computer networking ip addressing ethernet protocols web development php javascript html soap mysql data driven technical sales support