Title: Sales / Telesales Executive with B2B Experience
Webindex: 68574940
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: A complete property and facilitates maintenance company for both home and business are seeking an experienced Sales / Telesales Executive with Experience of B2B Sales to join their expanding team in London. They offer highly experienced professional tradespeople for every job, providing Plumbers, Drainage Engineers, Gas Engineers, Electricians, Gardeners, Landscapers, Painters, Decorators, IT and Computer Repair Engineers, Satellite Engineers, Aerial Engineers, Audio Visual Engineers, Home Security Engineers, Handymen and even Carpet Fitters. They service households and businesses across London and are expanding all the time. Their aim is to provide customers with a fast, efficient service at a reasonable price using honest and trustworthy trade persons. As a B2B Sales / Telesales Executive you will:  Aim to make the right calls to the right people.  Talk to schools, hotels, estate agents and local councils etc .  Maintain a professional manner at all times and know how to speak to the right person.  Meet set targets. This is not a job for people who are scared to pick up the phone. You must be thick skinned and be able to handle rejection as well as have the ability to think on your feet. The ideal B2B Sales / Telesales Executive will be able to demonstrate the following:  Previous outbound telesales experience in B2B or similar.  Money hungry.  Ability to meet and exceed targets.  Organised and professional.  Excellent communication and negotiation skills. This is not a job for people who cant handle rejection, targets are being hit. Full training will be given on all products and services. Initially you will be given a **** month temporary contract to show what you can do. After that you will be offered a full permanent contract. This job offers career progression in a growing industry for the right candidate so if you believe you have what it takes please apply. In return you will receive a salary of