Title: Area Sales Manager  Catering Wholesale  Manchester
Webindex: 69004534
Company: Icon Resourcing Ltd
Description: My Client: Is one of the largest and most progressive food retailers in the UK with an annual turnover in excess of **** billion. Having delivered substantial market growth over the last 7 years they are now at the forefront of their sector and continuing to expand in the UK and abroad. Due to continued growth and internal promotions we are now recruiting for a Catering Development Manager to deliver increased sales and drive customer retention within their existing client base. The role: The purpose of a Catering Development Manager is to maintain and develop my clients existing catering customer portfolio through defined work practices and by achieving individual sales objectives. As a Catering Development Manager you will identify, source and acquire new catering customer accounts and help grow the company s own brands, maximising market share and retention. Working in conjunction with the Catering Development Controller and Branch Managers in your area you will develop the existing customer base and identify new customers via customer category management, canvassing and company sales initiatives. As a Catering Development Manager you will provide a link between the customer and my client, gaining feedback and ensuring that my client is delivering the service that their customers are looking for. About you: The successful candidate will: Have a minimum **** yr experience within the Catering/Wholesale/Hospitality/Retail environment dealing with independent caterers and businesses Knowledge and a passion for food and drink Have a proven track record of gaining knowledge of current customer requirements and potential future requirements Operate a collaborative approach to problem solving in conjunction with the customer base and colleagues to achieve win, win solutions Display proven financial and commercial awareness facing their current company and customers Operate balanced decision making based on needs of the customer and the company objectives Have the ability to understand the impact of decisions on the profitability of the organisation Proactive selling approach using a variety of skills to overcome objections In addition to this you will be PC literate and have exposure to Profit and Loss accounts. You will also have a passion and knowledge of the FMCG and/or Catering sectors. What s on offer? A basic salary of up to ****  Car  Bonus  Benefits is on offer to the successful candidate