Title: Dutch Language
Webindex: 69001046
Company: Bond Recruitment
Description: Our client based in Bournemouth is seeking a fluent Dutch and English Speaking Business Development Agent to join their team: Business Development Agent s (BDA) role is an outbound telephone based role to represent our clients in a professional and knowledgeable manner. You will be provided with extensive training and support in variety of areas such as soft skills, organisation, commercial awareness and technology. Below is an outline of the main duties of BDAs: ? **** telephone work (business to business calling)  making between 120150 calls on a daily basis ? Conversing at high levels with potential clients or customers ? Preparing comprehensive reports for our clients ? Database management and quality assurance ? Enthusiasm for IT on the telephone ? Participate in training sessions and have a willingness to learn ? Communicate new ideas and concepts to high level IT management ? Achieve targets and objectives set by campaign managers Our clients expect results for their campaigns, therefore we operate a target driven environment and you will be expected to fulfil set objectives on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. The Role If you feel that a job where you are required to make a high volume of outbound calls on a daily basis is not suited for you, then please do not apply for the job. Benefits of Business Development Agent s Role Whatever your experience and career position, this role offers many opportunities for selfdevelopment and progression, especially to: ? Improve your communication skills ? Increase your commercial awareness ? Understand marketing techniques ? Learn technical concepts ? Earn good basic pay and bonuses for achieving and overachieving your target ? Be promoted to Senior Business Development Agent in recognition of your efforts ? Have a prospect for further promotions to Team Leader or Campaign Manager ? Be placed in a suitable position within our client base as another option for career progression (relocation might be necessary) Other benefits