Title: Junior Sales Representative
Webindex: 69002885
Company: Hunt 4 Staff
Description: Our client is a leading and fast growing provider of maintenance support, services and hire of forklifts to commercial industry and business. An exciting opportunity has arisen for a selfmotivated, ambitious and driven Junior Sales Representative to sell service contracts and shortterm hire agreements to clients and businesses across Yorkshire, the Humber and north Lincolnshire. With no experience necessary, the Junior Sales Representative will be responsible for their own diary of appointments. Time will be spent either on the road or at the office contacting prospective customers and followingup enquiries by phone. Full training will be given, to the successful candidate who can demonstrate a friendly, courteous, enthusiastic and positive attitude, with a drive to achieve the highest standards and sales. An ability to understand the client s needs is essential, whilst an interest and understanding of mechanics and vehicles would be an advantage. Commission on top of basic wage plus serious and realistic prospects of promotion to a more senior sales role within the company. Hunt4Staff is operating as a recruitment advertising partner. As such, every application will be passed directly to our client. As a candidate, you can be confident your application will reach the recruiting decision maker. Your duties as a Junior Sales Representative will include: Contacting clients and businesses by phone, following leads and calling cold. Researching and booking your own appointments. Driving throughout the Yorkshire, Humber and north Lincolnshire region to meet new and existing clients. Reporting to the senior Sales Manager. The ideal candidate will possess the following skills and qualities: Excellent communication skills both face to face and by telephone. Ability to think on your feet and work on your own initiative. Be wellorganised, methodical and ambitious. Good at managing own workload and able to cope with pressure. Present a professional image  be trustworthy, punctual and polite. Full driving licence. Salary and reward package: Basic ****k****k, depending on skills and experience. Uncapped commission with realistic on target earnings (OTE) ****k****k. Genuine prospects of this leading to a senior sales role with OTE ****k. Company vehicle provided