Title: TRAINEE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT  FULL TRAINING & GREAT PROSPECTS
Webindex: 71189194
Company: Ask Associates
Description: Excellent Trainee Recruitment Consultant opportunity with an establsihed, dynamnic recruitment consultancy in Wilmslow We are looking for bright, hard working, ambitious candidates to join this exciting company as a Trainee Recrutiment Consultant Who are they? A market leader in IT Recruitment is currently looking for bright, focused and driven trainee recruitment consultants to work in the last paced, vibrant offices based in central Wilmslow. They are currently recruiting for candidates who are looking to build a career in the contracts team. Since their inception in **** they have grown significantly and their aim is to create an environment that people enjoy coming to work for. Each employee is given the opportunity to run and develop their own business and given the autonomy to make decisions. What are they looking for? They are looking for bright, focused and driven graduates and graduate calibre candidates with a real passion for success and over achieving. Commercial experience in a target driven or sales driven environment is preferred yet not essential. The most important thing is the likeability factor and the drive to want to build and develop long term relationships. You must be proactive, driven, focused and ready for a long term career in a fun, fast paced career driven environment. You must have a good understanding of what recruitment is. What will your job role involve? Recruitment is a sales driven sales role and you will be focusing on the contract IT market. You will be focusing on developing new business placing IT professionals into the market. You will spend approximately 70% of the day on the telephone. This role is a sales role, IT IS NOT ABOUT HELPING PEOPLE You must want to work in a professional commercial environment and have a good understanding of what recruitment is. What can the company offer you? Here is an example of some of the perks they can offer you when you join the company  Up to 40% commission and no threshold  Competitive salary with regular pay reviews  Fast track career progression  Structured and ongoing training and development  A passionate, driven and ambitious environment to work in  Blackberry phone  Incentives including achievers lunches, trips away Ie New York and Berlin  Gym membership for all  Holiday voucher targets for exceptional performance Interested? Want to hear more? Please call Ask Associates today This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TRAINEERECRUITMENTCONSULTANTFULLTRAININGGREATPROSPECTS_job****