Title: Sponsorship Sales Executive  Exchange Summits Division
Webindex: 72236951
Company: IQPC
Description: IQPC Exchange (London) The IQPC Exchange (London) presents a unique opportunity to join an events team that is the fastest division within IQPC.http://www.iqpc.com/ExchangeGlobal.aspx The Exchange Concept An Exchange is a unique, invitation only event driven by prescheduled business meetings between prequalified service providers and senior executives. Thoughtprovoking conference sessions, Brainweave™ discussions and innovative networking opportunities round out the agenda resulting in three days of focused, structured business development. Unlike traditional conferences or tradeshows, the primary focus and benefit of the Exchange is for new relationships to be forged and existing partnerships to be enhanced. Exchange only invites senior executives with the highest credentials and service providers with the most cuttingedge capabilities. Sponsorship Sales Consultant As a Sponsorship Sales Consultant, you will play a key role in the success of IQPC. You will work within a dedicated Sponsorship Sales Team and be managed and mentored by one of our experienced Sales Managers. On a daily basis you will be proactively selling sponsorship packages for our leading edge product portfolio to existing and potential IQPC Exchange partners over the telephone. Every client contact count, and you will be using world class sales tools and techniques in order to diagnose client needs and match those with our product offering. Our standards are exceptionally high, and from the moment you join the business, you will receive world class training and development in order to help you achieve excellence. For ambitious and talented sales professionals, there is an accelerated career path to management level, and unlimited opportunity to earn. Main Duties and Responsibilities: Generate sponsorship sales revenue in line with agreed targets objectives Work with sales manager to ensure agreed Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) are met on a consistent basis Uphold the mission values and goals of IQPC Build excellent sustainable client relationships Interact with senior business decision makers in a credible and commercially focused way Competencies Qualifications: 18months  good B2B sales experience Excellent working understanding of consultative sales approach The drive and determination to succeed within a highly competitive environment An entrepreneurial approach and positive attitude Excellent communication skills and telephone manner Resilience and tenacity An analytical approach to problem solving Excellent team working skills A highly motivated self starter Open to change and new ideas Confident, and assertive Results driven Ambitious and constantly striving for excellence and success Team focused This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SponsorshipSalesExecutiveExchangeSummitsDivision_job****