Title: Sales Support – UK, SE Eng – ****  Asset Finance
Webindex: 70252001
Company: New Leaf Search Ltd
Description: Our client is seeking a Sales Support coordinator to manage and organize the Operations team administrational duties. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: To work within the Operations team and provide full sales and administrative support to customers, introducers, suppliers and colleagues. To ensure all proposals are filed away, all payouts are filed on site before being prepared for offsite scanning and storage. To ensure all customers welcome letters are sent in a timely manner. To manage other administration roles within the Operations team including sorting incoming and outgoing post, direct debit mandates, managing incoming emails and faxes and issuing settlement quotes. Help to build and maintain effective working relationships with introducers (brokers, vendors and direct salesmen) via regular and direct contact with them, and play a significant part in the daytoday account management of these relationships. You will entail frequent telephone contact with the introducers and on some occasions telephone contact with customers and suppliers. To provide cover for the other Operations Coordinators during periods of absence. To undertake any other duties as specified from time to time in accordance with business requirements. PERSON SPECIFICATION: Excellent communication skills – both verbal and written. Good literacy and numeric skills – minimum GCSE in Math’s or English or equivalent. Good working knowledge of MS Office – particularly in Word and Excel. The ability to manage a varied workload. The ability to work at a quick pace, accurately and effectively whilst working to tight deadlines in what will often be a pressurized environment. To be able to prioritize duties in such a manner that both internal and external expectations are achieved. To be willing to work in a collaborative manner as part of a team and the ability to work under own initiative when required. Ability to deal with individuals at all levels, both within the organization and externally whilst remaining calm and assured under pressure, dealing with issues as they arise in a calm and professional manner. Excellent attention to detail. Experience of working in a financial services environment would be an advantage. Experience of working in a role involving external customer service would be an advantage. We are keen to receive applications from candidates with proven relevant experience from the Leasing and Asset Finance industry only. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesSupportUKSEEng****AssetFinance_job****