Title: Conference Events Sales Executive
Webindex: 72352072
Company: CV Wow.com
Description: Would you like to work for one of the nations favourite and most well known leisure brands in the UK? There is now an exciting opportunity for a Conference Events Sales Executive to join the team in Hemel Hempstead. The Opportunity The Purpose of the role is to assist clients who are enquiring about holding their events at one of our three resorts. You will work to convert these enquiries in to confirmed business. The position is based in Hemel Hempstead, although there will be some travelling required. Travel expenses are covered. Duties will include: Logging and managing all incoming sales enquiries Work to agreed conversion and sales targets Supporting the National Sales Manager in building new business relationships with prospective customers whilst retaining and growing business from our current clients. Offering reports on business and status within the pipeline on a weekly basis The Individual The perfect candidate will already have prior experience in a reactive sales environment, ideally within the hospitality and events sectors. You would also need to be highly organised and numerate with experience in developing longterm profitable client relationships. In order to be successful in this role, you will ideally need a flexible and adaptive approach and be able to plan for results. You will also need: An understanding of the consultative sales process To be results driven A high standard of customer care An ability to adapt to new systems and processes An excellent telephone manner To be computer literate Word Excel essential A high standard of grammar and spelling Excellent time keeping and attendance record If this is you, please click the apply button. Job Title: Conference Events Sales Executive Job Location: Hemel Hempstead Salary: ****k  Commission No terminology in the advert you have seen is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation, and we will gladly accept applications from all sections of the community. You should receive a form of response within 28 days of applying. By applying for a vacancy through Kudos People Ltd you will automatically be allocated with a unique username and password to our award winning recruitment company. To take full advantage register your details in full and access thousands of vacancies. Should you not wish to complete your registration please email cvwowcom.a****lgapiv****rkcvwow.aptrack.co