Title: Business Development Manager  Database Sales
Webindex: 69825602
Company: Incisive Media plc
Description: Celebrating 20 years of unparalleled quality data provision, Unquote” is the leading database, news and analysis service for the European private equity industry. Unquote” records thousands of private equity transactions each year, as well details of the investors in those transactions and is an essential worktool for decision makers at the very highest level of private equity investment. The Role Alongside the database the unquote brand also runs a series of successful European conferences and awards ceremonies and sits within the Financial Risk Management and Alternative Assets division of Incisive Media – the largest division in the company. We are seeking an exceptional individual, critical to the future growth of the Unquote” business. The Business Development Manager will have responsibility for sourcing leads and selling to senior executives at large private equity firms, banks, law firms and other advisory groups throughout Europe. The Business Development Manager will work with the Publisher and the wider sales team to create detailed plans for generating new business: targeting customers and ensuring that we have contact with decisionmakers at those firms. The ability to understand client data requirements and to identify wider opportunities for business development will be paramount, as will attention to good customer service. The candidate should express a passion for developing a career in database sales. In return, Unquote” will provide the opportunities to help the individual thrive working within a dynamic team and on a truly exceptional and marketleading brand. Overseas business travel will be essential and the candidate must be adaptable and flexible enough to accommodate this. The Benefits In little more than a decade, Incisive Media has grown from the launch publisher of a single B2B financial magazine to a global business media company with a portfolio that is the envy of its peers. Whether communicating in print, in person or online, Incisive Media prides itself on its entrepreneurial culture, creating marketleading products for the industries we serve. As you would expect from a leading specialist business information provider, we place a high value on our employees and are striving to be an employer of choice. In doing so we offer highly attractive rewards packages, an environment where performance is recognised and rewarded, jobs and careers are fostered and people are respected to ensure we attract and retain the calibre of people that we need for our rapidly expanding business. Salary: Dependent on Experience  Competitive OTE No Agencies This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerDatabaseSales_job****