Title: Sales Assistant / Sales Advisor Immediate Start
Webindex: 70333188
Company: Skyline Marketing
Description: Sales Assistant / Sales Advisor. Immediate Start Our focus is giving customers the entertainment they want, how they want it We are now financially positioned for growth in all business areas. It s an exciting time to join the sales customer service team Love Movies and Games? Bring your enthusiasm and experience We re looking for high energy, a positive attitude and selfmotivation. If you re looking for full time hours, advancement opportunities and other great perks this could be the beginning of a beautiful future. We are THE BIGGEST marketing company that has just taken on a TOP ENTERTAINMENT CLIENT and is opening its doors for new people to start working with us in sales and promotions Never had experience in Marketing? No Problem We pride ourselves on training and developing people with little or no experience in our industry management prospects for the more ambitious. Our client has in a little over seven years become the leading European film subscription service, combining the benefits of DVD rental by post and, more recently, watching movies online. Customers choose from a selection of over **** titles available across Bluray, DVDs, video games and digital streaming. Our client currently has nearly 1.6 million members and operates in the UK, Germany, Sweden, Denmark, and Norway. However they want to continue this growth so we are looking to work with selfmotivated and enthusiastic individuals to help us with this expansion in the BIRMINGHAM area You will speak with potential customers facetoface where they live about their entertainment ideas and qualifying them to use our new client. To be successful, you will have:  Great customer service skills as you will be meeting with customers face to face however no sales experience is necessary  A bubbly and friendly attitude towards work, life, and customers  Be hard working and self motivated  Be able to work well independently No previous experience is required as we will provide full product training through both practical and theoretical workshops. However, knowledge of trivia, sports and usage of an iPad can speed up the learning process Due to the high demand of our growing marketing business we place priority on individuals who are able to start ASAP. What you should do: Please send your CV with the best contact number and a cover letter explaining why you are the right candidate. Only candidates who are being short listed for this self employed role will be contacted for an appointment. With limited openings we are looking for people who are available immediately. To protect our clients and to help fill openings quickly all applicants who are a non resident will need to show proof that you are legible to legally work in the UK. All applicants not locally based will have their applications rejected. Earnings are based on completed sales only with average earnings of **** **** per week. Send us your CV NOW as we are looking for IMMEDIATE STARTS Over 18 years of age and still interested? Then apply now by telling us how awesome you are and why you want to work with us and forward it along with your CV. This is a self employed role. In an effort to find the right people to represent our clients and help expand our industry, we routinely invite people to spend a full day in the field observing our sales operations. The day is designed to help the decisionmaking process and participants do not receive compensation, but they get a chance to see if the opening is best for them.