Title: AREA SALES ENGINEER  WELDING PRODUCTS  MIDLANDS
Webindex: 70254594
Company: Sales Recruitment Services
Description: Vacancy No **** Job Title AREA SALES ENGINEER WELDING PRODUCTS  MIDLANDS Job Description We are retained by one of Europe’s leading manufacturers of WELDING EQUIPMENT and ANCILLARY PRODUCTS who due to continued successin the UK market place are seeking to recruit a professional AREA SALES ENGINEER. Our Client is the UK division of a company who are regarded as Market Leaders in their sector both in Europe and the UK. Our Client has a particular business culture and sales method. They are a manufacturer selling a solution in a consultative style. This person should already be deployed in this business sector, with relevant experience of selling welding equipment and have a qualification in welding as they will be expected to carry out hands on demonstrations of the equipment they are representing. Our client will also consider candidates that have a NVQ qualification in welding who are seeking to move into a sales role, but they would need some indication of an aptitude to acquire, retain and deploy technical knowledge that they give to them. This could be specific or general knowledge that can be demonstrated. You should be selfmotivated, a selfstarter, with attention to the service aspect of their client relationship. Our Client does not want just superb deal closers who then can’t sustain a relationship through service and support. Our Client expect to retain and develop the customers that they win and work with them in partnership, growing turnover with them, by adding product, through their development as a business – product innovations and high performance servicing of the account. Our Client prefers those that consider themselves business managers, as well as salespeople, rather than just a salesperson. Our Client looks for high ownership of their activity on their behalf, an ability to understand the balance required between loyalty to them, the principal, and the client, their customer. Our Client requires a holistic approach to clients, understanding the brief, and attempting to match their needs, both in the initial negotiating phase and in the trading and development phase. Our Clients products require a technical sell. Therefore they expect a reasonable level of technical knowledge of this sector and how they work. Again, if an ASM does do not have the knowledge, he/she should be able to demonstrate an aptitude to understand and use this type of knowledge, which they can provide. ASM Location Our Client expects that the successful candidate will be or will be committed to living within the geographical location of the area, ideally central to that area. Training is provided, and is ongoing. This is an opportunity to join a company who’s products are held in high regard at an exciting stage in their development in the UK construction sector. Location/Area MIDLANDS Salary ****  ****k  (dependant on experience) Benefits Car, Laptop, Mobile, etc If you are interested in this role, please apply now by sending your details to registersrsuk.com . All successful applicants will be contacted within 7 days. We are constantly seeking candidates within the Construction Material Sales Sector in the following roles: Sales Manager, Account Manager, Business Development Manager, Specification Sales Executive, Specification Sales Manager, Branch Manager, Field Sales, Account Executive, Key Account Manager, Field Sales Executive, Field Sales Representative, National Account Manager, Account Executive, Territory Sales Executive, Area Sales Manager and National Sales Manager. SRS specialise invacancies within the construction materials industry in the following sectors Builders Merchants, Distribution, Wholesale, Manufacturers, Architects, Specifiers, Contractors, Civil Engineers, Civils Specifiers, Housebuilders, Developers, Local Authorities, Housing Associations, M E Contractors, M E Specifiers, Plant and Tool Hirein the product categories of :Brick Block Sales, Roofing Sales, Kitchens andBathroom Sales, Plumbing Sales, Aggregates Concrete Sales, PPE Sales, Boiler Sales, Radiator Sales, Building Control Sales, Drainage Sales, Ventilation and Air Management Sales, Insulation Sales, Door Control Sales, Ironmongery Sales, Plant Hire, Modular Accommodation Sales, Building System Sales, PlasticWindow Sales, Plasterboard Sales, Renewable Energy System Sales, Solar Heating Sales, HVAC Sales, Heavy Side Materials, Light Side Materials, Civil Engineering Material Sales, KBB, Groundwork Specialist Sales, SIPS Sales, Timber Sheet and Board Sales, Timber Frame Building Sales and all other construction materials sales. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AREASALESENGINEERWELDINGPRODUCTSMIDLANDS_job****