Title: Graduate Sales Executive  leading media business
Webindex: 68704277
Company: Ad Lib
Description: Are you one of those rare shining talents, full of drive, motivation and enthusiasm with a burning desire to find that brilliant graduate media sales executive position? A fantastic media and marketing business in Bath is looking to expand their media sales team further with the addition of a firstrate graduate media sales executive and that person could be you With a broad and impressive product portfolio to their name (to say nothing of their client list which boasts household names and big brands), we are looking for the most astute and commercially aware graduates with a passion for media sales to join their successful and dynamic advertising sales team. As a Graduate Media Sales Executive, you`ll be providing a consultative sale across their portfolio, engaging in a high level of outbound sales calls to maximise revenue and new business opportunities. And as an impeccable communicator with a top notch telephone manner, you`ll ooze the charm and confidence needed to successfully close a sale over the phone. Ideally, you`ll be able to boast a couple of years` sales experience, preferably from a media or marketing discipline however this is not essential. What is most important is your character. You must possess drive and determination in abundance and be motivated by smashing targets and earning unlimited commission. This isn`t the kind of role for someone who just fancies the idea of a sales career  you must be passionate about it to the point where nothing else will do. If all that sounds like you, and you fancy the idea of a basic salary of in the region of ****k****k (depending on experience) with a completely openended commission scheme, fabulous benefits including a pension and life insurance then get in touch. Here`s an opportunity to set yourself on the road to a glittering media sales career with a company that has a tremendous track record in developing graduates into the finished article so why wait? Send in your CV to us immediately for consideration. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateSalesExecutiveleadingmediabusiness_job****