Title: Sales Relationship Coordinator
Webindex: 67639199
Company: IDEX Consulting LLP
Description: Sales Relationship Coordinator Location: Birmingham City Centre Salary: Circa **** plus bonus (depending upon skills and experience) Hours: Fulltime, Monday to Friday, working shifts between the hours of 9am and 8pm My client has a unique business model providing tailored financial advice, products and services to clients in the medical, dental, legal and teaching professions and our success has been recognised through prestigious awards and significant growth. In order to enhance their customer proposition, they have developed a Sales Relationship Centre and now have exciting opportunities for Sales Relationship Coordinators to join their expanding team to start in December 2012. Within this phone based role, you will be responsible for proactively contacting clients to book appointments for Financial Consultants as well as prospecting and supporting opportunities that will increase lead supply and appointment activity, therefore experience of outbound calling would be preferred. You will need to have excellent communication and interpersonal skills as this role will interact with clients as well as Financial Consultants. The ability to build strong relationships, empathise with and actively listen to a client s needs is key. It is also vital that you have the confidence and ability to think on your feet and to ask appropriate questions and overcome objections. My client are looking for individuals who thrive on achieving targets and receiving recognition for good performance through a capped bonus scheme. As this is a target driven role, you will need to be self motivated to achieve targets. Even though previous experience of working to targets is desirable, you will need to have a driven and resilient approach in order to attain outstanding results. My client are regulated by the Financial Services Authority. Therefore, they are looking for candidates who are capable of working to regulatory requirements and have a high level of attention to detail. So, if you re ready to prove your skills and abilities in a high profile, fast paced and rewarding role within a mutual financial services organisation, we would like to hear from you. Successful candidates will be starting towards the end of this year. Please visit (url removed) for further opportunities. Foot Note: If your application is successful we will contact you to discuss the opportunity in more detail within **** hours of receiving your application. If your application is unsuccessful, the information supplied may still be retained for use in connection with future vacancies. Due to the overwhelming application response we receive through various sources, should you not hear from us within one week then please assume your application has been unsuccessful