Title: Roofing Sales Manager/ Roofing Account Manager
Webindex: 67638879
Company: Randstad Retail
Description: Roofing Sales Manager/ Roofing Account Manager  Devon Package/Benefits ****kOTE Company car Pension/Life Assurance  other bens THE COMPANY My client is a market leading distributor of products for the construction industry with a nationwide branch network. They are looking for roofing specialists to grow roofing sales in the Devon area. THE ROLE To manage and develop a portfolio of roofing accounts. Designing and implementing a roofing range Meeting and exceeding sales targets. Develop client relationships offering high levels of customer service at all times. To identify and develop new business to maximise growth of roofing sales Offering product advice and training to maximise roofing sales. KNOWLEDGE/ EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS Experience and excellent knowledge of roofing products essential Knowledge of local market and competition Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with proven evidence of leading and influencing. Customer relationship management experience with ability to maximise new sales opportunities. Exceptional sales and customer relationship building skills Significant sales experience with a proven track record of delivery Ability to identify and understand business opportunities and build long term relationships with customers PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES Problem solving/ opportunity identification Adaptation Flexibility If you would like to apply for this position, please email your CV or call Nicola Kennedy on (Apply online only) This vacancy is being handled by Randstad Retail. Randstad Retail is the retail specialist division of Randstad, who act as an employment business and employment agency and are registered in England and Wales no **** as Randstad Retail Ltd. Registered office address First Floor, Regent Court, Laporte Way, Luton, Beds, LU**** ****SB. In the event that you are contacted for a role, please note that as part of the registration process you shall be required to provide Randstad with proof of identity as well as proof of eligibility to work in the United Kingdom