Title: Senior Agency Sales Executive
Webindex: 71171147
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Senior Agency Sales Executive ****  ****  Comms Looking to get into digital? Looking to work for one of the biggest and most well respected media owners in the world? Are you a brilliant sales person? Then read on. Our client, a leading global broadcaster and online giant, is looking to recruit a Senior Agency Sales Executive to join their vibrant team based in London. You will have the chance to work across the whole of their portfolio, which is a very well respected set of diverese titles, allowing you to talk to a whole range of agencies about the possibility of any one of their clients advertising with you. As Senior Agency Sales Executive, you will be target driven, building and securing revenue from key agency accounts. With enthusiasm and passion you will develop strong relationships with new and existing clients. You will be knowledgeable about the industry and the market enabling you to be aware of competitors and new trends, delivering ideas for new business in assigned agencies/clients researching new sales opportunities and secure additional revenues. Your confidence and efficient attitude will steer you to achieve goals and obtain the best results. You will be proactive when attending meetings and deliver progress reports within a fast moving company and industry. You will ideally have previous digital as sales experience, although if you're just an awesome sales person then get in touch If you have the skills and vision to be part of this exciting, multifaceted organisation then apply now. Key Responsibilities of the Senior Agency Sales Executive include: . Building and securing revenue from the allocated agency and client patch . Developing and generating new business as a way to create new opportunities for the company . Ensuring that all booked business meets the budgeted yield figure . Developing good working relationships with key customers, establishing their online needs . Accurately forecasting and justifying revenue opportunities from the client/agency patch  and subsequently formulating personal targets in conjunction with the Group Head/Ad Manager . dentifying/developing new areas of growth across the portfolio . Ensuring all key agencies are kept up to date with any developments at the company . Liaising and working closely with other major internal departments in order to build and grow the business further . Attending meetings and briefings to report on the progress of the business . Maintaining monthly and quarterly targets are met accordingly Qualities we're looking for in the Senior Sales Executive include: . Previous digital ad sales experience ideal but not necessary . An ability to understand and use research data to create sales stories: ie TGI, Nielsen, Comscore. . Previous experience with developing and driving new business . Strong agency contacts . A good knowledge of digital advertising . Strong understanding of the sales process with proven experience of uncovering and comprehending the needs of customers . A demonstrable sales track record within new business generation . Good knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . Excellent telephone and client facing skills . Excellent communication, negotiation and presentation skills . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focussed . A solid ability to work at all levels . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorAgencySalesExecutive_job****