Title: HOME BASED KEY ACCOUNT MANAGER
Webindex: 70254107
Company: K2 Resourcing
Description: An amazing opportunity to join the leading global manufacturer of electrical products This home based position allows you to live anywhere in the UK as long as you are based not too far from a major UK airport. You will subsequently travel within Europe on a regular basis and possibly long haul once or twice a year. In order to succeed in this role you need to be an expert in Technical Sales with a background in engineering and ideally speak one European language. Key Responsibilities are as follows; With the Sales Director, develop a business plan and sales strategy that ensures attainment of company sales goals and profitability. Based from home, manage the customer base by regular visits and phone calls. Travel within Europe on a regular basis, and long haul when required. Prepare and Monitor yearly targets for a budget of approx. 4M. Direct Management and accountability for a number of Key Accounts. Initiate and coordinate development of action plans to penetrate new markets. Provide weekly and monthly reporting as required to Sales Director regarding performance. Produce and manage annual price lists with assistance from Product Marketing Manager, prepare tender documentation, and prepare regular quotations. Be the Technical interface between the customer and company in order to increase sales, gain new business and gain market share. Provide accurate competitive analysis including pricing, competitor activity and technological developments within key markets served. Provide accurate Monthly forecasts by customers, areas and by key projects. Establish and develop professional business relationships with decision makers in Key Accounts. Requirements : Ideally a qualification in Engineering, with second foreign language an advantage. 5 years experience in Fire or security related industries. Successful track record, and proof of exceeding sales targets working with Key Accounts. A career focused, driven individual with the drive to succeed, and make it happen  Candidates who have not received a reply to their cv within 7 days must assume that their application has been unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HOMEBASEDKEYACCOUNTMANAGER_job****