Title: Account Coordinator Supervisor
Webindex: 72235337
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: The purpose of this role is to ensure that good customer service is being provided by the company at all times, and to develop and implement new procedures that will help further improve levels of service. Your team will be supporting the National Accounts Sales team in processing orders, customer deliveries and liaising with logistics/warehouse staff. You will be given free reign to implement new systems and processes that will help drive the quality of the service being received, with a number of key business projects to manage going into 2013. My client`s aims are to win an industry recognised award for outstanding customer service by 2014, so are looking for a driven, experienced supervisor with previous people management experience who can take their current department to the next level. A background in retail sales is an advantage but not essential. Must live near Chichester or be relocatable Founded over 25 years agomy client has grown quickly to become a leading global character brand company. Their broad portfolio includes many well loved brands with strong heritage. As well as its own brands, the company manages a strong licensing portfolio. The company has its headquarters in the South with further divisions in Middlesex, the Midlands and the North and 2011 revenues were in excess of ****m. With their brand portfolio and product mix they`re well positioned to drive for further growth both domestically and internationally. This is a genuine opportunity to have real impact in helping our client build a robust platform for growth over the next period. c **** **** Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/AccountCoordinatorSupervisor_job****