Title: French Technical Sales Support with Product Training
Webindex: 69792443
Company: Euro London Appointments
Description: French Technical Sales Support with Product Training – Buckinghamshire – French Speaking Competitive Salary and package on offer for the right candidate. A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a fluent French speaker to join an international organisation. My Buckinghamshire based client is currently looking for a Technical Sales Support Specialist, who will be supporting sales within the French market. The role will involve: • 50% travel to Europe – visiting European distributors • Identifying and appointing new distributors throughout Europe, in order to remain in line with the Export Sales growth plan. • Ensuring each distributor is product trained and able to use the process to grow and maintain European sales. • Working alongside targeted retailers and maintaining relationships. • Identifying new sales opportunities and raising with the sales team. • Logging customer contact and details accurately • Submitting monthly KPIs and monitoring sector pipeline In order to be considered for this role: • You must have experience in appointing, training and managing distributors in European countries. • Fluency in French and English is essential • You must have experience of working in a multilevel organisation in a support function • You need to be able to demonstrate technical and practical experience • Strong IT skills are also essential – Microsoft Office, Autodesk, Salesforce. If you are interested please contact Nicki Symonds on **** **** or email your CV to n.symondseurolondon.com. Thank you for applying to Euro London Appointments, the UK's largest independent language consultancy. Please be advised that documents will be treated in the strictest of confidence and that your application will not be forwarded without your permission. We aim to respond as promptly as possible to your application, however, due to the high level of CV's we receive we are only able to respond to applicants whose profile matches our Clients requirements. To enquire about other vacancies please visit our website at www.eurolondon.com