Title: Sales Executive / Lead generator / Telesales
Webindex: 71199558
Company: REC Solutions Ltd
Description: Sales Executive / Lead generator / Telesales My client is one of the world s largest exchange companies within the financial/banking industry, my client is where innovation meets action  fueling world s economic growth one investor, one company, one market at a time. Through my clients Corporate Services, companies gain access to innovative products and services that facilitate transparency and inspire better Public Relation, corporate communication and marketing. We provide companies with technology solutions and services that help them identify, target and communicate with their stakeholders. This is a great opportunity to become part of this wellestablished PR services sales team and progress within your career. We require a b2b Sales Executive / Lead generator who has strong cold calling and telesales skills, good knowledge of public relations services sector, commercial clients and public sector clients, to join the team and undergo Telesales to generate leads. Essential Job Functions As a b2b Junior Sales Exec (telesales) / Lead generator you will be generating leads and appointments for the field sales team. Your responsibilities will be:  To call target customers to qualify and identify opportunities for the Sales Directors  To call commercial clients, public sector organizations and other businesses, to obtain new business leads.  b2b Telesales within a business to business environment  Pass qualified leads to Sales Directors ensuring decent quality control based on an understanding of our services and the sector we occupy.  Record all calls into the company s database and keep records updated  Strong cold calling and telesales skills, good knowledge of public relations services sector, commercial clients and public sector Skills Specs  You will have a proven track record in outbound calling ideally in the business to business sector, and preferably have knowledge and understanding of the PR services sector.  Strong cold calling and telesales skills, good knowledge of public relations services sector, commercial clients and public sector  You will have strong communication skills with the ability to influence customers and uncover potential opportunities, be selfmotivated and possess an excellent telephone manner and strong listening and questioning skills.  Able to work in fastpaced environment.  Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.  Highly proficient level computer skills including Ms Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Outlook.  Excellent telephone sales and time management skills.  Highly energetic and selfstarter.  Able to multitask the activities with shifting priorities.  Should be honest, assertive and systematic.  Telesales within a business to business environment A commission structure is in place to incentivise the correct level and quality of appointment generation, and to also reward the success of business generated by the sales team on these appointments. For the right person, this role comes with an excellent career path leading to field sales based on meeting expected KPIs. Key Words: Sales Exec / Leads / Telesales / Business 2 business / B2B / Cold calling / Telesales / Public relations / commercial / public sector