Title: Traffick Executive  Online
Webindex: 71171097
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Traffick Executive  Online ****  Bonus Our client is a leading online video technology company that taken the market by storm Currently looking for a Traffick Executive to join their London office. As Traffick Executive your role will entail managing the launch of new campaigns and publisher partners, implementing changes throughout the life of a campaign. You will be troubleshooting any serving or tracking issues that arise. As a confident and meticulous individual you will oversee all aspects of the interative video campaign launch. You will have a strong understanding of the technology behind third party adserving/tracking companies. With excellent communication skills liasing with customers and managing the intergration of new publishers, discussing intergration options, creating tags and facilitating communication with technology when custom intergrations are required. You will have previous eonline advertsing space experience. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a successful VOD innovative business offering great benefits and share options. If you believe you could be the next rising star within the media industry, apply immediately. The key responsibilities we are looking for in the Traffick Executive include: . Manage asset collection for new advertiser campaigns . Encode video assets in proper formats according to publisher specs . Setup, test and launch new advertiser campaigns . Perform change requests on campaigns from internal and external requestors . Work with external client contacts to resolve creative and tracking issues . Manage the integration of new publishers into the network . Troubleshoot serving issues with publishers as they arise . Contribute to the design, development, extension and enhancement of proprietary Trafficking tools The key qualities we are looking for in the Traffick Executive include: . Previous online VOD experience . Confident in client meetings and conversation . Strong knowledge of key industry tools  (DART, Atlas, HELIOS, Open Adstream, Eyeblaster, Eyewonder, Flash Talking, Liverail, Videoplaza, javaScript) . Familiarity with SQL Strong presentation and negotiation skills . Excellent telephone and facetoface skills . Excellent communication skills both written and verbal . Ability to work individually as well as part of a team . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . A key team player who is able to work in a team as well as individually You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TraffickExecutiveOnline_job****