Title: Creative Solutions Sales Manager
Webindex: 72539745
Company: Oxygen Recruitment Solutions
Description: Our client is a leading media company with multiple properties within the sports market covering print, radio, digital, mobile and IPad and off the back of continued growth they re now seeking to recruit a creative solutions superstar to work in partnership with relevant sales teams across all major media agencies and clients direct in London. Focusing personally on print, digital, IPad and Mobile properties you also work closely with wider teams to create truly integrated cross media campaigns which will see you working closely with relevant media planners to respond to briefs in a truly creative way. Although you will work alongside relevant sales teams you must also be able to pitch in your own ideas to agencies and therefore have a strong combination of both creativity and sales experience. With a desire to be treated like an adult you will be comfortable in managing your own business and show the maturity to really manage your own time and destiny with minimal daily hand holding although full support from a great wider team is in place. The brands you will sell across possess exceptional scope for development and the opportunities available within them are vast. To be considered for this role you could come from either a media agency or media owner sales position with creative solutions/sponsorship being a real plus. Other areas of particular interest include a solid appreciation of the print/digital market where you will have worked in a consumer based capacity with subsequently strong media agency contacts from either working alongside relevant planners or having previously sold to them. Experience of national press/consumer mags is a real advantage and the ability to work to tight deadlines is essential. However there is some flexibility to consider experience from other media channels. Ideally you will also have experience of working with relevant PR agencies and will be comfortable with pitching ideas to clients direct as well as agencies. You will also need to demonstrate a real passion for sport and be motivated by working across various sports markets within multiple sectors covering both core and noncore. Solid experience of sales is essential and you will be a polished and considered presenter with an amazing blend of both creativity and new business. You will part of an exceptional team of people in a fun and friendly environment with some fantastic jollies which will see you attend some exceptional sporting events.