Title: Sales Renewal Representative / Sales Executive
Webindex: 69642372
Company: Zodo Limited
Description: Role: Sales Renewal Representative / Sales Executive Salary: Negotiable, subject to experience Benefits: Health Care plan, Dental & Optical cash back Plan, Life insurance and Income Protection. Opsview is an independent software vendor providing the awardwinning Opsview Enterprise systems monitoring and application management software. Headquartered in the UK, we have development offices and sales staff in the UK and USA as well as a development centre in India. Opsview has over **** users in more than ****30 countries around the world and we provide a comprehensive IT infrastructure monitoring solution at a significantly lower cost than alternative proprietary vendors. Opsview is used by our clients to manage their complex IT environments across multiple locations, delivering high availability, improved service levels and better management information. Opsview is sold both directly through our Inside Sales team and by approved resellers worldwide. We have many blue chip clients such as Legal & General, BSkyB, BT Plusnet, UPS, F**** Networks, Yale University, Ascension Health, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Nuance Communications, and many more. We have ambitious growth plans and need highly motivated individuals to help drive our global expansion. Role Description: Reporting to the VP of Sales you will be responsible for liaising with our existing clients to ensure customer satisfaction, promote product usage and ensure the timely renewal and extension of their Enterprise License Agreements. The ideal candidate will have solid commercial sales experience working within the IT product sector and be competent in structured and organised subscription sales renewal techniques. You will work closely with the sales and finance team to ensure accurate and timely production of renewal quotes, order forms and invoices and assist with related credit control processes. This role is an important cash generator for the business and is an ideal stepping stone for those interested in a new business sales career. You should be competent in MS office tools, using the internet and have experience of using a CRM system (ideally Salesforce.com) Due to the nature of this position, the successful candidate MUST have very strong verbal and written communication skills, have the ability to work off their own initiative and be able to demonstrate a proven track record working within a sales renewal environment. Finally the candidate should be able to show consistent sales target achievement, ability to work to KPI's and be target motivated. The successful applicant will have the opportunity to help build the Opsview business and progress with the growth of the company. Duties and Responsibilities: Meet or exceed sales quota goals on a monthly, quarterly & yearly basis Work with clients and stakeholders to ensure that subscriptions are at the appropriate level for the customer requirements, upselling and crossselling other products and services where applicable Discuss/negotiate terms & conditions with the client and prepare a renewal proposal to the customer with aligned acceptable renewal price & terms Ensure that proposals are signed off at the correct level in accordance with Opsview?s processes & acceptable business parameters Conduct and review customer satisfaction survey results and proactively deal with any issues to avoid support contract cancellation or deferral Requirements: You need to have an aptitude towards IT and technology with the drive and passion to learn more Experience in a high call volume telephone environment Experience of working in a focused/determined environment and dealing with the associated pressure Good communication and interpersonal skills Knowledge of systems management software and/or other business software experience A minimum of 1 year?s successful sales renewal experience in a technology field You must be a high energy selfstarter, able to work with minimal supervision and comfortable working within a framework of objectives without the need for day to day guidance and direction. A genuine desire to help create and participate in developing our company, culture and future success will be a prerequisite. For the successful candidate, we offer a competitive salary and commission plus an attractive benefits package.