Title: Direct Marketing Sales Consultant
Webindex: 71199840
Company: Thomson Local
Description: Direct Marketing Consultant Thomsonlocal.com are looking to recruit talented graduates for our Direct Marketing Services Team, this is an outstanding opportunity for someone looking to kick start their career in Media Sales with one of the UKs leading Media companies. The main responsibility is to sell our email marketing, business data and direct mail products to businesses throughout the UK. You will work to strict deadlines and must enjoy working in a target driven, pressurised environment. About Us: You will know thomsonlocal.com for its blue directory which is delivered to around 22 million homes and businesses in the UK. What you may not know is that thomsonlocal.com goes much further than simply providing print advertising. We are transforming our business to become the leading local media company in the UK. thomsonlocal.com helps local businesses be found no matter how people search for them be it via the internet, their mobile phone or simply by flicking through the book. Did you know that we have developed our products and services to meet the demands of modern media advertising and we work with some of the biggest brand names in the market. thomsonlocal.com is a Google Premier SME Partner and was the first Authorised Bing reseller in the UK. With its head office in Farnborough  Hampshire, thomsonlocal.com is an investor in People Champion and employs over **** employees across our regional sales offices throughout the UK. What we are looking for;  Motivated  Committed and determined to succeed  Excellent communication skills both written and verbal  Active listener  Articulate, numerate and literate  Ability to plan and organise effectively  Resilient Benefits:  Competitive Salaries  Uncapped Commission  Subsidised Health and Dental Plans  Pension Plan (after qualifying period)  20 Days holiday, plus bank holidays  An additional day off on your birthday  Recognised industry training and career progression