Title: Managing Consultant  Blue Skies Manchester
Webindex: 71802161
Company: BLUE SKIES
Description: Established in 1998, Blue Skies is one of the UK`s leading specialist marketing recruiters, working with FTSE 250 companies and multinational agency networks. Times are exciting here  we`re rapidly expanding, having recently opened our new central Manchester office (Centurion House), and have further growth plans for the next year including international expansion. We are currently looking to appoint either a Senior consultant or existing recruitment manger to drive the day to day operational and commercial success of the office. This is a billing manager role with outstanding career progression opportunities for the right person to further develop the existing team and take Blue Skies Manchester to new levels and of course be rewarded financially along the way. The Company Blue Skies has become one of the strongest brands within marketing recruitment, and we`re passionate about delivering outstanding service. We pride ourselves on acquiring a special understanding of the markets in which we operate and we have an exceptional track record of truly understanding our clients` and candidates` needs and finding the best talent for our clients  welcome to a different, more personal style of marketing recruitment. The Blue Skies brand is well received in Manchester as we have been servicing this geographical area for a number of years from our Midlands office. You will inherit a number of existing roles but this is a **** role so you will be expected to further develop our impressive client base. In return we offer very competitive basic salaries, a very attractive bonus scheme which offers huge earning potential, expensed Iphone **** and highest biller incentives. As a business we genuinely care about our staff and listen to our employees and offer softer benefits such as flexible working arrangements, personal training and career progression plans. If you are looking to join a growing business with huge earning and progression opportunities and a genuinely different recruitment working environment then please do get in touch. In the first instance please send your CV to me Rachel Wheeler for further information Blue Skies Marketing Recruitment specialises in marketing jobs across Creative, PR, Clientside, Account Handling and Executive. We offer unrivalled opportunities across all specialisms and industry sectors, presenting you with only the best marketing jobs. Although we try to respond to all applications, the high number we receive means this isn`t always possible. If you have not heard from us within **** hours, please assume that your application has not been successful. For more information, visit www.blueskiescareers.co.uk and we`ll make sure we do our best to find you the perfect marketing role.