Title: National Sales Marketing Manager
Webindex: 68608934
Company: Excel Parking Services Limited
Description: We are looking to recruit a National Sales Marketing Manager who will be responsible for the implementation and delivery of an exciting sales and marketing strategy, You must be able to show proven experience in leading a team of sales and marketing professionals and in developing a Sales and Marketing strategy. The successful candidate will have exceptional selling, negotiation and influencing skills and will take ownership of all sales related matters on a national stage for our group of companies. Based from our new head office at Sheffield Business Park, this role will involve travelling throughout the UK to our national client base. (Company vehicle provided). Key Responsibilities are; Devising and implementation of the Sales Marketing Strategy Responsible for driving and leading all sales and marketing activities with a view to increasing market share. Creating and developing relationships with existing and prospective clients. Having full accountability for forecasting, revenues and P L s and being able to report on performance to the Board of Directors. Delivering sales presentations to high level executives. Ensuring that all members of the sales team adhere to and exceed their targets / KPI s. Ensuring that personal KPI s and targets are adhered to and exceeded where possible. Increase annual profit year on year. Accurate sales forecasts and delivery of the annual sales strategy Encourage the sales team s development and performance. Regular liaison with Clients including regular service and sales meetings, whilst providing a personable and approachable point of contact for all client representatives. Continuous market data analysis and insight Maintain corporate standards. Ensuring personal and team administration is completed, to preset timescales. Skills Experience required for the role: Able to demonstrate and have experience of successful Sales and Marketing Management. Must be experienced in leading and managing sales teams. Must be able to develop and build strong client working relationships. Must have a positive and flexible attitude to achieve outstanding results. Business acumen, financial and negotiation skills are key attributes. Must be able to work from own initiative, or as part of a team, and have expert knowledge of sales/business development techniques. Excellent Communicator and customer focused at all times. Must be able to work effectively to KPI s, and ensure team members are equally motivated to achieve this. To ensure confidentiality at all times. Must be I.T. literate To operate in a professional manner and maintain a standard of personal conduct in keeping with the nature of identified duties and the working environment. Must have a full clean driving license. This is a fantastic opportunity to progress within a thriving company while gaining an instrumental role in creating an even more exciting future for our group of companies. To apply please Click Here where you will redirected to our recruitment site and you can send us your c.v. along with a covering letter explaining your skills. You will also be able to send a separate document demonstrating your proven skills of leading a team of sales and marketing professionals. STRICTLY NO AGENCIES