Title: Sales Executive  International
Webindex: 71170873
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Sales Executive International ****  ****  Comm Our client, a leading global media company, is looking to recruit a Sales Executive to join their prestigious London team. As Sales Executive, you will be responsible for generating new business opportunities and account management within your specified sector. You will liaise with the Commercial Director, Sales Director, head of Sales Events and Digital Director selling across print/online and events. You will be target driven, passionate and a confident individual with effective communication and presentation skills, enabling you to develop new business in advertising and sponsorship. You will network across all portfolios accumulating strong client relationships. This is an excellent opportunity to join a leading company who are offering a competitive salary along with some international travel. A 2nd European language is essential (preferably French and /or Italian). You will have previous media sales and B2B experience with a proven track record. Key Responsibilities of the Sales Executive include: . Generating new business through maintaining excellent customer relationship management . Ensuring sales targets are meet accordingly . Proactively developing new ideas and solutions to increase business revenue . Regularly liaising with key contacts and clients in order to generate repeat business . Demonstrating the ability to implement a sales strategy and plan . Demonstrating a strong attention to detail when it comes to account managing all of your clients Qualities we're looking for in the Sales Executive include: . Previous significant media sales experience with excellent presentation skills . A proven track record of successful sales (online/sponsorship/print experience is advantageous) . Excellent communication skills both written and verbal. . Fluency in French and/ or Italian . Solid ability to negotiate and liaise at all levels . Demonstrate a strong focus to work along with a high level of commercial acumen . An excellent team player . Willingness to travel occasionally You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveInternational_job****