Title: Group Head
Webindex: 71171460
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Group Head ****  ****  Bonus Our client, a popular London newspaper, is looking to recruit a Group Head. As Group Head, you will confidently manage a small team of sales executives (this could be your first management role). You will be driven and target orientated ensuring revenue growth on a monthly basis. You will be responsible for dealing with an existing client base, as well as generating new business. You will have strong communication skills creating excellent rapport with clients with a confident and proactive manner and be aware of the market and competitors. As an enthusiastic, determined individual you will develop a strong team who perform to the highest level. Your multi tasking abilities will ensure all duties are carried out to their highest abilities. Ensuring objectives and targets are set, conducting monthly meetings, reports, motivating and coaching the team. You will liaise with internal departments on different levels as well as with external suppliers. You will have previous experience in management and media sales. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of a fast  based media organisation offering great benefits, if you have the skills apply now Key responsibilities for the Group Head include: . Setting individual and team objectives/targets . Conduct daily and weekly CSF (Critical Success Factor) one to one meetings for all team members . Weekly monitoring and coaching sessions both on an individual and team basis as appropriate . Conducting monthly individual progress meetings . Conducting six monthly or annual appraisals as appropriate . Conducting interviews as required . Conducting remote monitoring sessions on a weekly and monthly basis. Coach the individual to provide relevant and effective feedback . Ongoing development and motivation of individuals . Supervising daily/weekly leads meetings . Understand the advert booking system CCi and provide coaching and advice as required . Maximising revenue streams through feature planning and implementation as and when required . Classification development with Category Manager . Business and territory development . Develop long term client/agency relationships where appropriate. . To maintain accurate records and administration . To maintain on a monthly basis accurate lateness, sickness and holiday records for the sales team with the administration team. Qualities we are looking for in the Group Head include: . Previous experience in management and media sales . Previous experience with developing and driving new business . A proven track record of working within a target driven environment and achieving these targets consistently . Managing and developing a team . A good knowledge of the market and industry . Highly motivated and proactive . Work well underpressure and meet deadlines . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . Excellent communication skills both written and verbal. . Excellent clientfacing and telephone sales skills . Excellent negotiation, presentation and organisational skills . Good knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/GroupHead_job****