Title: National Account Manager  Fashion Brands
Webindex: 68061414
Company: Ashford Knight Ltd
Description: Location: UK Wide The Role: An opportunity exists for a Key/National Account Manager to be instrumental in the growth of a market leading fashionorientated organization. Having a firm grasp on the UK market place, the successful key/National Account will be given autonomy to proactively manage an existing portfolio of brandled fashion retail accounts to further develop the company's international standing within the watch, fragrance and gift sectors. You will have an excellent eye for commercial opportunities and will be able to leverage on your in depth relationships with the UK's Fashion retailers. Once you have established a strong track record of results you will be able to develop your career alongside the continued expansion and growth of the business into alternative categories, such as cosmetics and fragrances. Our Client: As the Home of Licensed Fashion Watches, this company sees their innovation and forward thinking designs to be the key to their success. Their continued successful diversification into the world of Cosmetics, Fragrances and Jewellery mean that they need creative, career minded individuals who can drive their individual careers along with the expansion of this market and trend leading business. Requirements: It is essential that you see brands as a lifestyle choice. A strong Key / National Account Manager experienced within the Fashion Industry. You must be an extremely creative individual and be able to internally communicate the needs of the retailers. Externally you will be able to identify market trends and will be pivotal in keeping the brands you represent at the forefront of the Fashion World. It will give you a distinct advantage if you have proven Key / National Account Manager experience within the Fashion Industry. Own Label and candidates outside of Branded Fashion will be considered but you must be able to demonstrate that you have strong brand affiliation. You will report into the Midlands office 12 days per week, so location is relatively flexible. Package: Basic Salary: **** Commission: Performance Related Bonus (Average ****). Benefits: Car / Allowance, Excellent Career Progression. PLEASE NOTE: Due to the large volume of applications we receive we are unable to discuss individual applications. If you have not heard from us within 7 days, your application has been unsuccessful. Keep up to date with all our latest vacancies by following us on FACEBOOK, TWITTER or LINKEDIN. Check out our website at www.ashfordknight.co.uk for the links. **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalAccountManagerFashionBrands_job****