Title: Work Coach
Webindex: 67108175
Company: Interserve Working Futures Ltd
Description: WORK COACH **** per annum Based in our Doncaster branch you will work with your own caseload of customers, supporting them through their journey into employment and beyond. Much of the work will be customer facing on a onetoone or group basis with you preparing and motivating your customers towards achieving a challenging action plan. We passionately believe that the delivery of effective and personalised support will enable all of our customers to achieve their personal best and secure sustainable employment . People are our business and our team of experts are key to enabling our customers to achieve their true potential. It is our aim to make a significant difference to the lives of our customers and the communities in which they live. We are results driven and are committed to working with our partners to provide a professional and high quality service. If you share these values and feel you can contribute to our success we want to hear from you. Candidates should have excellent communication and IT skills and good knowledge of local labour market needs. Previous work support experience and experience of working with long term unemployed and vulnerable people would be a distinct advantage however what is most important is your ability to move our customers into sustainable employment. As can be expected from a Company that is recognized for the national standard Investor in People we take the development and contribution of our people to achieving our challenging business goals very seriously and you can anticipate working in a supportive environment. So if you believe you can contribute to our Company please download our application form from: www.workingfutures.interserve.com which should be returned no later than Friday **** th January 2013 . Interserve Working Futures Ltd is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of its Participants and expects all staff to share in this commitment. The successful applicant will be required to undertake a Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) check and provide proof of their right to work in the UK. We welcome applications from all members of the community on an equal basis regardless of age, gender, disability, ethnic background, religion or sexual orientation. Interserve Working Futures Ltd Staff are required to comply with the security procedures in place for the confidentiality of all paperbased and IT data and records.