Title: National Sales Manager/Medical Sales Executive
Webindex: 69004710
Company: BMS Sales and Marketing Specialists
Description: National Sales Manager/Medical Sales Executive  Neurological Products ****k  30%  Car National Role THE COMPANY: This is an exciting opportunity to join this truly progressive and dynamic healthcare organisation. They have a reputation going back over 100 years, with a product portfolio and pipeline second to none. This division specialises in neurological products including micro catheters, guidewires, flow diverting stents and aortic balloons used extensively by interventional neuroradiologists in angio labs. The new National Sales Manager will be leading a team of five sales executives, getting involved with coaching, performance monitoring and joint field visits, as well as responsibilities such as budgets, forecasting and stock control. Uncapped bonus schemes and career paths offer exceptional individuals a fantastic career opportunity; this role has come about due to internal promotion. THE PERSON: The successful sales candidate will have the following skills; Strong field sales background You will have a proven track record of managing a sales team and overachieving against budgets Experience in the medical sector is highly preferable You must be highly peoplefocused with the ability to learn a technical portfolio and gain respect from both staff and customers alike THE PACKAGE: ****k Basic Salary  30% Commission Fully Expensed Company Car Mobile, Laptop, Pension, Healthcare, 25 Days HolidaysBMS is a leading consultancy specialising in sales recruitment. Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. The South West operation, established in 1999, was introduced to service the needs of candidates and clients alike throughout the South West and Wales. Offering sales jobs for trainees, sales representatives, sales executives, sales engineers, area sales managers, territory managers and account managers, opportunities are available in every corner of the UK. Initial meetings occur at the convenient location of Bristol just off the M4 and M32 and within easy reach of the M5. We are committed to meeting all potentially suitable candidates face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please take the time to search our website  (url removed)/sales. Alternatively contact Oliver Fox on (Apply online only)