Title: Customer Representative  Inbound Sales and Retention
Webindex: 70754768
Company: Resource Management Ltd   Hastings
Description: Customer Representative  Inbound Sales and Retention Agents  BexhillonSea BexhillonSea, England, **** per annum  bonuses benefits Hastings Direct is one of the UK's fastest growing insurance brokers employing **** people. We are a multiaward winning company which has built our business by championing the consumer and helping to hold down the cost of quality insurance. We offer car, motorcycle, van, household and pet insurance direct to the public and through our growing affinity partnerships with many UK and global leading brands. We employ the very latest anti fraud technology to protect our customers and have driven a sevenfold increase in the amount of fraud detected since February **** Hastings Direct is the trading name of Hastings Insurance Services Limited. The company's brands are Hastings Direct, insure, insurepink, insureblue, Renew, Likewise, People's Choice, and Hastings Local. We are now recruiting motivated and energetic Sales and Retention Agents for our Contact Centre in BexhillonSea. Working within a supportive and buzzing team environment that rewards success generously, our consultants are the voice of our company, there to help our valued customers in a professional, efficient and welcoming manner. You will be dealing with enquiries from new and existing customers about their policy, responding to their various needs, issuing quotes, providing further information and cross selling other excellent Hastings Direct products whilst building a good relationship. You will need the energy and drive to consistently meet the realistic sales targets and wow our customers with your efficient and brilliant intuition. We are offering great opportunities to develop your career in an exciting and dynamic organisation. As well as a very competitive basic salary in line with your skills and experience we also offer a generous monthly bonus scheme, team based incentives and company benefits which include Pension, Life Assurance, retails discounts, and childcare vouchers. In return candidates should have a strong customer focus, ideally some experience of working towards targets, be PC literate, extremely professional and be confident when dealing with our customers over the phone. Shift pattern: 5 days per week, **** hours between MonFri 8am9pm, Sat 9am5.30pm, Sun 10am5pm. Full time training is 5 weeks long and runs Monday to Friday, between the hours of 9am  5.30pm Salary: ****pa plus bonus and benefits To apply, please click link below or email a copy of your CV and covering letter. We are a multi award winning company: 2012 Best Company  First Class 2012 Customer Service Provider of the Year, UK Broker Awards 2012 2012 Personal Lines Intermediary of the Year, UK Broker Awards 2012 2012 IT Department of the Year, BCS Computing UK IT Industry Awards 2012 Best AntiFraud Strategy of the Year, FS Tech Awards 2012 Best IT Team of the Year, FS Tech Awards 2012 Best Use of Networking, FS Tech Awards 2012 Best Talent Management Strategy, HR Excellence Awards 2012 Best HR Team of the Year  Private Sector, HR Excellence Awards