Title: Inside Sales Account Executive
Webindex: 69249847
Company: Palm IT Services
Description: A global IT Services and market leading Vendor Reseller. To develop profitable sales in line with personal targets and company s overall business objectives.  Generate new business via inside sales activity within a specific vertical market, working to targets on gross profit and margin plus daily activity KPIs including calls and talktime.  Identify and fully qualify business opportunities, using a solutions sales approach to gain detailed customer profiles. Understanding customers key technology drivers, pains and overall IT strategy to best align value propositions.  Driving depth into customers through cross selling and up selling activity, leveraging the full portfolio of technology solutions.  Building a sustainable pipeline of both runrate and enterprise opportunities.  Effective management of your sales pipeline via our CRM system to plan daily, weekly and monthly sales activities.  Maintain accurate opportunity forecasts.  Utilise extensive inhouse technical resources to support sales activity.  Actively engage in training and development opportunities offered by vendors and distributors alongside internal training programmes  Adding value by becoming an expert in your vertical, understanding the key factors that will influence technology in the sector and providing advice to shape customer IT strategy.  To actively drive your selfdevelopment, working closely with your Internal Sales Manager to set key personal objectives and plan activity to reach these. Skills and Knowledge:  Ideally a proven track record in IT sales environment selling to end users.  Knowledge of the IT channel.  Demonstrable track record of achieving personal sales quotas (evidence desirable).  Able to identify and close enterprise level opportunities at C level.  3 years experience in an inside sales role, ideally in the IT Sector.  Can demonstrate high levels of drive for results.  High level of written and verbal communication skills.  Position requires personal circumstances that allow for occasional antisocial hours.