Title: National Account Manager  Automotive Aftermarket
Webindex: 67896089
Company: Glen Callum Associates Ltd
Description: National Account Manager Automotive Aftermarket A National Account Manager is required based central UK to develop business within the automotive aftermarket sector. This is an exciting opportunity to work for a market leader. Based  UK Wide (Ideally Central / Midlands) ****  **** (Circa)  Car  Benefits Our client is a major player in the sales and distribution of replacement automotive spares throughout the automotive aftermarket sectors. With strategically sited locations on a national scale, the organisation are able to extend a vast offering of OE quality products and services to meet with the demanding needs of nationally sited repairer networks and fast fit chains. They are now poised for further growth and seek to make a key appointment to their successful national accounts team. The Role Reporting to the Sales Director this role will focus on sales growth with national repairer networks including both existing and new potential customers. This integral appointment will deliver specific sales development plans in line with the group s forward strategy for the national accounts division. Additionally the role holds responsibility for developing tailored solutions to cater for the needs of the national repairer encompassing developed and intricate cataloguing along with modern parts identification tools / equipment. This role is fully supported by a compliment of experienced and knowledgeable team members covering marketing, product management and pricing analysis. Person Specification Our ideal applicant will preferably possess experience of developing business with national networks including repairers, installers or nationally based fast fit operations. More important will be your ability and previous experience in developing national business in general and respective volumes. You will be able to develop and utilise structured and robust business planning systems along with associated tools. Presentations are indicative to the vacancy therefore we require a self confident individual able to hold the attention and interest from stakeholders to senior managers and professional buyers. An understanding of automotive applications is desirable however individuals with a solid understanding of mechanical applications or selling mechanically related spares or equipment across industry sectors will be of equal interest. Way Forward Interested? Then please email your current CV with introductory letter to the retained consultant Glen Shepherd of Glen Callum Associates Ltd. Upon receiving a full CV detailed job specifications will then be released to suitable applicants along with further company information / organisation profile. Ref **** Glen Callum Associates are leading automotive and industrial recruitment specialists for sales, operational and marketing positions. We have an impressive client base of market leading manufacturers and distributors and are dedicated in providing candidates with advice, support and assistance in their recruitment search. Our consultants have valuable senior sales, marketing and operational experience within organisations within the automotive and industrial industry, allowing us to share an empathy with both client and candidate alike