Title: Digital Advertising Sales
Webindex: 67896031
Company: Simplified Recruitment
Description: Job title: Digital Advertising Sales Salary: ********  Uncapped Commissions Location: Kensington High Street, W**** Our client is a leading internet based recruitment business expanding rapidly in London and the surrounding areas. They are experiencing tripledigit yearonyear growth so this is a very exciting time to join them and help them expand further. As a result they are now looking for talented sales people who have real drive and ambition. In return you will be offered a very attractive package designed to motivate and inspire the best. The role: Your job is to use the in house CRM system to identify, secure and develop the spend of long term, high yielding advertisers whilst introducing and upselling a wide range of additional solutions. Working smartly, and with high activity levels, you ll already be used to working in a structured sales environment and will have a digital media/job board or other sales background. You ll already be a natural with key accounts, with a high average order value, have a flair for retaining and increasing spend, and the skills to introduce new business. This role has high visibility in the company and your hard work and determination to succeed in a target driven environment will give you outstanding opportunity to grow your career. As you prove yourself in the job, there will be opportunities to progress to become a more senior member of the team, helping to develop and lead sales strategy. The ideal candidate: Strong sales background with a good understanding of the recruitment sector Previous Job Board Sales, Recruitment or Media Sales experience would be ideal however a solid sales background in another sector will also be considered. Ability to see opportunities with an understanding about how to structure a sales process and build a strong sales pipeline Happy working autonomously and willing to take ownership of identifying and winning new clients as well as expanding and building on existing client relationships This is a superb opportunity to join a market leading, rapidly growing company with a unique and very appealing proposition. Our client would like to hold first interviews immediately  candidates wishing to be considered should apply now. Please be aware that full references will be taken and any claims of target achievement will need to be fully supported. Other similar roles: Field Sales Consultant, Business Development Manager, Sales manager, Field Sales Executive, Media Sales, Advertising Sales, Job Board, Online Job Board, Digital Recruitment, Recruitment Advertising, Classified Advertising, Digital Media, New Media, Employment Websites