Title: Car Sales Executive, Bury St Edmunds
Webindex: 68687722
Company: Compass Point Recruitment
Description: Car Sales Executive, Bury St. Edmunds Our client is looking for a car sales executive, to sell new and used cars to prospective customers. Experience in sales or previous work experience, is advantageous but not essential Car sales executives must be professional, have a sharp personal appearance and be excellent communicators. The role involves determining a customer's needs and being able to offer advice, guidance and vehicle knowledge. Car sales executives should be knowledgeable about the cars available and be able to explain and demonstrate car features in a professional and clear manner. Car sales executives work both indoors and outdoors depending on whether there are any outside events etc. Daytoday car sales executives speak to customers, close sales, explain car features both in the garage and on test drives. The role of the car sales executive is to identify a customer's needs and budget and sell them the appropriate car. It is, therefore, important that a car sales executive is comfortable in both negotiating and persuading customers. Objectives and Key Tasks Sell New and Used cars to target, as per Sales Team Objective To conduct a targeted number of calls or as many outgoing proactive marketing telephone calls per week to nominated customers and prospects utilising the CRM package within the DMS installed.E.g. Current customers, service customers, prospects and repeat business prospects To appraise a targeted number of customers or as many as possible through proactive and reactive research per week and evaluate their vehicles and their potential as a prospective purchaser of a vehicle from the Group To data capture 100% of First name, Title, Surname, Address, Postcode, email, telephone and mobile telephone numbers for all prospects To ensure that the Sales process operates efficiently and to the highest possible standards To promote the sale of accessories and service packages. To monitor all orders and preparation work to ensure that they are completed by the times required and to report any likely delays to the Customer as early as possible To ensure that tidiness, cleanliness, security and display standards of the Sales Department and demonstrators are maintained and all Records are maintained securely To ensure that all relevant technical, product, legal and promotional information is obtained, understood and communicated to Customers To demonstrate vehicles to Customers and record every demonstration To check, inspect and test incoming stock and outgoing vehicles and complete appropriate paperwork To handover vehicles to Customers by following documented procedures If this sounds like the right opportunity for you, please send your CV to Hannah Colthorpe. Compass Point Recruitment has a number of similar temporary and permanent sales and marketing jobs.For more information on jobs of this type please visit our website where you will find sales jobs, accountancy jobs, industrial jobs, warehouse jobs, admin jobs, customer service jobs, PA jobs, secretary jobs and marketing jobs. We offer a catchment area of **** miles of our Bury St Edmunds office covering: Bury St. Edmunds, Stowmarket, Newmarket, Needham Market, Sudbury, Haverhill, Mildenhall, Thetford, Ipswich and others within Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Norfolk . This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CarSalesExecutiveBuryStEdmunds_job****