Title: Sales Executive / Business Development (Professional Standards)
Webindex: 70078924
Company: Easy Web Recruitment   BSi
Description: Sales Executive / Business Development (Professional Standards) BSI (British Standards Institution) is the business standards company that equips businesses with the necessary solutions to turn standards of best practice into habits of excellence. Formed in **** BSI was the world s first National Standards Body and a founding member of the International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO). Over a century later it continues to facilitate business improvement across the globe by helping its clients drive performance, reduce risk and grow sustainably through the adoption of international management systems standards, many of which BSI originated. Famed for its marks of excellence including the instantly recognisable Kitemark, BSI s influence spans multiple sectors including aerospace, construction, energy, engineering, finance, healthcare, IT and retail. With over **** clients in 147 countries, BSI is an organisation whose standards inspire excellence across the globe. Position: Inside Sales Executive Location: Chiswick, London Salary: Basic: ********k OTE ****k**** ROLE: They currently have an exciting opportunity as a Sales Executive / Business Development Executive within their Sales Department. The Sales Executive / Business Development Executive is primarily responsible for selling BSI Standards products and services to new and existing customers across a defined BSI Standards subscription suite. This role is responsible for identifying and managing sales opportunities, building an understanding of client business needs and drivers, to position how BSI Standards products and services can enable organisations to improve and manage the sales process to a successful conclusion. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Proactively network with existing customers to up sell BSI Standards products, grow Salesforce through prospective sales calls to nonBSI customers. b) Execute BSI sales process to investigate, explore and understand customer needs in order to sell relevant products/services, review sales activity and quality KPIs to ensure revenue from sales leads and opportunities is maximised. c) Record key customer data in a standardised and consistent manner and accurately record sales and order information in Salesforce, effectively schedule customer contacts, proactively manage leads and opportunities. d) Accurately use rate card/price calculator, use relevant case studies, testimonials and ROI for achieving transactional sale. e) To explain BSI s history, structure and role in the standards industry to all customers, able to apply product features and benefits to customers needs in order to win business f) Able to display awareness of key competitors, their strengths and weaknesses in comparison to BSI Standards. g) Conduct basic company/contact research, using CRM, internal data and the internet as appropriate, manage sales activities, including administration effectively. Good level of numeracy and literacy. h) Be able to mine databases to produce a targeted prospect list, communicate in a courteous and professional manner using appropriate language, both written and verbal, listen with intent and effectively respond to internal and external customer needs, via telephone based communication. i) Based on information provided, match BSI Standards products to customer need at a basic level, able to question effectively to gain a deeper understanding of customer needs to identify upselling opportunities for a sales person ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Degree level, equivalent education or proven experience of sustained over achievement in a sales environment. b) Excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as good interpersonal skills. c) Proven ability in closing business to business sales and winning new customers. d) Excellent sales, negotiation and presentation skills. e) Entrepreneurial relationship and business development skills. f) Ability to successfully encourage the customers to expand product range. g) Selfmotivated and adaptable to be able to work with minimal supervision. h) Clear understanding of modern selling techniques and ability to use them. i) Experience of working in a KPI driven environment. You may have experience of the following: Sales Executive, Business Development, Account Executive, Telesales, Inside Sales Executive, New Business Development, ISO, Training Sales, Professional Body, Sales Support, Account Manager etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.