Title: Sales Manager ( Renewables)
Webindex: 71188636
Company: Sarah West Recruitment
Description: My Client specialises in full service design and installation of wood fuel and solar heating systems for businesses, homes and communities. They are currently recruiting for an experienced Sales Manager with a background in renewable enery or hearting or plumbing. Working Hours: **** hours a week, Monday to Friday 8.30am  5pm with occasional weekend work and additional hours as and when required Main Purpose of Role: You will actively and successfully manage the endtoend sales process for yourself and a small team of sales focused professionals, including: sourcing new customers, scoping customer requirements, providing unique solutions and customer quotes and liaising with the relevant departments to ensure successful delivery. You will be primarily working in B2C but with some B2B sales ensuring that agreed targets and incoming revenue is met. Duties and responsibilities: ? Responsible for selling the companies renewable energy solutions to end user customers; ? Leading the overall business development and sales strategy to ensure company growth and profitability; ? Generate sales revenue and gross profit as per agreed targets and time scales; ? Source and sell to prospective customers in public, commercial and consumer sectors; ? Personnel Management of sales team to include one to one reviews, annual leave, absence, recruitment and training and other HR related tasks ? Set sales targets for individual staff and your team as a whole, according to company guidelines ? Ensure the monthly sales and performance targets are reached ? Developing sales strategies and setting targets ? Monitoring your team's performance and motivating them to reach targets ? Compiling and analysing sales figures ? Reinforcing the brand and company ethos at all times; ? Prospect for new business customers ? Utilise the CRM system as a tool to work out daily priorities, log and track all contacts and companies at every stage of the sales process with prospects and clients; ? Manage a number of key customer accounts and referrals; ? Maintain a close working relationship with prospects and customers; ? Visit prospects on site; draw up a Project proposal to include products and costings and design a complete renewable energy solution; ? Keep up knowledge of system designs and industry development to include government initiatives; ? Contribute to Senior Management team as required; ? Liaising and assisting colleagues as and when appropriate; ? Delivering excellent customer service at all times and through every stage of the customer journey; ? Undertake such other duties as may be required within the general scope of the job ? This job description may be subject to change, in consultation with the post holder, in response to new circumstances Person Specification Essential ? Experience of heating, plumbing, renewable energy solutions ; ? At least two years of management level experience; ? A demonstrable track record of achieving individual and team sales targets; ? Excellent interpersonal and presentation skills; ? A cando attitude to the workplace; ? The ability to work as part of the team and develop good working relationships at all levels within the organization; ? The ability to prospect for new business  business to business and business to consumer; ? Proven tracked record in sales and a thorough understanding of the sales process; ? A general technical understanding of heating, plumbing or construction ; ? Good knowledge of MS Office applications, in particular Word, Excel and Outlook; ? Numerate with good organisational and prioritisation skills; ? Logical thinker who is able to recognise opportunities for creating new business sales and improving customer services; ? Able to manage change effectively; ? Ambitious with leadership / board potential; ? Energetic, enthusiastic and resilient; ? Ability to work using own initiative This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesManagerRenewables_job****