Title: Customer Service/Helpdesk Team Leader
Webindex: 71362329
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Do you have previous Team leading experience? Do you have experience in a Technical Customer Service/Helpdesk role? Then this may be the opportunity for youOur client, a leading provider of Communication Solutions, are looking to recruit an experienced Helpdesk Team Leader to oversee a team of Technical Support Specialists as well as being hands on in the team. Working within their European Contact Centre this is a massive growth area of their business. The team are responsible for:Manage a team of multilingual Customer Service/Helpdesk staff. Ensure Service Level Agreements (SLA) and Key performance Indicator (KPI) are achieved according to set targets.Manage team efficiency by reviewing productivity and ensuring minimum standards are achieved such as Service Level and Help requests.Resolving customer issues and queries to customer satisfaction Dealing efficiently with enquiries via email, phone and face to face Providing support to other Customer Service Advisors Technical AdvisorSuitable candidates will have a strong technical background with previous Team Leader or Supervisory experience would be extremely advantageous but your technical capabilities are key. Candidates will be expected to lead a team delivering the day to day Customer service and Helpdesk Support within our European Operations Centre. Working closely with the Customer Service/Helpdesk Supervisor you will lead, support and motivate your team to achieve business, department and individual objectives. Additionally you must have firsthand experience of managing clients and providing exemplary customer service. Our clients have an excellent reputation and are stronger than ever in the current economic climate. They also offer fantastic career progression and rewarding longterm opportunities, as well as a good benefits package to include free car parking, company pension, life assurance, private health insurance and discounted gym membership.If you have the relevant experience and wish to become a valuable part of a dynamic and forwardthinking company then send your CV ASAP to us