Title: Sales Distribution Manager
Webindex: 68544978
Company: Rain Consultancy Group Limited
Description: CH****C UK Sales Distribution Manager  Up to **** (dependant on experience)  Bonus 15% of basic salary  Company car  Laptop Mobile  Fully expensed home office My client is a global marketleading manufacturer of pipeline and valves products for applications within the utilities sector. The Role: Reporting directly to the UK Sales Director, the successful candidate will be home based and will assume responsibility of my client s distribution network. This will include managing and implementing regional and national distributor partnerships with a wide variety of companies. The successful candidate will focus of selling gate valves, globe valves, check valves, butterfly valves, pipes and couplings to local distributors and national distributors. As Distribution Manager you will ensure that all distributors are supported and communicated with effectively with a view to maximising all potential business opportunities. This company do not sell on price, their sales strategy is focused on product excellent, service delivery and brand quality. This role will involve regular communication with other members of the sales team and will involve regular reporting of activity to the Directors. The Candidate Criteria: We are looking to speak with candidates who meet the following criteria:  Motivated and enthusiastic with strong communication skills.  Ability to conduct presentations to customers and the company s directors.  Experience of business development and account management.  A technical appreciation of the water industry or pipeline industry  Appreciation of industrial, engineering or manufacturing sales.  A qualification in Mechanical Engineering would be advantageous but not essential. To Apply To apply for this outstanding opportunity please send your CV in WORD format to christopher.hickeyrcgltd.com Key words: Valves, Pumps, Compressors, Couplings, Instrumentation, Filtration, Bearings, Heat Exchangers, Pneumatics, Hydraulics, Pipes, Fittings, Manifolds, Power Transmissions, Motors, Gearboxes, Engineering. Sales Manager, Area Sales, Regional Sales, Technical Sales, Sales Engineer, Territory Manager, Sales Executive, Key Account Manager, Business Development.