Title: Graduate IT Sales
Webindex: 69592865
Company: ApplianSys
Description: Graduate IT Sales ApplianSys is now recruiting more people in all areas of the business to support its rapid expansion, which is expected to accelerate even more in the next 23 years.We have several vacancies for graduate trainee and junior sales people to join our team at our Coventry HQ. ApplianSys is only looking for people with the highest potential and is committed to developing them to become topperforming sales professionals – with a rigorous and structured programme of training and coaching. You are an outstanding graduate. You believe you have the talents, aspirations and inner drive to succeed and become one of those high performers. Question is: where to start your climb to the top? Where can you get the right grounding to equip you with the skills you need to outperform the rest? And at the same time get yourself on a rapid upward trajectory from day one, in terms of both responsibility and reward. Look no further This position has it all: Learn the kind of selling which sees the top jobs in the IT industry: sophisticated, consultative, relationshipbased, complex, rigorous, demanding Be in the right kind of sales to be rewarding financially: international, bigticket Join the right kind of company to be exciting: >****00% annual growth, customers in 90 countries, small enough to throw responsibility at you, big enough to be going places Work alongside a small team of senior people with worldclass sales credentials and receive topclass training Rapid exposure and responsibility equals rapid progression and high earning potential What we’re looking for These positions would suit fresh graduates or people with ****2 years experience.You must be a proven achiever, with either a 1 st class degree or a 2:1 alongside other evidence of high achievement (eg in sport, music).You need to convince us you have the raw materials to be a top sales performer: Drive, energy, tenacity, and commitment to excellence Intelligence and intellect.Able to handle complex issues with a sound analytical approach and a winning blend of logical thinking and practical common sense Excellent communication skills – both written and verbal Teamwork and interpersonal skills You are likely to have an advantage if you: Studied in a business / marketing and/or IT / computer science related discipline Are fluent in a foreign language, in particular French, Arabic, Portuguese or Spanish Have evidence of previous success in sales How to apply Please include a CV Covering Letter which explains: Why are you interested in working in sales? Why are you interested in this job in particular? What are your particular strengths which make you a standout candidate? Please note that applications without a covering letter will not be considered. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateITSales_job****