Title: Field Sales Account Manager  Photocopier / Printer Software Solutions
Webindex: 68687026
Company: Yolk Recruitment
Description: Field Sales Account Manager – Bristol Profile Yolk Sales Recruitment specialise in recruiting for a wide range of businesscritical sales positions. We source candidates with a proven track record of sales achievement and work with clients that will deliver on your career aspirations. The Client Our client is a renowned manufacturer of office equipment and are well established as a provider of fully integrated office systems throughout the UK. Priding themselves on being able to create tailormade impartial office solutions to all levels of organisations, they offer a complete office solution from photocopiers to multi functional devices, document management software solutions to professional IT services. Due to continued sustainable growth they are currently seeking a Field Sales Account Manager in Bristol. Responsibilities Selling their multifunctional print devices and software solutions on a face to face basis. Account management and new business generation within a defined territory. Although there is a new business focus, you will be able to develop some existing accounts and all new business won is retained. Fact finding and selling a solution to reduce print costs and ultimately improve the efficiency of their business. Diary management of weekly appointments Work to weekly and monthly targets focused around KPIs, activity and revenue Experience Required Consultative, solution based selling style Ambitious and dedicated individual who will cold call Business to Business sales experience within the office equipment sector will be highly preferrable. Excellent communicator with a charismatic personality Money motivated Strong account management skills with the ability to easily build rapport and trust. Rewards Excellent opportunities for progression Very stable and supportive team – This opportunity is due to growth A competitive starting salary of up to **** and achievable OTE of ****k. Company Car or car allowance, Laptop, Phone, etc This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesAccountManagerPhotocopierPrinterSoftwareSolutions_job****