Title: Southern Regional Manager  Built In Appliances
Webindex: 68062742
Company: Vacancy Filler
Description: Role: Southern Regional Manager  Built In Appliances Location: Southern Region Salary: **** Term: Perm Our client is introducing its biggest and best ever ranges of built in appliances and to support their progress they have a permanent vacancy for a Southern Regional Manager for their Built in Appliance Team. Location is southern counties with good links to the motorway network. The successful candidate will report to the Sales Director, and will be selling into the major kitchen manufactures, kitchen specialists and house builders, dealing at head office level with buyers and brand managers. The ideal candidate must understand the key role of wholesale distributors partners in supplying this varied customer base. This role will initially be focused on account management to maximise on existing relationships, whilst winning and developing new accounts. Ideally utilising existing contacts, the successful candidate will be an outstanding relationship builder, with the ability to sell our full range from entry level to premium product. We need a tenacious closer who is seeking to make a name for themselves through continued sales success. The successful candidate will mainly have to:  Plan and implement the key account strategy to achieve the sales/ marketing objectives agreed by the business.  Develop customer strategy and relationships  Negotiate pricing and product specification/details  Deliver against an aggressive growth budget  Develop new business in developing sectors and feedback future development opportunities to the business The ideal candidate will have the following skills and experience:  Must have a history of successful sales preferably in the appliance built in sector  Previous experience **** years minimum in a similar Sales role with the types of customer highlighted.  Target driven and motivated to smash figures  Experience of handling some of the following would be preferred; wholesale distributors, house builders, kitchens manufacturers, kitchens specialists  Success in either newly opened accounts as planned or successfully increased volume/product listings by negotiation  Candidate must be able to overcome obstacles and be determined to succeed.  Excellent people skills and relationship building is essential  Ability to develop and identify new business  Strength in communication and negotiation  Ability to deploy the successful strategy of the Company's built in sector  Determination and a strategic approach to win business at all levels.  Excellent organisation skills  Tenacious closer  Strong communication, influencing and interpersonal skills  Good commercial awareness In addition to a basic salary of circa 35k depending on experience, 40% bonus potential linked to the Built in sales budget, you will also be entitled to a package including 25 days annual holiday and Company bonus scheme, Company Car, Blackberry, laptop If you feel that you have the energy, enthusiasm and determination to succeed in this role then please apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SouthernRegionalManagerBuiltInAppliances_job****