Title: Field Sales Executive Insurance Protection
Webindex: 71852742
Company: SJS Recruitment
Description: Self Employed Field Sales Executives / Insurance Protection Advisors Due to their success of the brand and continued product range development they have experience fantastic levels of consumer demand, resulting in expansion of their Field Sales Force, They now need to recruit people in the roles of Field Sales Executive and Area Sales Agents. Sales Consultants / Sales Executives You are out there everyday, maybe you worked in a sales role before but however hard you work the opportunities to improve your lifestyle just aren't there. As one of our selfemployed Sales Consultants, you have the freedom to work when you want. Our top Sales Consultants can earn significantly more than ****K. About Our International Client Our client is a worldwide provider of insurance and financial services and has been helping people with their finances. There success is based on a reputation for being financially strong, stable and trustworthy  helping people to build financial freedom and protection against life's unknowns. They are in the business of protecting people from life's unexpected events. We excel at helping individuals and their families through hard times by providing essential income and cash lump sum benefits. are you ready for a new sales role now? Our fully accredited products include: Income Protection: Monthly income in the event of accident or sickness Accident Protection: Cash lump sum payments in the event of accident or sickness Life Protection: Cash lump sum payout in the event of critical illness or death World Class Training Sales experience not necessary but an advantage as full training will be provided at the company HQ fully funded by the client with on going support and growth to ensure every success in the role. If you think this sales executive role is for you, then Apply now and Join us today key words include combined, insurance, sales, sales consultant, sales exec, sales executive, direct sales, life, protection, sales, sales , sales This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveInsuranceProtection_job****