Title: Customer Development Manger  FMCG  Manchester
Webindex: 68668575
Company: Flexible Solutionz
Description: Business Development Executive – Manchester  FMCG / CPG Role: Business Development Executive Location: North West England Salary: ****  Car  20% bonus  benefits  other incentives We are currently recruiting for an international company who has built a solid reputation for being one of/if not the world’s most powerful and recognisable brands. Since their inception more than 30 years ago, my client has built a global company with a presence in over 50 countries (and growing). So it’s safe to say, this role would be working for a world famous, market leading brand. We are looking to recruit a Business Development Executive to cover the North West. You would be responsible for managing and growing a portfolio of clients. The ability to expand and grow each account is paramount. If you have a natural flair for account management but the tenacity and determination to grow and take ownership of new business wins, then we want to talk to you.You will contribute towards the company’s success by achieving and exceeding sales revenue and company growth targets within your geographical region. You will lead and own the business relationship with your designated portfolio. You will develop and execute strategic and operational plans to maximise and grow your portfolio. Ultimately, you will deliver sales revenue growth targets whilst maximising brand visibility. What do we need from you ? Degree educated (ideally) You will have a proven and successful track record within FMCG / CPG environments Please ONLY apply if you have the relevant FMCG / CPG and big brand experience. We are unable to respond to all applications individually. Please assume you have been unsuccessful if you do not receive a response within 10 days. What next? Please send a copy of your cv to Paul (at) flexiblesolutionz (dot) co (dot) uk Keywords: Business Development Executive Business Development field sales sales executive FMCG CPG Business Development Executive Business Development field sales sales executive FMCG CPG Business Development Executive Business Development field sales sales executive FMCG CPG This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerDevelopmentMangerFMCGManchester_job****