Title: Warehouse and Purchasing Manager
Webindex: 66937460
Company: INTERACTION RECRUITMENT
Description: My client is lokking for an experienced Warehouse and Purchasing Manager. This roel will be temporary for 12 weeks after which you will be taken on permanently by the client Managing Purchasing: Ordering stock in when required. Managing Warehouse Staff: Monitoring the performance and tasks of warehouse staff. Managing Stock Control: Consists of monitoring stock, daily stock checks to keep records uptodate accurate. Managing Dispatch: Ensure TNT and Alpha vans are loaded correctly and on time. Regular maintenance of Alpha vehicles. Managing Goods In: Checking off goodsin, entering data onto computer organising shelf replenishment. Pre Packing: Ensuring that products are packed consistently. Warehouse Health Safety: Keeping H S uptodate with support from H S company Citation Plc . Reporting: Using KPI’s reporting to the managing directors once a week. Key Interests: ? Ensuring back orders are kept to minimum ? Reducing cost of products i.e. buying better, volume buying or importing ? Ensuring total stock value is efficient for cash flow ? Managing warehouse staff  effective running of operations ? Managing systems – wellorganised running of operations ? Keeping a clean, tidy, structured warehouse yard environment Tasks to be completed: ? Move old systems (Sage) to new business management system (Intact IQ) ? Implement Intact IQ systems features (systems that aren’t available on Sage) ? Implement someday delivery service for London Kent ? Streamline picking and packing procedures for better profitability ? Barcode systems in the future Qualifications:  a. Minimum of **** GCSE’s with AC grades, including English and maths b. Good people management skills. c. Good systems skills. d. At least 18 months experience in warehousing and distribution trade. e. Excellent computer skills. f. Sage experience (Not critical). g. Previous management roles within the past 18 months. Please send CV to kirsty.sneddeninteractionrecruitment.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/WarehouseandPurchasingManager_job****