Title: French Speaking Sales Executive – Creative Media Agency
Webindex: 72439956
Company: Language Recruitment Services.
Description: French Speaking Sales Executive – Creative Media Agency – Central London Job Reference NH**** Salary Competitive LRS (Language Recruitment Services) is currently seeking a French Speaking Sales Executive mainly inbound, ideally, with experience in the media or creative sector. You will be working for a funky media creative agency based in Central London Our client is a Creative Media Agency providing a selection of various services and tools to media and creative professionals Duties: Efficiently and effectively handling a high volume of calls, emails and chat Ensure efficient data input into the systems for price quotes and orders Cross sell and upsell related services consistently meeting established sales targets. Provide technical support, search education and drive business to the web Provide account support by setting up accounts and establishing customer credit, check account status, process account payoff, issue invoice/credit memos along with checking email opted in statuses with every contact Ability to use soft and hard selling skills to win new business in a challenging market place. Responsible for supporting the Finance department related to client invoicing, account information, credit and payment related activities. In order to apply for this exciting role you will need to have: Verbal and written French language skills to mother tongue standards Strong and successful experience in a telesales environment and/or inside sales experience with ideally some experience in an outbound calling role. Sales minded and customer oriented. Confident, competent, business savvy with negotiating skills and ability to communicate at a senior level. Experience working in a targetdriven environment with particular focus on customer satisfaction, quality and revenue goals. Excellent communication, organisational and client service skills. French Speaking Sales Executive , French Speaking Sales Executive , French Speaking Sales Executive – French Speaking Sales Executive French Speaking Inbound Sales Executive French Speaking Sales Executive Please send your CV in word format to the email address quoted, other formats will not be accepted Thank you for applying to Language Recruitment Services, the Specialists in Language Recruitment. Applications can only be accepted from individuals who are eligible to work in theUK Please bear in mind that you may not hear from us immediately. Should your skills and qualifications be suitable for the position applied for (or similar positions), we will contact you as soon as possible. In the event there are no positions currently available that match your skills and qualifications, we may hold your details on our database and contact you in the future should a suitable vacancy arise. LRS is an Equal Opportunities Employer This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrenchSpeakingSalesExecutiveCreativeMediaAgency_job****