Title: Inbound Sales Executive/ Native Dutch (software Vendor)
Webindex: 67306264
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Salary: C**** Basic , **** OTE (open ended) plus benefitsLocation: Reading, BerkshireSenior Inside Sales, Native or fluent Dutch (Major IT Vendor/ Manufacturer  Business Intelligence Software)You can smell success and expansion as soon as you walk through this client's doors. It is great to see business visions being achieved and surpassed. This client is truly international and seeks the best sales talent within the IT arena.You will be dealing with inbound new business enquiries. You will be based in the UK but you will have a natural, fluent, native familiarity with the French or Dutch language Our client is a multinational who wishes to make the buyers experience as user friendly as possible. In addition you will have a strong new business orientated sales background with a capacity to sell solutions in a corporate environment.This organisation has a track record of promoting on achievement only the highly skilled and genuinely ambitious should apply . This company is all about action, collaboration, and results and your career path is no exception. Even as the expand around the world, they maintain a closeknit team culture and keep the entrepreneurial spirit alive.Our client, has a highly esteemed product in business intelligence software and will provide peerless career opportunities if you have the following: A fluent command of English and one of any of the stated languages. A strong background in business to business sales. A professional career background in the IT or direct marketing industries.If you have all of the above, the way is clear for career success with a company whose name is synonymous with achievement and integrity in equal measure.Every employee is the key to their success and they support your career from day one. Management has a cooperative leadership style, making senior leaders always available. They offer programs and support to help you do extraordinary work and build a great career, leading you to discover many career growth opportunities.Over the last 18 years this Global Vendor pioneered new approaches to accessing, managing, and interacting with IT data. Their Business Intelligence Software solutions are recognized as a groundbreakingCombined with a relentless focus on customer success and a vibrant, passionate user community, more than **** companies in over 100 countries now use their technology with an industryleading 96% satisfaction rate.For this and other vacancies call us or email your CV immediately This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/InboundSalesExecutiveNativeDutchsoftwareVendor_job****