Title: Sales Executive  Manufacturing/Machinery Parts
Webindex: 68687650
Company: Pyramid Consultancy
Description: Pyramid Consultancy are currently recruiting on behalf of their client, a well established, global company based on the outskirts of Chester. Position Title: Parts Sales Executive Purpose of Role: The Parts Sales Executive plays a vital role in our technical sales process. Part Sales Support is a proactive support role that supports and works with the Key Account teams to secure that our Spare Parts related products and services are sold and deployed to our Customers. The role will be responsible for supporting business growth for parts. Having direct and proactive contact with customers is a key to success for this role. Success will be measured through the sales results Responsibilities: Sell Parts related Service Products, spare parts, commodities (e.g. glue) and components. Support our customers in optimizing their Spare Parts stocks and administrative flows. Deploy, monitor and drive Spare Parts related Service Products. Competence intelligence – Monitor competitors offering and standard component prices. Spare Parts price simulations Support customers, service planner and TKAMs around spare parts related products, questions and issues Liaise with Central Spare Parts Hub and Central functions. Competences: Skills Knowledge (competences that are specific to this role) Commercial, Business Understanding Business Finance Negotiation Managing Change Knowledge and understanding of SAP Computer Literate Corporate governance and compliance, including political astuteness Understanding the needs and wants of: Customers Peers Team Management Presentation Skills Time management Planning Communication Behavioural Attitude (competences that are specific to this role) Effective leadership skills Strong personal drive and enthusiasm Ability to seek opportunities  initiative Customer Service Orientated High Impact and ability to influence Be results oriented and practical Be able to cope with setbacks and disappointments Excellent/very good attention to detail. Be able to balance the big picture versus paying attention to the details Be able to balance maintaining firmness versus being flexible Possess analytical skills versus using intuition Academic Requirements Educated to A level standard Full UK Driving Licence Ability to travel and be flexible re working hours This role is office based but will also include occasional travel. Company Car, Healthcare, 25 days holiday plus bank holidays An annual bonus (company and individual performance dependant) This is a fantastic opportunity not to be missed. Similar experience is essential Induction Training: This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveManufacturingMachineryParts_job****