Title: Recruitment Consultant  Technical Sales
Webindex: 71167847
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the fast growing divisions of Michael Page Sales. There is a lot of opportunity to develop your career and skill set within Technical Sales. The successful Recruitment Consultant  Technical Sales will be responsible for:  Developing and managing a portfolio of clients covering a range of industries including defence, automotive, aerospace, industrial, electronics, construction, power generation and marine to name a few.  Working in a consultative sales role conducting regular external client visits conducting detailed fact find, needs analysis with clients through to presenting bespoke recruitment solutions based on their requirement.  Building effective relationships with technical sales candidates across in Successful Recruitment Consultant  Technical Sales will:  Be based out of the Weybridge office location.  Be an entrepreneurial individual who can demonstrate drive and passion to succeed in a sales career.  Be ahigh calibre individual who wants to become a specialist within their career and progress within a FTSE 150 organisation.  Driven and focused, and have an attitude to be exceptional in every aspect of their work.  Have high energy and a confident approach. Attitude, commitment and personality will be just as important as having commercial awareness and ideally a sales background. Page Group are an employer of choice amongst a broader group of market leading blue chip organisations. We are a Sunday Times Top 100 Company and a recognised market lead in our field. Our philosophy is to maximise the opportunities for all staff with unrivalled examples of staff being promoted and developed from within whilst encouraging an enjoyable supportive working environment. Excellent salary and benefits package on offer dependant upon experience. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantTechnicalSales_job****