Title: Sales Marketing Manager  Cosmetic Surgery
Webindex: 70677365
Company: Home Recruitment Ltd
Description: The Opportunity Exclusive Cosmetic Surgery Clinic requires a dynamic and forward thinking Sales Marketing Manager. This is a newly created role which has been shaped by the companies expansion plans / brand building which includes the opening of new clinics (currently London and North West).This is an established company led by an inspirational Cosmetic Surgeon / CEO and well known Media Personality. Main Duties: Updating Website, Social Media, Local Advertising, in Clinic Advertising, Newsletter, Local Businesses with current offers  keeping it all relevant and fluid. Communicating these to the team effectively Contacting Patients and actively seeking feedback through Mail Chimp and in person, suggesting ways to complement and improve current customer journeys Interrogating the database and conducting a review of the clinic touch points with our patients, utilising this to send / call / invite patients to learn about new treatments and book in for things that may be relevant to them. Cleansing and harvesting from our database Working to KPIs and Reporting on results ie white space fulfilment / Customer Satisfaction / customer loyalty Event Management  monthly interaction with new and current patients Working with the Hospital and HN to maximise opportunities with their events calenders  and keeping them informed of any opportunities we might have Networking locally and involving the clinic in any local events Meeting and greeting our patients in reception  being very hands on and proactive Constantly working with Face book and twitter Essential Skills:  Educated to degree level or equivalent.  Minimum of two years relevant marketing experience  Knowledge of PPC, SEO, Link Building, keyword strategy and copy desirable  Experience of working in Google Adwords  Ability to learn fast and utilise new technologies as they become available  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Ability to understand the customers the brand Successful Candidate Requirements:  You should be a strong personality, able to give direction and be forward thinking when it comes to marketing, not afraid to try new ideas and create opportunities.  You should be able to provide measurable results through your working actions.  Previous experience and passion for Cosmetic Surgery / Aesthetic Procedure or allied industry preferable, but by no means essential.  Organised, selfmotivated and used to working on your own initiatives.  Analytical Results orientated  Creative innovative with a can do attitude. Package: ****  **** PA (negotiable based on experience)