Title: Sales Manager  Automotive
Webindex: 68544829
Company: Inchcape
Description: Are you a determined, driven and successful person looking to make the next step in their career? Inchcape are one of the leading franchised dealer groups in the UK with **** dealerships nationwide As part of an international PLC they currently employ **** with scale operations in Australia, Belgium, Greece, Hong Kong, Singapore and several other markets. Due to their continued success and growth they are now looking to recruit a Used Car Sales Manager to join their highly successful Audi dealership in Crawley, West Sussex. Reporting to the General Sales Manager, you will be responsible for  Operational sales requirements of the site to include stock purchasing, finance insurance related sales/development  Maintaining team motivation to ensure sales targets are met or exceeded  Vehicle valuation  Compliance with consumer credit directive and FSA  Financial management accounts understanding and interpretation  Maintaining the high level of Customer service that our customers expect The ideal candidate will have previous experience in Automotive Sales. Experience in a prestige dealer will be beneficial however is not essential to be considered for the role. You will be able to lead, motivate and inspire your team to achieve KPI`s. A highly developed sales ability is essential to be considered for this position. With the offer of a competitive basic salary and an OTE of  **** this a fantastic opportunity for you to join Inchcape Audi as a Used Car Sales Manager. So if you feel you have the skills and drive to develop a team of automotive sales executives then APPLY TODAY for your chance to join us Used Car Sales Manager Role Based in Crawley Salary: **** OTE No terminology in the advert you have seen is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation, and we will gladly accept applications from all sections of the community. You should receive a form of response within 28 days of applying. By applying for a vacancy through Kudos People Ltd you will automatically be allocated with a unique username and password to our award winning recruitment company. To take full advantage register your details in full and access thousands of vacancies. Should you not wish to complete your registration please email branded.a****lgapiuwp8cvwow.aptrack.co