Title: Development Manager / Telesales  Shanghai
Webindex: 68180405
Company: I Expatriate.com
Description: Business Development Manager / Telesales  Shanghai Company Austen Morris and Associates Position Business Development Manager / Telesales Location Shanghai, China Austen Morris are looking for new Business Development Managers to join their existing sales team in Shanghai. Would you like to earn ****  **** GBP tax free within your first year? Are you looking to start or further a career in international finance? Would you like to live s fastest growing economy? The company Austen Morris Associates was established in 1994 and is a fully licensed Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise (WFOE) maintaining full legal recognition and framework in all areas of the world. Austen Morris and Associates has an excellent inhouse marketing team and we operate extensive campaigns covering: SEO and email, printed literature and public exhibitions. This generates qualified leads and enquiries for our sales team. The Role You will be assigned to work directly with the leading financial consultants within the company. You will be expected to manage existing clients and attract new clients via telesales and help expatriates and international investors achieve their financial goals. You will be provided with regular training and personal development meetings to progress your career. The company provides the following: You will receive a continuous basic salary plus excellent commissions Accommodation allowance Opportunities for progression and an excellent working environment Residence Visa Full training and development to achieve your full potential Market leading uncapped tax free earnings Marketing campaigns to generate warm leadsWe are looking for: Telesales / cold calling experience (industry experience isn t necessary) Success and target driven individuals Excellent communication skills Excellent organisational skills Eagerness to start or further a career in financial consultancy Ability to adapt to a fastpaced environment Willing to relocate Hard working