Title: Telemarketing Executive (B2B)
Webindex: 68706931
Company: Connexica
Description: ABOUT CONNEXICA Connexica are a leading Business Intelligence software company whose solutions are utilised by organisations across the globe. Established in 2006, Connexica has continued to grow and is now looking for a dynamic telemarketer to join our successful team. ABOUT THE ROLE As a telemarketer, you will have a natural flair for gathering information, coupled with the ability to effectively lead a conversation. You will be required to generate leads by understanding client needs and tailoring products and services accordingly. Experience in making a high volume of outbound B2B calls and the ability to connect with the correct people is essential. The successful candidate will be selfmotivated and possess the desire to perform in a fast paced environment. Experienced in working to targets with strong verbal and written communication skills is required. SKILLS REQUIRED Develop and maintain a key understanding of Connexica’s solution and services to enable identification of opportunities Ability to converse with clevel executives within an organisation in a clear and a concise manner Articulate, positive, enthusiastic Previous experience in a customer facing/sales role is desirable Understanding of Business Intelligence concepts and computer software is desirable WHAT WE OFFER Connexica is a friendly, dynamic company where we offer a real opportunity for people to grow and develop. The successful candidate will be involved in helping to establish new campaigns and ideas with scope for career progression. A competitive salary of ****k ****k (dependent on skills  experience)  benefits  free car parking. Working hours are 9.00am  5.30pm, Monday to Friday. NEXT STEPS Please send your current CV along with a covering letter explaining your suitability for the role. All applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK (in line with the Asylum and Immigration Act ****).As part of our recruitment process, you may be asked to provide original documented evidence. No Employment Agencies please. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelemarketingExecutiveB2B_job****