Title: Legal Support ExecutiveLondon
Webindex: 68257874
Company: INTERACTION RECRUITMENT
Description: LEGAL SUPPORT EXECUTIVE  South East/South West London ****K We are recruiting for a successful Legal Support Executive to join a growing business. If you are currently a Legal Support Executive and looking for a new and exciting role read on. Our client specialises in the gathering of evidence for litigation (witness statements/ locus reports) and document signing. This role requires a candidate who must live in the South East or South West of London being responsible for towns such as Bromley and Croyden. You will be based form home and meeting clients face to face. This role is field based reporting to our clients head office in York. This role requires the suitable candidate to complete a targeted number of statements of evidence. If the successful candidate completes the targeted number of statements per calendar month, it will be deemed that you met the target for that month. You will be required to visit customers of solicitor clients using your own vehicle (expenses are paid) ; witnesses; police officers; and other third parties, potentially involved in road traffic accident, public and employers` liability personal injury claims, to gather factual information. Collating evidence from persons by working with and assessing a range of factual information; collating information; preparing/typing witness statements; locus reports and writing reports, in accordance with the requirements of the business. As part of your role you will be required to attend accident locations to prepare sketch plans and obtain photographic evidence and information necessary to prepare locus reports in accordance with the requirements of the business. Undertaking personal visits upon third parties, including 'cold' or speculative calls to unknown parties. You will be required to liaise with solicitor clients and their customers; witnesses; third parties; and agents of our clients by telephone, letter, email, or such other means to carry out the requirements of the business. Suitable candidates will be experienced Personal Injury solicitors or legal executives, with good clerical skills, who are looking for a change in direction whilst still wanting to use their experience and understanding of what is required to gather the relevant information for litigation. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/LegalSupportExecutiveLondon_job****