Title: Senior Sales Executive  Marketing & PR Software
Webindex: 68669456
Company: Vocus
Description: Vocus is looking for a strong Software Sales Executive to support our worldwide expansion. Vocus is a high growth technology company an industry leader in the SaaS field. Averaging 30% growth annually, we have a competitive sales culture within a fastpaced and energised working environment. Vocus is the leading provider of ondemand software for marketing and public relations management. Our webbased software suite helps organisations of all sizes to improve the way they communicate with both the media and the public, optimising their public relations activity and increasing their ability to measure its impact. Our software enables organisations to raise awareness of their products and services to both journalists and consumers and to monitor and communicate with people across social media platforms. THE ROLE As a Senior Sales Executive you will be responsible for generating revenue from some of the largest organisations in the UK. Supported a by a Leadgeneration team, y ou will think strategically and take a consultative approach to demonstrate how Vocus can add value to the customer’s PR activities. You will have experience selling software or technical solutions and demonstrate successes versus target in previous roles. To be considered for this role, you will demonstrate credibility at senior level, be results orientated and have a positive problemsolving approach. Responsibilities: • Generate new business with prospective large clients within a defined territory, across all industries • Manage long and complex sales cycles  conductingdetailed needs analysis, proposing solutions, pricing and negotiation of final deals • Confidently presentto senior decisionmakers  demonstrating wellinformed expert solutions to their business needs Experience (essential): • Experience achieving and delivering set goals and targets. • Significant experience in field sales, specifically in demonstrating and selling software facetoface. • Experience selling to new clients and working to monthly and quarterly targets. Experience (preferred): • BA/BS degree or equivalent experience preferred (**** or above). Skills / Attributes • Businesslike, credible at senior level. • Technically competent, IT literate, comfortable working with software. • Comfortable working extensively with a sales CRM software such as Salesforce.com, MS Office (especially Excel and PowerPoint). • Ability to handle fastpaced environments with effective timemanagement skills. Must be able to prioritise and meet deadlines. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesExecutiveMarketingPRSoftware_job****