Title: DIRECT SALES EXECUTIVE, NEWCASTLE  NO EXP NECESSARY
Webindex: 66600207
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: Direct Sales Executive, Newcastle. Our client is one of the best known brands in the UK and they are offering opportunities for Direct Sales Executives in key locations. Do you like being in charge of your own destiny AND would relish having one of the UK s most respected brands behind you? Are you a determined person who loves to have goals? Do you have a strong work ethic and a desire to be the best? If you can answer a big YES to these questions, then working as a Direct Sales Executive for our client could be for you. Our clients self employed Direct Sales Executives promote and sell memberships. That means having the best of both worlds  the freedom to be responsible for your own mini business and the backing and training of this leading UK brand. They will give you everything you need to set you up  all the branded sales collateral, through to induction training and coaching from experienced managers. Previous sales experience may be an advantage but is not essential. More important is your desire to succeed and contribute to our clients worldclass brand. You will work independently at locations such as shopping centres, motorway services and on thriving high streets. This is a self employed opportunity and you will be responsible for your own revenue. Top performers earn an average of **** to **** per annum. The locations are second to none, and include a varied site portfolio maximising the best possible footfall, providing you with maximum opportunities and enabling you to make the most of every possible sale. Requirements:  Exceptional communication skills  Excellent customer service skills  Self motivation and the ability to work unsupervised  Full driving licence  Smart appearance HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Direct Sales Executive will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full valid UK Driving Licence. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Direct Sales, Field Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Representative,Sales Consultant, Sales Rep