Title: Trainee Recruitment Consultant  Sales Essential
Webindex: 69992557
Company: Connex Holdings
Description: Trainee Recruitment Consultant  Nottingham  Sales experience Essential Are you looking for a long term career and not just another dead end job? If all you want to do is work hard, earn great commission and avoid office politics then why not become a Trainee Recruitment Consultant with us? Working at Connex Recruitment is fun and exciting with its everyday challenges. What our employees love about our company is that we offer a good Recruitment training program, a buzzing sales floor and our management team (whether it's the MD, Branch Manager or Senior Consultant) is always on hand to offer help and advice. We pride ourselves for having an open and honest culture where employees feel valued and play an integral part of the team. Achievers are rewarded with great incentives like Spa days, office meals, Friday beers, Champagne and shopping vouchers and who can forget to mention our famous annual holiday target which has seen us bask in glorious Palma sunshine in recent years Unlike our competitors our dress code is casual Monday to Friday. Recruitment experience is not necessary Instead you must have at least 6 months experience in outbound sales including telesales, door to door or target driven retail sales. Your own research into Recruitment is ESSENTIAL before applying. Connex Education recruit candidates who are resilient, hardworking and above all who want to take ownership of what they do and achieve. Our employees are ambitious and not afraid to put in the hours to reap the rewards. We recruit candidates who are not afraid of picking up the phone and facing rejection time and time again. Egos need not apply Only candidates who are positive with the drive to succeed will be considered. A career as a Trainee Recruitment Consultant is all about sales, sales, sales The role will test you to your limits and you will face daily challenges when cold calling to win new business, interviewing candidates, meeting clients to discuss their Recruitment needs and selling our services. You will be running your own business with all the support, tools and training thrown in  what you achieve from there is up to you and the hard work you put in. The job and our culture is not for everyone, but for those it works for, they've never looked back. You can find out more by going onto our website and looking at our Recruitment careers video. Trainee Recruitment Consultant Hours are 7.30am  5pm and 9am  5pm Trainee Recruitment Consultant Connex Education This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeRecruitmentConsultantSalesEssential_job****