Title: Sales Engineer
Webindex: 64795558
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: Our client, a systems integration specialist, provides energy solutions to commercial clients in the Midlands area. Well established they have long term contracts with varied end users across the region. Our client is looking for an Sales Engineer who's role will be predominantly business generation ultimately securing maintenance/service contracts and energy advice applications. Duties will include: Develop business from new and existing customers within a geographical territory. Generate leads through cold calling procedures with Managing Agents, Consultants & End Users with an aim of being included on tender lists. Undertake site surveys to advise on solutions/products and apply them to customer requirements. Develop/Creating building controls/lighting scheme to customer requirements. Produce commercially viable quotes and follow up all quotations with customers in order to complete the sales cycle. Complete monthly reports to MD, including sales tracking and diary management. Guarantee customer satisfaction by keeping regular communication with clients, identifying and resolving problems as they arise and maintain relationships through Account Management. Carry out complete handover of successful bids to the service department. Contribute to the growth of the Energy Division both technically (what technical solutions would be most suitable for a specific customer) and commercially (for what price should products be sold/purchased/margins). Assist in the management and coordination of customer projects from initial enquiry to solution implementation and commissioning. Develop role as division expands  contributing to development of new product offerings/solutions. Ideally with an BMS/Energy background but not essential, applicants must have a good technical sales experience with an understanding of how a building works and the impact of PPM on the working environment. Be selfmotivated, be able to work on their own initiative, have good knowledge of Excel, Word & Outlook, used to working to deadlines and have excellent people skills.This is an exceptional opportunity to join an expanding proactive employer offering an attractive salary, car, lucrative commission and additional benefits.