Title: Sales Executive  Travel Media (TAD)
Webindex: 66930857
Company: INKGLOBAL
Description: About us I Ink is the global leader in connecting with travellers. We write, design and produce inflight magazines for more airlines than any other company in the world, reaching a captive audience of hundreds of millions of travellers each year via Targeted Advertising (TAD) on confirmation emails, checkin emails, printathome mobile boarding passes and onboard entertainment systems. We are proud to work with over three dozen airlines, producing media in **** languages and selling advertising in over **** countries. Our clients include Air Macau, Bangkok Airways, easyJet, Eurostar, Germanwings, Gulf Air, Jetstar, Ryanair, THAI Airways, Tiger Airways, TurboJET (the ferry from Hong Kong to Macau), United Airlines, PrivatAir and Wizz Air, plus many more. We own the Airline Retail Conference (ARC) in Europe and AsiaPacific, the China Travel Retail Conference in Shanghai, and we produce the Airline Passenger Experience Media Platform in association with APEX, the Airline Passenger Experience Association. We are ranked 7th in the Investec Hot 100 Real Business List 2012 for high performance companies. For more information see www.inkglobal.com About Targeted Advertising (TAD) TAD enables our clients to chose exactly which passengers they want to reach with their adverts by using our targeted advertising solutions on printathome boarding passes, smart phone boarding passes, web pages and confirmation emails. Advertising is automatically chosen and delivered according to parameters such as destination, origination, gender, class flown and passenger nationality. This is a rapidly evolving area and is a core part of Ink s growth strategy. About the role Media Traders sell Targeted Advertising products to new and existing clients from lead generation and developing new sales channels to closing deals over the phone Provide excellent customer service to maximise repeat bookings Identify and create business opportunities to present to new and existing clients About you Resilient and driven Excellent written and verbal communication skills Motivated, competitive and eager to learn Able to solve new problems quickly in a fast moving environment Confident in your abilities Strong desire to learn, develop skills and succeed Accountable and responsible for your actions Naturally happy and positive Previous experience in media is not required. We're more interested in how you think and learn Why Ink? Fast moving environment for a market leader in a growth sector Coaching and development programmes for all employees International travel opportunities Significant earning potential