Title: Sales Person  Construction Background
Webindex: 72439853
Company: Fastrac Resourcing Solutions Ltd
Description: This vacancy is advertised on behalf of Fastrac who are a construction specific recruiter operational nationally. Working across all sectors within Construction, our recruiters will endeavour to ensure that the right candidate is placed in the right job for them. With over 20 years experience construction recruitment, Fastrac can offer candidates work with a huge variety of clients with whom we have developed long term successful relationships Our client is a leading regional fit out contractor looking to move forward in the construction market offering a wide range of products and services to the industry. Due to the fact the company is significantly growing they are now recruiting an experienced construction sales person. As a driven organisation they seek an individual who will push for the next sale, is confident chasing up opportunities and then converting them into sales. Responsibilities/Duties: Quoting for new projects, liaising with customers over the phone and following up sales leads. you will be a confident communicator with an excellent telephone manner that will enable you to speak effectively to architects, specifiers and main contractors. You will need to be well educated and be computer literate, with experience of Microsoft Word, Outlook and Excel. You will liaise with both existing and potential customers, quoting enquiries, handling availability requests, dealing with and providing solutions to customer's needs. Providing written quotations and estimates for projects managing your own projects  calling prospects and customers regularly to update project quotations and secure sales. Account managing key accounts (e.g. architects, main contractors) and keeping in regular contact. Requirements:HNC/HND in Construction/Architecture or better and any relevant sales experience Experience: Experience of account management or sales within the construction market is essential. There will be an element of travelling to meetings / sites so driving licence is advantageous. Salary/Benefits: Basic salary for the position is negotiable dependant on experience, competitive bonus scheme and benefits available. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesPersonConstructionBackground_job****