Title: Account Management Executive
Webindex: 69994222
Company: Fresh Recruits Ltd
Description: Our client is dedicated to developing highperforming security solutions for home users and corporate customers. They currently have an opportunity available for an Account Management Executive to join their team and effectively drive growth. The successful candidate will build and manage a qualified pipeline of channel partners and work with external territory sales managers. This position requires inbound call answering, qualification, quote production, follow up, and close of business. This will also include a large amount of outbound calling to your channel partners and external territory sales manager. Essential Functions: Interface with channel partners and end users via telephone and email to provide assistance and close of business/deals; Qualify leads and coordinate with external account managers and channel partners; Provide product literature, evaluation software, lead referrals to channel; Keep your channel fully updated on company developments; Help generate reports and forecasts for your channel partners; Achieve/exceed targets; Attend exhibitions if/when required to represent the company; Other duties as assigned. Applicants must have strong telephone and business communication skills as well as the ability to maintain a high outbound call volume. Experience with account management is essential as is the ability to grow channel business. In addition you will have strong consultative selling, time management and organizational skills, the ability to work well in a team but equally on own and the ability to close business while achieving a high level of customer satisfaction Salary: ****K  commission Due to the high number of applications we are receiving at present, we are unable to respond to every application individually. If you do not hear from us within 3 days please assume that your application has not been successful. We may contact you in the future about other suitable positions. EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES Fresh Recruits is committed to a policy of equal opportunities for all work seekers and shall adhere to such a policy at all times and will review on an ongoing basis on all aspects of recruitment to avoid unlawful or undesirable discrimination. We will treat everyone equally irrespective of sex, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity, age, disability, race, colour, ethnic or national origin, religion and beliefs, political beliefs or membership or nonmembership of a Trade Union and we place an obligation upon all staff to respect and act in accordance with the policy. Fresh Recruits will ensure that each candidate is assessed only in accordance with the candidate's merits, qualification and ability to perform the relevant duties required by the particular vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagementExecutive_job****