Title: Search Manager/Director/Strategist/SEO
Webindex: 68028227
Company: Salt
Description: Search Manager  London  ****k  SEO, Paid Search, Team Management, Analytics My client is a interactive marketing agency with global staff creating awardwinning and innovative work, across a Fortune **** client portfolio. You will evangelise Search internally and with clients. A superb opportunity has arisen for a Search Manager to join their very successful performance Marketing team. Reporting directly to the Head of Search, you will manage a team of strategists and associates  and will own fullcircle responsibility for SEO account relationships and execution. Candidate will evangelize Search internally and with clients The key daytoday tasks of the Search Manager include: Provide senior client account ownership and strategic oversight Build and manage a team of Search Media Associates and Strategists Provide detailed guidance and support for SEO auditing and assessments, strategic recommendations and implementation efforts, and ongoing maintenance and reporting Lead and manage client proposals and presentations. Lead implementation and management of appropriate SEO tools and analytics tools Train team on process, practices, and methodologies Stay uptodate with changes in the online marketing and search landscape, including tool recommendations, strategies, industry news, etc. Work with management to identify areas for process improvement and new solutions. You will be an experienced Search Manager with the appropriate mix of technical, creative, and clientfacing competencies. Key attributes of the Search Manager include: Solid experience performing Search Engine Optimisation, preferably in a clientfacing role. Strong understanding of SEO practice and methodology  including architectural and design competencies, content and writing knowledge, and offpage link and promotion understanding Strong understanding of SEO tool sets and search analytics tools Understanding of basic HTML and dynamic web development Advanced knowledge of MS Excel, Word and PowerPoint Must be detailed oriented, have strong presentation and project management skills and excellent verbal and written communication skills To apply for the Search Manager role, please click the 'Apply' button, alternatively please send your CV or call.