Title: International Channel Sales Executive (UK Based)
Webindex: 69250549
Company: Venator Recruitment Limited
Description: Venator recruitment is looking to recruit for an International Channel Sales Executive. You will be required to have experience with both direct sales and channel sales. Ideally you will have worked with dealers / resellers both on a sales and support basis. You will be the main point of contact for all resellers within the EMEA region. My client is an established Broadcast manufacturer with an excellent reputation offering a generous salary and commission structure. For more information please call Helen Lane on **** **** or email helen.lanevenatorrec.com. The successful candidate will be responsible for: Managing and taking accountability for the sales in the division covering everywhere outside of the Americas Region including distribution, sales and margin. Developing a detailed understanding of my clients full product range including points of differentiation, system specification and demonstration Supporting International Sales Manager (Newsroom, Scripting, Video Servers) with sales opportunities and expansion of dealer network in his product areas To Audit existing dealers and identify potential clients that are suitable to represent my clients products. Proactively managing the clients dealer base to identify opportunities, spec, demo, quote and secure sales across the product range Maintaining the pipeline of opportunities within your region and provide reporting to the Commercial Director at regular sales meetings. Identifying potential enhancements to existing solutions to open up new opportunities and markets. Primary point of contact for dealers and customers in the UK division. You will also be supported by one other sales administrator who will aid with simple quotes and all order entries and invoicing and shipping. Ensuring that all dealers are in the correct place and sales are maximised to their highest potential. My client is offering a competitive salary with a generous commission scheme and benefits. You must be willing to travel around the UK and Internationally. For more information please call Helen Lane on **** **** or email helen.lanevenatorrec.com.