Title: Head of Site  Derby
Webindex: 68700131
Company: Orange Recruitment
Description: Head of Site  Derby c****k Our client has an excellent opportunity to join their company, as one of the UK`s leading contact centre companies as Head of Site. Based at our client`s new Derby operation, this is a fantastic opportunity to take on an exciting challenge to define and establish a top sales contact centre. You will be responsible for supporting, leading and developing the client campaign in order to assist in the delivery of company strategy and business plans through working partnerships and client confidence. You will assist in maximising gross profit revenue through profit and loss and ensure that the site matches the expectations of our client`s company and the client requirements. As a Head of Site, what kind of responsibilities will I have?  Protect current client base and encourage growth by identifying areas and opportunities to increase revenue and reduce costs.  Maintain and improve all areas of operational performance through setting and reviewing relevant KRA/ KPI and agreeing recovery and action plans  Manage the campaign teams and all key personnel to provide the contracted services to clients at the agreed levels of service and quality, ensuring that all company targets and goals are adhered to.  Accountable for site standards inclusive of any relevant audits internal / client or external ie ISO  Assist in the delivery of excellent service ensuring seamless transaction of client processes and procedures  Hold regular meetings with operations manager to communicate client and company information, drive performance improvements, and discuss people management, issues faced and future plans.  Strive to inspire, motivate, support, lead and develop operations manager and their direct reports across the campaign through the use of performance management, feedback, coaching, training and other development activities.  In conjunction with the Business Manager maintain and improve all areas of operational and campaign performance through setting and reviewing KPIs and agreeing recovery and action plans. As Head of Site what skills experience will I need?  Indepth knowledge of contact centre practices and technology  Contact Centre Experience gained at management level  Excellent communication and influencing skills at a senior level  Experience of client partnerships, working to identify and maximise business growth and development opportunities for Business managers to develop further  Proven outstanding leader of large teams of people and management skills gained in a customerfocused environment at a senior level  Understanding of resource planning and of how this can support the operational function of the campaign`s success  Understanding of business planning and experience of objective setting to ensure that business plans are delivered  Results focused and committed to the values surrounding outstanding service delivery through effective people management This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofSiteDerby_job****