Title: Sales and Customer Service (Experience not necessary)
Webindex: 72248880
Company: SLS Recruitment
Description: Exciting, FastPaced Office Environment My Client is based in the heart of Kent and currently requires Sales Executives with great Customer Service skills for immediate start due to expansion and client demand. Successful applicants will be dealing with all aspects of the following:  Customer Service  Sales and Customer Acquisition  Marketing  Promoting Brand Awareness Key attributes my Client is looking for are:  Great communication skills  Passion for sales  Excellent people skills  Ability to work in a team environment  Involvement in team activities  High standard of customer service For the more ambitious person, this role offers different stages of development and progression on a what you know not who you know basis. Sales experience is not necessary but a willingness to learn is essential. A great personality and a positive, can do attitude would make you a great candidate for this Sales and Customer Service role. An immediate start is an advantage however, not essential for the right candidate. Benefits of being part of the team:  Recognition and rewards for hard work and meeting targets  Travel opportunities  Incentives This position is based in Maidstone, Kent and candidates would be required to commute to the office on a daily basis. Stage **** of this position is based on a performance related package, in the initial stages you can expect to earn ******** per week on average. Full, ongoing coaching and support is provided. Experience in the following areas would be advantageous but NOT necessary: Customer Service, Sales, Marketing, Retail, Call Centre and Business Development. To apply for this role, please use the online application process. If considered for this role you will receive an email regarding appointments. ALL CANDIDATES MUST BE **** OR OVER, LIVE IN THE UK AND BE ABLE TO TRAVEL TO MAIDSTONE ON A DAILY BASIS We are unable to sponsor applicants who are not EU Citizens.