Title: External Sales / Partner Executive / Sales Executive  North
Webindex: 72447889
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: Dynamic and driven sales people wanted They are looking for a passionate and highly driven sales person with experience in telecoms sales to join one of their channel/reseller teams. This team manages hundreds of partners that sell their solutions on to other business clients and who sign up new partners to do the same. This is an exciting opportunity for someone looking to take their next step into an external sales role in a growing company at the forefront of its industry. Who they are: Our client provides a range of managed network services that deliver clear economic advantage and the performance customers need for their critical data. Our clients route to market is purely through partners that sell to the business community. Their innovative approach to integrating network services provides customers with optimal cost network designs, as well as centralised, resilient and virtualised computing environments. They are highly successful, making us an exciting Company to be employed by, let alone for people to place their business with They are an equal opportunities employer who value internal progression highly, so their employees should expect to succeed. They look for candidates who can demonstrate their core values: Cando, Accountable, Positive, Excellence, Integrity. To be considered for this role, candidates must be able to demonstrate the following skills and experience:  Have experience of field sales role with responsibility for selling new business.  Show a history of successfully selling data telecommunications solutions.  Be capable of achieving monthly targets.  Will need to comfortable carry out reactive and proactive account management of partners.  In line with company strategy, proactively promote channel strategic initiatives with partners. What's in it for you?  Base salary up to **** with up to 22,000 OnTarget Commission.  25 days' holiday, rising with long service  Group Personal Pension (employer contribution on a matched basis up to specified %)  Life Insurance  Health Cash Plan  Employee Assistance Programme (twentyfour/seven confidential advice and support helpline for staff) Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK and as they have an immediate requirement applicants must be based in the UK. Applicants should note that the Company will require any successful candidates to complete a satisfactory basic disclosure through Disclosure Scotland. Unfortunately due to the volume of applications they receive for their vacancies they are unable to contact unsuccessful candidates. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExternalSalesPartnerExecutiveSalesExecutiveNorth_job****