Title: Swedish/Finnish/Danish/Norwegian Business Development Executive
Webindex: 72242150
Company: Language Matters
Description: Our client, a multinational technology company is currently looking for a Swedish, Finish, Danish or Norwegian speaking Business Development Executive. The main responsibility for the suitable candidate would be finding new business opportunities and generating revenue for the company by outbound calling. The Swedish, Finish, Danish or Norwegian speaking Business Development Executive will need to generate sales, business development and revenue, through a high number of outbound calls, meetings and exceeding set targets. Ideally, the company is looking for a Swedish, Finish, Danish or Norwegian speaking sales person who has a passion for technology sales, developing business and is extremely target orientated. Profile Swedish or Finish or Danish or Norwegian to mother tongue standard Fluency in written and spoken English Solid and proven experience in Swedish sales or Finnish sales or Danish sales or Norwegian sales Previous experience in sales, business development or outbound calling/telesales is essential for this position An excellent understanding and keen interest in technology is desirable Excellent communication skills Target/performance orientated NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. To apply, please send your CV in word format to Frank Etman. We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SwedishFinnishDanishNorwegianBusinessDevelopmentExecutive_job****