Title: Technical PreSales Consultant  West Yorkshire
Webindex: 72490434
Company: Invigorate Recruitment
Description: Technical PreSales Consultant ****K****K (with performance related bonus) Keighley Invigorate Recruitment are looking for a proactive and energetic individual who thrives on learning, interacting with customers and being part of a dynamic Sales and Marketing Team working with cutting edge technology for a client in the Keighley area. You will provide support to the Sales Team and liaise with new and existing customers. Delivering proposals on both a technical and business level, accurately reflecting the scope of work required to deliver these solutions. The role is predominantly deskbased but there will be some opportunities to visit customers on more complex solutions. Responsibilities:  Acting as the customers primary technical and product knowledge source during the sales process, you will be responsible for producing technical responses and content for RFIs and proposals working to tight deadlines.  Understand customers business and technical problems and accurately convey their requirements to the Product Development, Technical Services and Management Teams  Ensure projects are scoped, assessed and accurately estimated.  Deliver customer proposals that are 100% aligned to the product and business strategy  Gather market and competitive intelligence providing feedback to the Management Team to inform product development and marketing strategy  Liaise effectively with the Account Manager once the proposal has been agreed by the customer to ensure the process from sales to delivery is successfully completed.  Stay abreast of the product roadmap. Ensuring that you have an indepth understanding of all products and solutions and how these are applied to address business and technical problems.  Organise requirements for demonstrations and proof of concepts during the sales process with the Product Development and Sales Teams.  Work with the Sales and Marketing Team to increase the number of successful sales opportunities Essential Capabilities:  Be a strong team player  actively contributing to the development of a successful team  Ability to work methodically with attention to detail  Selfmotivated with the ability to work on own initiative  Ability to take ownership of assigned responsibilities  Excellent presentation skills both verbally and written  Technical knowledge of all types of Networks is essential, training on other technologies will be given  At least 5 years experience in a Technical PreSales role  Customer service/interaction background, IT consultancy/IT Service Centre experience would be an advantage  Past experience gained from working for a Manufacturer, Reseller or Distributor would be advantageous Please Apply Today