Title: Sales Graduate Programme
Webindex: 72442490
Company: Akzo Nobel
Description: At AkzoNobel we’re building a business that has a reputation for producing excellent products that deliver something extra. Take our paint range – they make things look good but do so much more. Our paints can protect (we have developed antibacterial paint for use in hospitals) desmog (we have exterior paint that can neutralize toxic substances) and bring light to dark areas (through our LumiTec technology). We are taking the same approach to our graduate programmes too. We will not only utilise your learning as well as develop your technical and business abilities but we will involve you in business critical projects and help you develop the skills to tackle real business issues. Like our paint products our graduate programmes go beyond the expected. We are not believers in ‘one size fits all’. On our Business Development/Sales Graduate Programme you will not be shoe horned into a generic training scheme. Your development will be tailored to meet your needs. Over a two year period you will work across at least one sales channel gaining experience of account management and category management. We are looking to develop you into a future sales manager/director and our programme will give you a great platform from which to achieve this vision. You will also participate in our world class Sales Academy Training Scheme which will prepare you further for life at the leading edge of our business as you develop the skills to enable you to delight customers with tailored solutions and drive future growth. Day to day you will you will manage a portfolio of accounts, taking responsibility for developing customer relationships and delivering creative solutions that exceed their expectations. Key to your success will be your ability to develop a network of contacts across our commercial team, including Supply Chain, Finance and Marketing. Your role will initially be based at our Head Office in Slough, Berkshire however, you will be required to travel across our UK and Ireland Operations so a full driving licence is essential. To be part of our Sales Team you will need work/placement/internship experience in a commercial environment, strong commercial awareness and the capability to build strong customer relationships. In addition you will have a minimum of 300 UCAS points or equivalent, have achieved or be expecting to achieve at least a ****:1 degree or equivalent and be fluent in English. Any degree discipline will be considered however, a businessrelated degree would be an advantage. Closing date: 27th January 2013 Start date: September 2013 This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesGraduateProgramme_job****