Title: Senior Media Planner/Buyer
Webindex: 71171160
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Senior Media Planner/Buyer Di ****  ****  Comm Our client is a leading global digital marketing agency, is currently looking to recruit a Senior Media Planner/Buyer to join their vibrant London based team. As Senior Media Planner/Buyer, you will be organised and confident enthusing overseeing our clients media offering, with focus on media services and nurturing and strengthening partner/client relationships. With an assertive and efficientl attitude you will be manageing the output strategy across various digital marketing channels. You will report to the Client Manager and manage a media team as well as assiting other departments. As an enthusiastic and driven individual you will have strong communication and presentation skills, building relationships with teams and clients proactively developing and presnting new inititatives leading to incremental revenue on existing accounts. Business orientated and stratically focused you will manage the media team ensuring optimal utisation of resource and optimal delivery of planning, buying, tracking and optimisation tasks. You will be an excellent organisor and manage overall relationship and commercial contracts with third party partners within delivery offering areas such as third party adserving, reseach and rich media providers. As an international organiastion there is potential to travel and therefore a second european language (Spanish/German/Italian or French)) is advantageous. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of an exciting media company, offering great benefits. If you are passionate and ambitious, looking for a challenging career in the media industry apply now Key Responsibilities of the Senior Media Planner/Buyer include: . Nuture and manage strong client relationships (in conjuction with accounts team) . Manage the media team ensuring optimal utilisation of resource and optimal delivery of planning, buying, tracking and optimisation tasks . Identify new developments in the areas of segmentation, targeting and tracking to evolve and improve media offering . Work with account team to proactively develop and present new initiatives leading to incremental revenue on existing accounts . Manage overall relationship and commercial contracts with publishers and third party partners within delivery offering areas such as third party adserving, research and rich media providers . Quality control all media outputs including presentations, recommendations, media plans and reports sent to clients and third parties . Monitor live camaigns identify issues and optimisation steps . Develop and maintain relationships with sales representatives and clients Qualities we're looking for in the Senior Media Planner/Buyer include: . Previous experience digital media planning (new media/online advertising) preferred . Knowledge in Digital Marketing/Online industry . Strong knowledge in direct reponse with experiec running cost per action campaigns . Experience managing a team . Knowledge adserving, website tracking and research platforms . Fluent in Spanish/German/Italian/French (is advantageous) . Good knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . Strong presentation and negotiation skills . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focussed . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this role. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorMediaPlannerBuyer_job****