Title: Business Development Executive  South of England
Webindex: 70160697
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Business Development Executive to join one of the UK's leading online learning companies. They are ambitious about entering new markets with new products in new territories, and with a background in education, they now have business, local government and notfor profit clients throughout the UK and overseas. They pride themselves on being a friendly, familyrun business, and aim to be the best company to work for in the local area. Their tagline  'Stretch Beyond'  sums up how they work and what they offer their customers. They innovate, they exceed customer expectations and they have fun doing things differently. Due to continued expansion, they are looking for an ambitious and high achieving Business Development Executive to join their team, covering the south of England in an already establised territory. The Role You will be responsible for proactively generating new business, selling their IT products and services to primary schools. This is a home based role and you will be expected to travel throughout the south of England, sourcing and developing relationships with your client base. Key responsibilities:  Negotiating contracts and closing sales  Developing and maintaining your own pipeline of activity  Increasing the customer base within your territory  Demonstration of their products, both online and by face to face meetings  Achieve a minimum of **** face to face visits/demonstrations per week  Work with the production and delivery teams to ensure customer expectations are met and managed in line with their service level agreements  Working closely with the marketing team to maximise sales opportunities  Ensure that the product is delivered on time, on quality, on budget and to customer satisfaction Essential requirements:  Proven track record in new business sales, achieving and exceeding targets  Excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills  A self starter that is driven, self motivated and hungry to succeed  Be committed to your own development  Hold a full driving licence In addition to the above, experience in the following would be an advantage:  Experience of selling into the education market  Experience of selling IT products  Sound understanding of web based software products The package:  Basic salary ******** (OTE ********  uncapped)  Eligibility for company car scheme in line with sales revenue achieved  Excellent opportunities for personal development  23 days holiday (plus Bank Holidays) per annum They are always looking for staff who are willing to go the extra mile for customers, who are dedicated to learning and personal development, and who are keen to work harder and smarter than their competitors. Those with skill, enthusiasm and team spirit do not go unnoticed, and there are always opportunities for promotion and reward based on performance.