Title: Sales Engineer (Petrochemicals / Agrochemicals / Power industry)
Webindex: 68594296
Company: Edwards and Pearce Ltd
Description: Sales Engineer (Petrochemicals/Agrochemicals/Power industry) LOCATION: Hull, Newcastle, Lincoln, York, Leeds, Doncaster, Bradford SALARY AND BENEFITS: ****  ****  Car  Benefits SUMMARY: The Company are looking to recruit an experienced customerfocused External Sales Engineer to widen and deepen their relationships with key players in the Chemical Processing and Petrochemical industries. The role will enable further penetration into these exciting markets where the company is already a leader in the manufacture and installation of their products. The role will be to maintain existing accounts with an emphasis on seeking out new customers and developing these into profitable business. The ideal candidate will have a technical / engineering sales background with strong relationship building skills and a proven track record in new business development. Presenting to key clients and decision makers will be a regular part of the role, meaning you will need to be an excellent communicator. You will be resilient and tenacious with a drive to succeed. You will also be independent and a selfmotivator but also have the ability to work with a team. COMPANY INFORMATION:  Global engineering and manufacturing company.  Based in Hull, but part of an international group with offices worldwide. YOU MUST HAVE THE FOLLOWING:  An engineering degree or relevant engineering / technical background.  A proven track record in business development.  A background in capital goods or high value engineered product sales to the chemical and petrochemical industries.  Experience in building relationships with technical clients.  The ability to work unsupervised and use own initiative.  Drive and ambition, both personal and on behalf of the company.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills. If you would like to apply for this role please forward your CV preferably in Microsoft Word format to hulledwardsandpearce.co.uk