Title: Regional Manager  Edinburgh
Webindex: 68709986
Company: Hermes
Description: Regional Manager  Edinburgh Hermes is the UK`s largest home delivery courier network handling more than 140 million collections and deliveries per annum. Hermes works with companies of all sizes, and in recent years has diversified from agency catalogue brands to work with leading high street, direct catalogue and online retailers in the UK including Next Directory, New Look, Lakeland Limited and ASOS. Hermes is part of the German based Otto group. A vacancy has arisen for a Regional Manager to cover the field operational areas at our site in Edinburgh. The successful applicant will form the link between Field Managers and the Divisional Manager, to whom they will report. We are therefore, looking for someone with a sound knowledge of distribution services. Purpose and Main Responsibilities of the Role:  To achieve targets and ensure the cost efficiency of the courier network is maximised to maintain contractual standards for our clients.  To represent the Company through personal contact with our clients who use the Parcelnet distribution network for the delivery of their products to their customers.  To monitor and evaluate the efficiency of parcel, catalogue and brochure distribution within the geographical region.  Maximising Courier deliveries and collections, whilst working within set budgetary criteria  To support Field Managers to ensure that Company standards are maintained.  To liase with the depots to ensure the agreed service levels are established and maintained to provide a consistent quality service to the courier.  To be creative and have the ability to organise a team for events such as conference presentations, courier roadshows, panels and regional meetings. Qualifications and Experience: This position requires the successful applicant to have previous management experience in particular negotiation skills, highly developed communication skills dealing with a range of people and have the ability to prioritise heavy workloads. The role will also include extensive travel therefore a full driving licence is required for this position. The ideal candidate will have a strong personality and the ability to work on their own initiative or as part of a team and also project a professional image. Closing Date: 11pm, 31st January 2013 This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RegionalManagerEdinburgh_job****