Title: Home Based Business Development – make your sales ability really pay
Webindex: 67401447
Company: My Abundant Living
Description: Location: UK , Europe Job type: Permanent Company: My Abundant Living Contact: Please click to apply now Salary: ****  uncapped Applications invited for interviews February and March 2013. The ability to think in new ways and directions is more critical today than ever before in mankind's history. If you are ready and have made the decision that you wish to equip yourself with the skills to manage change as a way of life and to open up your untapped creativity, our business model may be for you. You will be working from home under an authorized representative model. Successful candidates will be mentored to develop their own high growth businesses alongside their existing career or commitments. Our Sales associates earn very well for themselves while enjoying a tremendous self regulated lifestyle and building equity in a business that they may one day decide to sell. The Person Our existing sales associates have come from diverse backgrounds; from sales and marketing to law, accounting, general management, customer service, business owners, graduates, to stay at home Mums and Dads looking to return to the workforce. They have one thing in common and that is to build a stronger financial wall around themselves and their familys that is sustainable throughout even the most hostile of economic climates You will be ambitious, enthusiastic, self motivated and determined. A good communicator, with a positive and professional attitude The Rewards what s in if for You By following our simple business system, on a part time basis, you have the potential to earn a **** figure plus income. Our global organization continues to experience high growth with 2013 set for greater expansion. You will receive full support and hands on training from day one giving you a genuine and real opportunity to earn the income you want Enjoy an interesting and professional occupation, all the while introducing the work/life balance you ve always wanted. Join an enthusiastic, growing global team who offer an ongoing Q and A Mentoring enviroment. You are invited to get in touch if you have already made a decision that you wish to succeed in life and you wish to build a highly successful **** flexible and rewarding, part time or full time business. If your current circumstances have prompted you to ask yourself there must be more than this , then click the APPLY button Or CALL **** **** **** for more information.