Title: Sales Executive  Business Information
Webindex: 66936087
Company: BMS Sales Specialists LLP
Description: Sales Executive  Business Information THOUSANDS OF INDUSTRY SPECIALISTS ACROSS THE GLOBE: As an independent, firstrate market intelligence and business analysis company, our client plays a key role in assisting its customers with organisational, strategic and mission critical decisionmaking. All information is delivered via easytouse web platforms providing services and products which give many of the world's most important companies the wherewithal to achieve their commercial objectives and gain competitive edge. They employ thousands of industry specialists across the globe and continue to expand despite the widespread economic downturn. THE ROLE: To join the team you'll need to be bright, hungry and dynamic, and you'll have a real desire to develop your career. You'll have businesstobusiness sales experience, an excellent telephone manner and an ability to deal on a level with senior Marketing Directors and Communications Executives. Full training is available for the successful individual giving you a fantastic platform to achieve. THE PACKAGE FOR A SALES EXECUTIVE: 25k basic, OTE ****k Attractive Benefits Package. BMS is a leading consultancy specialising in sales recruitment . Established in 1990, BMS has achieved a truly nationwide presence through a number of regional centres. The head office in Egham is ideally located to service the needs of candidates and clients alike throughout London and the South East. Offering sales jobs for trainees, sales representatives, sales executives, sales engineers, area sales managers, territory managers and account managers, opportunities are available in every corner of the UK. Conveniently located on the M25, between the M3, M4 and M40 we are committed to meet with all potentially suitable applicants, face to face. Furthermore, our organisation consists of several highly focused teams, aimed at specific market sectors, enabling us to deliver a service directly tailored to your needs. Please visit our website at www.bmsuk.com alternatively contact Jay Rehncy on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveBusinessInformation_job****