Title: Meeting & Events Sales Manager
Webindex: 69169511
Company: Gainford Hotels Limited
Description: Situated in the heart of Newcastle, in an enviable location, our Hotel combines old character in the form of ****'s grandeur with contemporary elegance and four star luxury. We a looking for a Meeting Events Sales Manager who can spearhead a proactive sales culture throughout the Meetings Events team. You will need to demonstrate the ability to develop existing accounts to grow market share as well as proactively seeking new accounts. We are looking for as sales person with innovation and entrepreneurial flare, with a proved track record in sales and new business acquisition as well as strong commercial awareness, excellent communication skills and a passion to succeed. You will be required to drive the current M E Sales Team and encourage cross selling throughout the business. How well you develop working relationships with event organisers at local companies will determine whether your hotel gets the meetings, annual dinners and functions bookings it needs to boost profits. Key responsibilities will include: • Building relationships and networking. • Selling conferences and events over the phone. • Overseeing staff training and welfare. • Controlling the use of rooms. • Always on the lookout to increase turnover. This is primarily a day job, but the hours can be long if you factor in the need to monitor conferences and events  and if you are a voracious networker. This role is fast paced and perfect for those of you who enjoy the thrill of a sale and the stimulation of meeting people. You will be taking prospective clients round the hotel and you need to be able to negotiate prices in a difficult market while being conscious of the hotel room rates for day and overnight delegates. If you feel you hold the skills to apply for this role then we look forward to hearing from you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MeetingEventsSalesManager_job****