Title: Account Manager  Barnet  ****K****K  OTE  IT SALES
Webindex: 69539816
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Account Manager  Barnet, London. ********  OTE  Bens Market leading IT Reseller based on the outskirts of London are actively looking to grow their key accounts team and currently require **** Account Managers with a proven track record in the B2B sales market. Experience selling IT related products whether working for a Reseller, Distributor or Vendor would all be of interest but the right sales attitude is the more important attribute. Having been in the industry for a number of years they have grown considerably over 2012 and work with leading manufacturers including Trend Micro, Sophos, Symantec, Kyspersky and Checkpoint holding high level partner status offering the best products at the best prices. To apply as mentioned Account Managers will need to have ideally 2 years sales experience within the B2B IT sector as a minimum, demonstrating a track record working to and exceeding targets. You will need to be new business focused and be able to demonstrate experience working all stages of the sales cycle. Similar job titles include: Internal Sales Executive, Account Executive, Sales Executive, Business Development Executive, Telesales or Sales Consultant. The Account Manager role will be mainly office based but you will also be encouraged to meet your key customers in order to fully appreciate their business needs. All applicants will be given a fully comprehensive database to work from and as mentioned you will be responsible for building your own business pipeline and then working all stages of the sales cycle including quoting for business to ultimately closing the deal. Commission will be uncapped and targets staggered over the first 6 months to encourage over performance, you will also receive specific internal system and product training enabling you to get up to speed as quickly as possible and will also have a mentor to work alongside. For more information please email a copy of your CV or call Nick Lewis on (Apply online only) for an informal discussion. COMMUTABLE LOCATIONS: Enfield, Wood Green, Barnet, Watford, Harrow, Borehamwood, Wembley, Uxbridge, St Albans, Hemel Hempstead, Chesthunt, Ilford, Romford, Chigwell, Middlesex SIMILAR JOB TITLES: Account Manager, Sales Executive, Account Executive, Sales Consultant, Business Development Executive