Title: Creative Solutions Act Manager
Webindex: 67332201
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Creative Solutions Act Manager ****  comm. Our client, a massive media business has an exciting role as Creative Solutions Account Manager to join their London team. As Creative Solutions Account Manager you will be responsible for managing the agency sales team working on creative briefs and accompanying the agency sales rep to agency meetings to present and manage the internal process to get campaigns live within accurate timelines. As a proactive and creative individual you will be knowledgeable about our clients product and market, meeting clients objectives. You will be be target orientated achieving results and driving revenue from key accounts and allocated agency buying points. With confidence and drive you will sell creative soloutions across our clients portfolio of products including performance/brand/portal/mobile/video/ad network and research solutions. You will have strong communication skills ensuring relationships are managed, liasing with marketing and publishers to put together creative soloutions for key advertsiers pitches. You will have previous B2B online experience. If you want the opportunity to be part of an exciting media organisation offering great benefits and believe you could be the next rising star within the media industry, apply immediately. Key Responsibilities of the Creative Solutions Account Manager include: . Oversee and manage daytoday client relationships . Manage and inspire Account Managers and Account Executives . Understanding market conditions and competitive forces . Attending and contributing to sales meetings . Ensure all serach and media activity is being optimised effectively to meet targets, utilising relevant search management, analytics and adserving technologies . Support new business team and rovide collateral for new business pitches . Secure relationships on all client levels . Growing customer base by generating new leads . Provide high quality presentations and reports for client meetings . Growing levels of revenue from key accounts and allocaed agency buying points . Achieving targets and building new advertsers into our clients portfolio Qualities we're looking for in the Creative Solutions Account Manager include: . Previous experience within B2B online media . Previous experience with developing and driving new business . A good knowledge of online marketing . Outstanding creative sales ability . Experience managing a small team . Understanding of client side analytical packages highly desirable (Omniture, Coremetrics, GA) . Excellent client facing and telephone sales skills . Excellent communication, negotiation and presentation skills . Fluent spoken and written English (another European language advantageous but not essential) . Highly numerate and comfortable with data . A selfmotivated individual who is well organised and client focused . A solid ability to work at all levels . Work well underpressure . A strong work ethic and a good team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/CreativeSolutionsActManager_job****