Title: Business Development Manager (Customer Engagement)
Webindex: 71851245
Company: Assured Recruitment Solutions
Description: Job title: Customer Engagement Manager (UK Midlands ) Reporting to: Commercial Director Location: Birmingham Keele (UK) Salary: ********k  Bonus Summary: We are an award winning, high growth recruitment business. We are proud to be one of the fastest growing business in the UK as awarded by the Sunday Times and Virgin Fast Track 2012/**** We have a brand and a heritage we are proud of, and the future’s even more exciting. We have ambitious growth plans, and we are investing heavily in talent, our brand and technology is at the heart of our plan. Hiring great talent is key to our ongoing success. We are very pleased to have an opportunity for an ambitious Customer Engagement (New Business) specialist join our thriving business and develop our Midlands region. You will be highly ambitious, have a passion for brand, innovation, commercialisation of services and solutions and most importantly have the knowledge and experience of building and leveraging the benefits of new business opportunities. You will have values similar to that of our business culture; Relentless Ambition Entrepreneurial Ownership/Accountability Collaboration Driven to Success and Innovation We are more than just recruitment, we’re Uniting Ambition. We’re building something very special, with quality of engagement being at the heart of the growth strategy for success. We are not limited in vision, ambition or resource and require an equal minded Leader to join the business and be part of, shape and lead our growth. You will be our brand and communication leader, taking our business solutions to a defined and highly focused future customer base. You will enjoy working in a fast paced, change driven environment. We embrace change, it’s inevitable, and at Assured we’re all accountable for the success of the business. We offer an exciting future in a thriving project driven environment. We have a shared vision, we have a journey. Customer Engagement Manager (UK Midlands  New Business Development) You will have high aspirations and ambitions for your career (want to become a Business Development Director) Ideally, you will have experience of solution sales such as RPO and Managed Services. You will posses exceptional presentation skills, with the ability to and ideally experience of facilitating workshops. You will be New Business driven, underpinned by proven success in delivering quality driven opportunities. You will be commercially focused, with evidence of capitalising and developing new customer wins. You will be a natural networker, with experience of managing and developing senior relationships. You will be a strong project/programme manager, including both financial and resource planning. You will have strong people management skills, being able to manage both direct and indirect reports in a multisite matrix environment. You will be able to demonstrate a portfolio of industry success, ideally with knowledge of Retail, FMCG, TMT or Gambling. You will be both strategic and operational. We require both. You will ideally have some experience of using Salesforce or a similar CRM suite. You will have a solid understanding and experience of building market leading solutions in a B2B environment. You will only be limited by your own ambition. You will want to join something special and have ownership of your career. You will already be working in the Midlands and within a commutable distance to Birmingham and Keele. Industry Experience Required: Package: A salary of between **** and **** is on offer for the ideal candidate. The package will include a bonus scheme between ****K, holidays and other elements. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerCustomerEngagement_job****