Title: Business Development Manager  Experian Automotive
Webindex: 70028995
Company: Experian
Description: This is a great opportunity to join one of the most successful and exciting teams within Credit Services. Experian Automotiveis a market leader, providing information solutions to the automotive sector.We’re proud to help businesses manage risk, find, develop and manage profitable relationships. Having secured significant investment, this presents an excellent opportunity to drive growth within the automotive sector, working with the UK’s largest motor retailers, auction and aftermarket businesses. This is a field based role, significant travel required. Covering maternity leave for a 912 month period. Key Responsibilities  Managing a portfolio of clients within the automotive industry sector. Providing clients with solutions that incorporate AutoCheck, VMC, automotive data cleansing and marketing solutions, ESeries Business, Ledger **** EConsumerview Autotrace Plus.  Identify new opportunities for the development of business with the existing portfolio.  Identify and secure new business opportunities within the sector, outside of the portfolio  Identify and evaluate opportunities, assess competitor activity and in consultation with the line manager to make the decision to proceed with a contact strategy.  Extend existing and new products into new market areas and client base by approaching new prospects, presenting, writing proposals and closing the sale.  Ensure that all existing and new clients are properly contracted and relevant management information is kept up to date.  Work with product development team to support the development of additional revenue from existing high potential clients, through the release of new products and services.  Work across other business divisions as part of theaccount management team  Maintaining current revenue through active engagement with account planning process Key Requirements  Customer centric account management skills  Ability to identify and close new business opportunities  Good negotiating and influencing skills  Sales skills including objectives handling  Experience in similar role at this level in a sales or account development/management role  Ability to cross sell products and services  Personal presence and credibility  Quick and flexible thinking This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerExperianAutomotive_job****