Title: Retail Branch Manager
Webindex: 68203737
Company: Network Recruitment
Description: Branch Manager Co. Tyrone FullTime/Permanent **** OTE We are assisting a key client in the Retail Industry in their ongoing expansion and development. They understand that their staff are fundamental to their success and as such they have partnered with us to assist them in finding talented and experienced team members across NI. As one of the U.K. s fastest growing retailers, the company foster a can do approach with all their customers and staff and have developed a reputation for quality and service excellence. They urgently wish to receive applications from interested candidates for the role of Branch Manager. Job Profile: The purpose of this role is to maximise branch sales potential and ensure the smooth and efficient running of the branch while adhering to company policies and procedures. You will be expected to develop a successful sales team by effectively managing the performance of the team members. Responsibilities: Ensuring achievement of financial targets. Increasing turnover in line with Company expectations. Ensuring all current KPIs are achieved. Assisting in training and development of staff. Maintaining the highest level of customer care. Maintaining the highest standards of display and merchandising. Completing administration tasks accurately and on time. Demonstrating control of expenses, discounts and allowances. Maintenance and upkeep of the branch. Compliance with all statutory laws. Ensuring customer orders are processed quickly and efficiently, in keeping with company procedures. All other tasks, duties and accountabilities appropriate to the role and position. Interested candidates must have: Previous retail management experience. Previous experience of working in a target driven environment. Proven ability to make a measurable difference. Proven strong sales track record. Sound knowledge of sales techniques and the sales processes. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office packages. Must be able to handle and lift products. If you are an energetic and positive individual and have a flexible approach to your work, you might be the right candidate for this role. You will need to be selfmotivated with excellent organisational and administration skills and a can do attitude. To show your interest in this role, please click on the link provided, sending us a copy of your CV (in word format only please) accompanied by a personal statement detailing why you feel this specific role suits you ideally highlighting your key skills. Please note that candidates that meet the essential criteria will be contacted in due course to further discuss suitability for this role. Candidates that do not meet the essential criteria for this role may be contacted in the future to discuss other roles more suited to their skills and experience, but this cannot be guaranteed due to the high volume of interest that we receive for each position. Sending your CV to us/expressing your interest in a role is only the first step in the process and once you are deemed suitable a consultant will contact you to discuss this role in more detail. No further details of this role or client can/will be released by us prior to having received a copy of your CV. All information will be treated in the strictest of confidence. We only ever submit your application once we have gauged your interest, assessed your suitability and obtained your permission to send your details to our hiring client. Locations listed for each role may/will include commutable areas suitable to the role and company at hand to give as many candidates as possible the opportunity to be considered for each role. We as a company operate under strict 'best practice' policies and procedures governed by the NRF and REC of which we are corporate members. We are an equal opportunities employer and act on behalf of our client as a professional Recruitment Consultancy. We provide a free and confidential service to our candidates. We look forward to working with you as a potential applicant to assist you in finding a suitable position.