Title: Retail Sales Skills Helpful  Sales Trainee  Immediate Start
Webindex: 68672309
Company: Sphinx Solutions
Description: Sales Trainees Needed for Immediate Start  Retail Sales Skills are Helpful Sphinx Solutions is going through a growth spurt with multiple sales trainee openings currently available. No previous sales experience is required as long as you're willing to learn product knowledge and work hard. Experience working with customers is always a plus, so we're happy to hear from people with a background involving: Retail Sales/ Customer Service Hospitality/ Waiting/ Bars/ Restaurants Reception/ Administration/ Hotels Promotions/ Events/ Theatre Growth: We're looking to develop a handful of people from a Sales Trainee spot to a Sales Trainer spot within 48 weeks, so people with Leadership experience are encouraged to apply Chelmsford, Essex is the base of our sales and marketing executions and in developing a phenomenal foundation we will expand into **** new cities within the next 1824 months. About us: As a direct sales and marketing company we specialise in facetoface customer acquisition. The final quarter of the year tends to be our most profitable since one of our primary clients is in the charity fundraising industry. Our clients work with us because we can generate more customers and profit using direct marketing than any other marketing channel. Our office prides itself on our results and we're striving to become top source of new customers for our client before the end of the year. Requirements: In order to register new customers for our clients, you need to be at least 18 years of age and eligible to work in the UK. A strong work ethic and desire to succeed are essential since earnings and growth are based on individual performance. Smart dress and confident communication skills are also recommended since we meet with customers facetoface.  This opening is not based in a retail sales shop, we're interested in people with retail sales experience because we work with customers facetoface.  Location: Chelmsford, Essex (approximately **** mins from Billericay) Hours: Flexible, full time preferred Earnings: 250450 weekly OTE Contact: Rachel: adminsphinxsolutions.co.uk (or through the online application process) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RetailSalesSkillsHelpfulSalesTraineeImmediateStart_job****