Title: Recruitment  Business Development Manager  Trainee
Webindex: 71667590
Company: Globaleye
Description: We are currently recruiting for Business Development Managers for our Recruitment team. As a Business Development Manager you will be responsible for producing/qualifying provided leads of potential recruits, who are interested in moving offshore to join one of the worlds’ largest IFA’s. You will be proactively seeking new candidates and booking appointments for interviews/training sessions. You will receive ‘Investors in People’ accredited training to ensure your career progression matches the amount of effort put in to the role. This is an opportunity to join a fast paced company which is growing rapidly making the career progression possibilities for new starters endless. Benefits of working for Globaleye During your career with Globaleye you can also expect to benefit from: • ****k basic per annum rising to ****k after a completed probation period. • Regular pay reviews. • Uncapped commissions. • Structured training to prepare you for joining our Recruitment team. • The chance to travel. • The chance to begin a career in the industry. • Unlimited opportunities • Industry leading marketing and PR systems. Person Specification: The ideal candidate will have the following attributes: • Confidence and determination to succeed. • A positive mental attitude. • A high level of communication skills – including exceptional phone skills. • The ability to multi task and be able to plan and work efficiently. • Target driven – with a desire to be paid on your success. • Highly motivated to go above and beyond the remit of the job description. • Ability to work to deadlines and remain calm under pressure. • Ability to “think outside the box”. If you are serious about training for a career and believe you have the qualities outlined please click on the apply online button This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/RecruitmentBusinessDevelopmentManagerTrainee_job****