Title: Online Sales / E Commerce Supervisor
Webindex: 69595753
Company: Tucker French Ltd
Description: Online Sales / E Commerce Supervisor Epsom, Surrey Job Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an ECommerce Supervisor to join a fast growing independent plumbing and heating merchants with branches and showrooms across London and the Home Counties. The position is based in Epsom, Surrey and requires an experienced, committed, enthusiastic individual who can deliver a first class service to our customers both over the telephone and by email. Vast experience in eBay and Amazon sales is a must along with excellent administrative and customer service skills. As ECommerce Supervisor your duties will include:  Ensuring correct pricing, artwork, product description, stock allocation and delivery information.  Removing out of stock lines from website and reinstating new stock lines.  Supervision of downloading e commerce consumer orders.  Successful fulfilment of customers' orders from placement to arrival and acceptance at destination.  Responding to customer emails and telephone enquiries regarding product details, stock, payment, order progress and delivery updates in an efficient and confident manner.  Supervising prompt packing and despatch of orders via courier and Royal Mail.  Processing customer returns and refunds.  Processing credit card payments.  Promptly raising sales invoices.  Completion of daily takings sheet.  Shipping of orders on internal company system.  Control and management of stock.  Placing purchase orders with suppliers.  Contacting suppliers for delivery updates by phone and email. An ideal E Commerce Supervisor will also hold the following skills and experience: Ability to use own initiative and be able to work independently. Work well and efficiently under pressure. A working familiarity with Photoshop, but not essential. Ability to, over time, absorb and retain information about the products available and utilise this information when dealing with our customers. Capable of adapting to different tasks on an ad hoc basis; maybe required to assist in other elements of the business such as packing orders. This role is for immediate start and working 40 hours per week (Monday  Friday 8am  5pm). In return you will receive a salary of **** per hour along with profit related bonus. You will also receive 4 weeks paid holiday plus bank/public holidays and the chance to join a pension scheme. Please attach an up to date CV with details of previous customer service and e commerce experience within a business environment. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OnlineSalesECommerceSupervisor_job****