Title: Sales Executive  Fakenham, Norfolk
Webindex: 72460352
Company: Badger Associates Ltd
Description: Our Norfolkbased client has an immediate vacancy for a Sales Executive to work from their Fakenham headquarters. The successful candidate will proactively develop and manage sales to existing and prospective customers around Europe and the UK. This is an exciting role, working with an FMCG product range whose sales are predicted to grow worldwide at an astonishing rate over the next ten years. The Sales Executive will provide excellent customer service to existing clients with the aim of securing repeat orders and proactively generate quality sales leads via data mining, email, inbound and outbound telesales. This will require data mining for lead generation, providing samples and quotations and securing orders for fulfilment. The role is therefore wide ranging and the varied tasks will be both challenging and rewarding in equal measures. Every prospect allocated in your sales area will be contacted and a relationship established and maintained to ensure that consistently high levels of customer care and professionalism are exercised, and that modern sales practices are utilised. You will become a vital and active part of the sales team by attaining a thorough knowledge of all products, marketing material, procedural and operational activities and supporting the management team. Most of the sales are to European clients so it is important that you are able to make yourself available for UK and European client presentations and initiatives. In addition to a proven track record of success in a similar sales environment the successful candidate will be used to achieving targets and working at their best under pressure. You will have a good working understanding of office IT products including Excel, MS word and MS Outlook and excellent time management and organisational abilities as well as excellent written and verbal communication skills. Language skills will, of course, be desirable and should be highlighted in your application. The role has an excellent basic salary with very realistic and achievable on target earnings in excess of **** pa.