Title: Independant Letting Agent  Assistant Property Manager
Webindex: 69993055
Company: AMR   West Midlands
Description: Independant Letting Agent  Assistant Property Manager Our client is an award winning, independant residential lettings company with offices throughout Shropshire. Due to their continued success and expansion they are looking to recruit an assistant property manager for their Birmingham office. The purpose of this job is to help the team successfully arrange the let of residential properties in sufficient quantity to meet agreed performance targets whilst advancing the service standards of the Company. Participating in “front line” activities to secure satisfactory tenant applications, the Lettings Consultant will meet the needs of landlords and prospective tenants by matching suitable applicants to available properties, organising the letting of residential properties. Working as part of a busy team, this involves liaison with other functions in the branch in order to maximise the number of residential properties let whilst, at the same time, maintaining a high standard of Best Practice and compliance with all current law relating to Data Storage and the Residential Lettings Practice. The applicant must be prepared to use the current software system at all times to make business transactions with landlords and to update relevant websites(if required) and marketing media to maximise the promotion of both properties and the business in general. Main Duties and Responsibilities Register all tenant enquiries and contribute to an effective database of customers. Qualify accurately, personal details of applicants. Telephone and introduce all new instructions to all potential tenants. Introduce all available properties to potential tenants and subsequently arrange viewings on these properties. Make every effort to let new properties, properties becoming vacant, price reductions and existing vacant properties. Arrange for viewings with potential tenants. Give marketing updates to landlords as to current progress with the marketing of their property. Follow up all viewings within 24 hours, secure business or identify more suitable properties. All prospective tenants are to be contacted at least once in a seven day period. Identify potential landlords and potential business opportunities. By demonstration of service levels, convert potential landlord enquiries into market appraisals. Deal with Landlord and Tenants in terms of Property Management Make every effort to sell additional services. For more information on this exciting role please contact Chris Oliver on **** **** **** or email your CV to chris.oliveramrgroup.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/IndependantLettingAgentAssistantPropertyManager_job****