Title: Specification Sales Manager, Architectural Lighting
Webindex: 68677006
Company: Aaron Wallis Sales Recruitment
Description: Specification Sales Manager, Architectural Lighting, **** Basic  Car  Bonuses. Established in the UK in **** this US manufacturer of LED Architectural Lighting products offers products which are untouchable in their flexibility of application. Spearheading the sales of the product into the construction industry this is a sophisticated project led sale of an exciting and innovative product. There is no current existing business sold via a specification route so this is a 'blank slate' that is a challenge which requires a proven specification sales professional that is happy to build business 'from scratch'. The products are an energy saving futuristic lighting solutions that either form part of the 'fabric' of a 'stand out' building or part of the interior. Having won awards for innovation in the US the larger projects will be the likes of sporting arenas, theatres, galleries, museums, universities and corporate HQs. Smaller projects could be schools, nightclubs, bars, etc. and these smaller projects will probably be specified via an interior design route. This is a new role where you will be expected to be dynamic in your approach to new ideas and business generation and will be expected to already possess a large portfolio of existing architect contacts in which to introduce the product into. Based upon your success the role could easily lead into a sales management or divisional management role. The company are therefore looking for someone with the eagerness and enthusiasm to drive new business sales in the medium term together with possessing the gravitas and strategic vision for the long term. The role requires an amazing business developer that is a proven specification sales professional with a proven track record of selling lighting products and a database of architect contacts. As the role has huge future potential you will be an ambitious, entrepreneurial individual looking for a ten year plus career move. As a sales professional you will possess the commercial acumen to prioritise potential business and be able to manage the balance between securing new accounts and overseeing the delivery of projects. You will be self managing and able to implement and work to your own sales processes, methodologies and measures to ensure that the business growth targets are met. As the role is tender and project led you will be IT literate with excellent verbal and written communication skills. You will be enthusiastic, well presented, a good CPD technical presenter, a self starter and be a proven business developer within the lighting industry. To apply please call Rob Scott of Aaron Wallis Sales Recruitment on **** **** or alternatively email your CV to robert.scottaaronwallis.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SpecificationSalesManagerArchitecturalLighting_job****