Title: Telesales Supervisor  Asset Finance
Webindex: 68068194
Company: CBC Recruitment Solutions
Description: Telesales Supervisor  Asset Finance Surrey ****k plus excellent bonus benefits package Our client is a highly respected and long established provider of asset finance within the UK. They continue to experience excellent results year on year, and expanded their team considerably in 2012. They are now looking to recruit a Telesales Supervisor to join their head office team in Surrey. You will be responsible for the day to day running of the telesales team, ensuring new sales leads are developed and new business targets set by the Sales Director are met. You will work with the team to ensure relationships are developed to new and existing prospects and customers as well as building strong partnerships with the Regional and Area Sales Manager. The Telesales Supervisor will be involved in the day to day running of the department, which will include managing the ongoing training and development of the team. You will be expected to motivate, train and coach the team to ensure they have the required skills to be successful in their role. Your main priority is to ensure your team generate new business and build on existing business. You will work with the team to ensure they achieve set sales and telephone call targets successfully. The Telesales Supervisor will report directly to the Sales Director and will develop a strong working relationship with the Regional Sales Managers, Area Sales Managers, Operations Manager and administration team. You will have an important role to play in the development of the team and their ability to cope with future business expansion. Successful candidates will be able to demonstrate a proven track record in sales, (ideally from a telesales environment)  and will have existing supervisory or team leader experience. Asset finance or leasing knowledge (or similar) is preferred. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelesalesSupervisorAssetFinance_job****