Title: Sales Consultant  Fire Security
Webindex: 70677398
Company: SMRS LTD  
Description: The Chubb brand is one of the most recognised fire and security brands in the world. From digital CCTV surveillance and intruder alarms to fire detection and suppression systems, we provide a full range of innovative products and services to customers, including most FTSE 100 companies. Chubb, a UTC Climate, Controls Security Systems business, is a truly international, talent driven company focused on performance and results. We employ **** people on a global basis including **** Chubb employees in the UK. We have a big commitment to the continuing development of everyone who works for us and therefore we encourage and strongly support career progression, with opportunities for promotion within our organisation and throughout the wider UTC global group. We are now seeking a proven Electronic Security Sales Specialist to develop security sales across the West Wales and Mid Wales Region (Aberystwyth to Bridgend) You will possess knowledge of information technology networks and a full understanding of the electronic security industry, with specific knowledge of Intruder Alarm Systems, Access Control Systems and/or CCTV Systems. It would also be advantageous if you have previously sold into the Architect, M E Contractor and Main Contractor marketplace You will look to develop both new and existing business both by telephone and field sales visits in order to maximise on revenue potential whilst continually delivering excellent customer service. You will be targeted to meet or exceed install sales and margin revenue targets, recurring revenue sales targets and activity and quotation levels. We are seeking applications from articulate, hardworking and talented new business developers that have a track record of exceeding B2B sales targets whilst also working in an organised manner with the ability to produce sales activity reports to deadlines and to effectively update the internal computerised systems Your sales achievements will be rewarded with a competitive Basic Salary, Motivating Bonus Scheme, Car and Benefits. You should be able to see a route to earning ****  We welcome applications from Sales Engineers, Technical Sales Executives, Business Development Managers, Field Sales Executives, Sales Reps and Sales Consultants who possess a passion for technology and the credibility to develop relationships with knowledgeable electronic security customers. Chubb are an Equal Opportunity Employer Please note that due to the high volume of responses that we receive for opportunities across the UK, we are unfortunately no longer able to respond to each application directly or to provide further individual feedback. We will however contact you should we select you to attend an interview. Should you not receive a reply from us within 4 weeks, please assume that your application on this occasion has proved unsuccessful.