Title: IT Telesales Executive  Lead Generation
Webindex: 68783887
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: IT Telesales Executive  Lead Generation Perivale, Greater London **** Plus Commission Our Client provides professional Managed IT Services and IT Outsourcing solutions to clients from a wide range of backgrounds and of various sizes. They pride themselves on their service levels and expertise and combine these factors to deliver the best possible service to all of their customers. An opportunity has now arisen for an IT Telesales Executive to join their team. This is the ideal role for an IT sales professional looking to develop their career with a leading company offering outstanding solutions to a wide range of industry sectors. As an IT Telesales Executive, you will be responsible for contacting potential customers by telephone and providing an overview of our client's products and services. Reporting to a senior IT telesales executive, you will also arrange meetings for the Field Sales Executives and carry out aspects of market research and after sales service. You will receive and respond appropriately to inbound telephone and email enquiries, as well as perform followup calls in response to requests for information. You will also carry out additional duties related to sales generation campaigns and meet stipulated performance targets. Furthermore, you will be expected to fully leverage our client's experience, knowledge and team resource tools to develop commercially and as an individual. Your other duties will include:  Creating, maintaining and enhancing effective working relationships  Accurately recording and storing information on company systems  Leading and contributing to discussions to solve problems and make decisions To be considered for this role you must have at least two years' sales experience gained within the IT managed services industry. Additionally, as an IT Telesales Executive, you must be a driven individual with a strong work ethic and the ability to perform under pressure. You must also be a team player and demonstrate effective interpersonal and communication skills. To apply for the role of IT Telesales Executive (Lead Generation), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: IT Telesales Executive, Lead Generation, Sales Consultant, Internal Sales Executive, Inside Sales Executive, Sales Representative, Business Development Executive, Telesales Executive, Telesales Advisor, Telemarketing Executive, Outbound Sales Executive, IT Sales, IT Telesales, Managed Services. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITTelesalesExecutiveLeadGeneration_job****