Title: Group Sales Trainer  Midlands / Yorkshire based
Webindex: 69056465
Company: Vertu Motors
Description: You will see from our website and our recent financial results that we are a rapidly becoming one of the Country's leading automotive retailers. We currently operate over **** franchised outlets throughout England and Scotland employing over **** people and have very strong relationships with the manufacturers we represent. We are the 9th largest retail motor group in the UK and will be expanding as we drive our business forward into 2012. We are very well placed in to achieve our growth and performance objectives and are constantly building our capacity to improve the business further. We have a clear vision to become recognised as the most progressive motor retailer and our Mission Statement is To deliver an outstanding customer motoring experience through honesty and trust. We are committed to supporting our colleagues through the provision of continuous training, coaching and development. Our competitive advantage lies in the quality of people we employ and we are intent on building our future on the drive, energy and talent of our colleagues. With that in mind we are selective about who we employ and expect that they drive the business forward passionately and fully in line with our values. Role Responsibilities Your responsibilities will include: Course Delivery: to deliver the complete course of Active Sales Modules to all Sales Executives. Develop Training: to support the Group Sales Training and Development Director with new initiatives, sales training development and content. Manage Course Attendance: to manage delegate nominations, obtain confirmation of attendance all in good time. Be aware of travel expectations and look for best reasonable options within Company expectations. Colleague and Supplier Relationships: create, promote and maintain an open communication with dealership colleaguses and suppliers. Support the training administrator with nonattendance investigations and agree appropriate actions to be taken. Presentation Standards: to maintain the highest possible standards of presentation in relation to colleagues, work area and the department. Policies, Processes and Values: to be a champion of Group policies, processes and values. Supervision: supervise the Group training administrator, ensuring all expectations are reached, timely and as expected. What we`re looking for Due to rapid expansion and a significant investment in our training delivery Vertu Motors are looking for a very experienced, talented Group Sales Trainer to join our dynamic training team. Reporting into the Sales Training and Development Director the successful candidate will have an enviable and proven track record as a sales trainer not necessarily from the motor industry however retail would be advantageous. Although the role is based in either the Midlands or Yorkshire, you will be flexible and able to travel quite extensively. The ideal candidate will be committed to achieving excellence. You will be able to clearly demonstrate your ability to generate impressive results by increasing sales performance, profitability and operating efficiency through training. You must have strong leadership and people management skills as your primary focus is to train new and existing colleagues to deliver their business objectives. You will be expected to drive the business forward and maximise customer satisfaction. You will be able to demonstrate that you share our company values and possess strong leadership, communication and organisational skills. Key Competencies required: Influencing Skills Numeracy IT Literacey Planning and Organising Skills Interpersonal Skills Communication Skills Training, Coaching and Mentoring Skills Customer Service Focus Positive Attitude. What You Can Expect If you are successful you can look forward to ongoing training opportunities, career progression and a range of benefits you would expect from an employer of choice, including a competitive salary, performance related bonus, company car, childcare voucher scheme, colleague purchase scheme, preferential service rates, share incentive plan, vertu rewards and pension scheme. If you are interested in joining the most progressive team in the industry please apply.