Title: Sales Executive, Telecoms Services, Based Scotland, ESP ****
Webindex: 68784752
Company: Enterprise Sales Personnel
Description: This rapidly expanding Global Carrier and Tier One Communications business are consistently strengthening their UK Sales team in Scotland. Their full range of IP, Voice, Data Transport Collaboration solutions are used by a very wide range of midmarket and large FTSE 100 companies. The company culture is very entrepreneurial and they win business against the other carriers due to their ability to respond to the detailed needs of clients very quickly. They have true international presence, having sites in 45 countries. They are currently have a requirement for a new business focused sales person based in the Central Belt to join their rapidly expanding team. The role involves selling their full portfolio of Telecommunications into the Commercial sector in Scotland. It is very important that you are selfsufficient and able to find, identify and close New Business opportunities. In return for your expertise and hardwork you will be rewarded by a great deal of internal Sales Marketing support as well as LeadGeneration. As they are a rapidly expanding group with many divisions, they promote their best talent within the business and there will be future career opportunities for the right person. To be considered for this opportunity you must:  Have sold Communication solutions and Services  Have experience in selling into the Commercial market  Have experience in closing deals at least 100k in size and possibly bigger  Have a proven track record in New Business sales  Exceeded sales target for the last 3 years About Enterprise Sales Personnel Enterprise Sales Personnel is a niche recruitment business operating in the UK marketplace. We recruit for a wide range of bluechip smaller high profile companies whose business is in providing Professional Services, Management Consultancy, Systems Integration and IT Hardware Software. We will treat you with courtesy and dignity and totally respect your need for confidentiality and our Consultants will take time to properly understand your aspirations and your skills Keywords: New Business, Service Management, Systems Management, Collaboration Tools, Applications , Anti virus, Security, Business Intelligence, Account Director, Account Manager, Business Manager, Technology, IT, Infrastructure, Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Manager, BDM, BDC, Business Development Consultant, IT, Complex Solutions, Solution Sales, Software Sales, Enterprise Sales, Operating Systems This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveTelecomsServicesBasedScotlandESP****_job****