Title: National Account Manager  Bakery  Top Grocery Accounts
Webindex: 72451001
Company: Ashford Knight Ltd
Description: National Account Manager  Bakery  Top Grocery Accounts Location: UK The Role: National Account Manager required for highly successful Bakery Product's company. The company produces a range of branded and own label products and is now looking to add to the team with the addition of a new National Account Manager. You will focus on account managing and developing a client base of Top Grocery accounts. You will also play a key role in the overall development and success of the company's performance in the premium retail / National Accounts sector, joining a team where your ideas will be really valued and implemented. Full P L accountability. You will be a very confident and skilled presenter and negotiator. An excellent networker you will have an excellent eye for identifying and creating opportunities in existing clients. You will work on complete projects, right from product innovation / concept to completion, and will have the opportunity to work on some extremely exciting opportunities with high profile clients. Further duties include budgeting / forecasting, product planning and hitting sales targets. You will be highly numerate head for numbers, and have first class communication, negotiation and influencing skills. You will have the support and backup of a highly dedicated, effective and companyfocused team who will support you in all areas to ensure that you have all the support and tools necessary to succeed. Our Client : Award winning, dynamic and highly successful global company. Due to continued success in the market, now looking to strengthen the team with a talented National Account Manager. Requirements: Strong FMCG background. Proven experience as a National Account Manager. Strong experience with Top Grocery clients. Own label experience Excellent relationship builder Commercially astute. Profit minded. Ambitious and forward thinking. Strong work ethic. Package: Basic Salary: ****  **** Benefits: Bonus  Car  expenses PLEASE NOTE: Due to the large volume of applications received we are unable to discuss individual applications. If you have not heard from us within 7 days your application has been unsuccessful. Job Ref: **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalAccountManagerBakeryTopGroceryAccounts_job****