Title: Business Development Manager  FMCG
Webindex: 66887221
Company: Aarca Sales Recruitment
Description: Business Development Manager  FMCG Ref: **** Location: West Midlands/East Midlands/South Midlands THE ROLE: We are assisting in the appointment of a new role, a Business Development Manager to drive new business across a varieties of routes to market. You will be a driven and enthusiastic individual who has a proven track record of gaining new business. This should not be seen as just a job but more a huge opportunity to join a rapidly growing business where your results will be rewarded and you will be given a considerable amount of autonomy to plan and drive new business through researched routes to market. This role will require a tenacious individual who has a background in FMCG (food or nonfood) and is able to develop their own ideas and plan effectively to deliver new business results. THE COMPANY: Our client is one of the fastest growing FMCG businesses within the UK and is a business based on passionate and driven employees where a strong reward package is on offer to all employees. The business has exceeded all growth projections for the last 5 years and their future growth plans are on course to bring about double growth figures by 2015. As a business they import and package goods that sit within the everyday toy and giftware sector, they are a market leader within their niche product category and have more opportunities being presented to them than they can currently manage, hence the fabulous opportunity to join at this current time of high level growth. They enjoy a relatively flat structure that allows strong and consistent support to all employees but also gives individuals the opportunity to drive the business, influence change and strategy and be a major part of the businesses future. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: Must have at least 3 years experience in a new business capacity within FMCG Proven sales track record of building new business and identifying new routes to market Conscientious attitude, able to work autonomously within a supportive environment Passionate and ambitious personality Team player, able to interact well with the different functions of the business Background in indentifying new opportunities and carrying out detailed competitor analysis studies Able to monitor, analyse and report effectively for monthly reporting purposes THE PACKAGE: Basic Salary: ****k base  20% bonus  benefits  car or car allowance To apply please email or call (Apply online only) to discuss further. Aarca are one of the UK s most prestigious sales recruitment agencies. At Aarca we have a large team of consultants based in Birmingham and offer a service that is second to none, due to our large portfolio of clients coupled with a strong emphasis on customer service. Please visit (url removed) or call us on (Apply online only) to talk about furthering your career