Title: Driving Manager / Consultant
Webindex: 71186433
Company: Listen Recruitment
Description: Our client is one of the UK ’s leading employment experts providing solutions to candidates and clients across the public and private sectors on both a temporary and permanent basis. With over 300 offices throughout the UK , they employ over **** people everyday providing staff for over **** clients. Current expansion plans has meant exciting opportunities arising within West and South Yorkshire for an experienced and hands on Manager. The role itself is to move their driving division forward and to provide continued support and development to the team of consultants already in place. Your responsibilities will include ensuring agreed sales targets are achieved, monitoring the consultant’s performance and identifying areas of improvement. You will provide additional training and coaching with new and existing members of staff under your remit. You will hold full financial responsibility for your division and ensure that SLA ’s are adhered to. You will also be required to remain hands on; you will be expected to expand on the already profitable division through proactive sales calls and visits to generate new business. The Person The successful candidate is likely to be an experienced Manager with a good understanding of what is required to develop a happy, productive team and a proven track record of successful team billing. Good product knowledge is a must and existing knowledge of this market would be preferable. Previous experience of management should include identifying training needs, coaching consultants, strategic planning and responsibility for your own Profit and Loss Accounts. You should be hard working with excellent communication and relationshipbuilding skills and the ability to continue to bill whilst ensuring that your consultants develop their own consistency of revenue generation. Management experience would be preferred but successful senior consultants who have the ability to take a step up into management would be duly considered. Career progression is guaranteed into senior posts for those consultants who can demonstrate leading from the front.The commission scheme is the most impressive within the recruitment industry today. Please apply by sending your achievemtnt based CV without delay This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DrivingManagerConsultant_job****