Title: Field Sales Advisor
Webindex: 69168372
Company: Virgin Media
Description: If you’re starting a career in sales, or are looking for a new sales challenge, Virgin Media can give you the chance of uncapped earnings. You might have mountains of experience or no specific sales background at all. What you will have, though, is plenty of enthusiasm, amazing customer service skills, and considerable determination (some might call it stubbornness). You’ll be going door to door in your local area (we’ll give you a company car to make it even easier), telling people about our services. Obviously, it’s not a job for the shy – but it’s also not as frightening is it might sound. After all, you’ll be selling one of the best services out there – including the UK’s fastest broadband and our amazing TiVo box. And if there’s a better boost to your sales career than that, we can’t think of it. So, as well as the confidence to visit people in their own homes and a talent for explaining things persuasively, you should be keen to start a career in sales and willing to work flexible hours (including evenings and weekends). A full clean driving licence, basic computer skills and plenty of selfmotivation will all be essentials too. Key tasks and responsibilities To work door to door selling Virgin Media products and services. To meet individual monthly targets through your field activity by converting appointments and presentations into actual sales. Recognising service enhancement opportunities for all Virgin products and taking appropriate steps to increase revenue through identifying upsell and crosssell opportunities. Handling objections from customers, in order to turn the sale around and influence the customer to buy the product and services. To adhere to all Virgin Media’s policies and procedures, ensuring a quality outcome by meeting all legal requirements and adhering to company procedures. Essential Skills and Experience A desire to work in a target driven sales environment. Willing to work flexible and, where required, extra hours as required (including evenings), by the job and agreed with the Regional Sales Manager. The role is not a standard **** to **** job and may include Saturdays and Sundays. Willing to work anywhere in your specific area as required the role is based outdoors and in customer’s homes. Basic numeracy Good standard of written English This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesAdvisor_job****