Title: Business development/opportunity Part time , Full time from home
Webindex: 72454565
Company: Group Solution
Description: Business Development executives wanted to work part time/ full time/ flexible hours from home. We offer an excellent opportunity of creating a serious second income ( or full time income) without compromising other work commitments. Given the current economic circumstances having your own business from home might be a solution. Home business professionals are creating worthwhile incomes and a secure future for themselves.Today the home business industry is highly organised, wellresourced and highly regulated. It makes a significant contribution to the economy and this is set to increase year by year. Please note, this is not an employed position but the opportunity to run your own business. If you are enthusiastic and willing to learn this could be a solution for you. Earn while you learn, add new skills to those you already have and be part of a dynamic team environment but work from your own home base. This Global company has an unrivalled track record supporting people from all walks of life to gain financial freedom with the security of a substantial income and the time and freedom to enjoy it. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity for you to work under the umbrella, and with the strong support of, a large international, highly successful company in high growth sectors. You will have the added benefit of full training and support provided by a company accredited with Investors in People at Gold Level. We are particularly seeking two key individuals or couples from the Suffolk/Norfolk/Cambs area More Professional people than ever before are starting a self employed business with our business plan. People with backgrounds such as Teachers,Lawyers,Business Development Managers, Doctors, Nurses, Accountants, Financial Directors,Sports Professionals,Senior Sales Managers ,Veterinary Professionals,Consultants ,Nutritionists, Property Developers and many self employed people who are looking to create additional income streams. Please note ' We are not a catalogues through doors type of opportunity Apply for more information with your CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessdevelopmentopportunityParttimeFulltimefromhome_job****