Title: Graduate Sales Trainee – Global Medical Device Manufacturer
Webindex: 69265956
Company: G2 Healthcare Resourcing
Description: Role: To provide a dedicated and professional service within the Medical Device Head Office Sales Team to healthcare professional Full time position based in Wokingham helping generate sales and supporting the sales effort on behalf of field based team covering the United Kingdom and Ireland cluster. Main Responsibilities To liaise with Territory Managers, Regional Managers and marketing team where appropriate to proactively develop and promote sales across GB & Ireland along with a strong sales support function in vacant territories Maintain vacant territories as directed and or specific market segments as directed by National sales Manager e.g. private hospitals, smaller accounts, Geo remote hospitals Review and improve existing processes to order, to ensure effective delivery of franchise requirement and regulatory compliance To support National exhibitions when / where appropriate as directed. To support customer training by field sales visits at designated hospitals. Essential skills •Highly motivated, energetic, target driven individual •Good communicator. •Ability to function at a high level whilst working alone, as well as within a Team environment. •Effective preparation, scheduling and planning •Accurate and urgent followup and pursuit of new business opportunities. •Maintenance and development of product & service knowledge. •Maintenance of appropriate level of Information Technology skills. •Utilisation of the Company’s adopted selling tools (Integrity Selling). •Maintenance of the Key Opinion Leader database through effective reporting. •Operation within agreed budgets. Preferred skills •Sales experience •Medical experience •Knowledge of the MD&D industry •Knowledge of the NHS working environment Key competencies: Results and Performance driven Eagerly accepts stretch goals and challenges others to make customer central to all thinking. Sense of Urgency Demonstrates a clear bias for action on priorities & persists in the face of obstacles or challenges. Collaboration & Teaming Builds strong productive relationships inside and outside of the team .Demonstrates the ability to work with teams and individuals. Asserts personal ideas and opinions using persuasion to influence others. For further details and to apply please contact G**** Healthcare Resourcing [blocked] or apply online