Title: Field Sales Representative  print, online and digital media
Webindex: 72449743
Company: Ad Lib
Description: We`re looking for a very consultative Field Sales Representative to join a leading media organisation to sell their portfolio of media and advertising solutions into SME`s across Farnborough, Guildford, Basingstoke, and Reading. Working in a fast paced environment, you`ll be managing a raft of existing accounts and prospecting for new business to grow your territory further. Spending a day per week in the office and the rest on the road, you should be very comfortable in front of clients, building rapport from minute one with your clients and offering the full range of media solutions. You`ll be responsible for your own portfolio, planning your week to include the renewal of accounts and also spending plenty of time hunting for new business. With a media portfolio that covers online, digital and print, you`ll be able to offer the most cutting edge strategies to your clients, ensuring that they`re receiving the best ROI and value for money. We`d love it if you came from a media sales or advertising sales background and came with a black book of SME`s to add to your client portfolio, however this isn`t important. What is important is that you possess a very consultative sales approach and can demonstrate a long track record of success in selling solutions to SME`s. You should be a naturally hungry sales person, driven by exceeding targets, providing bestinclass service and earning commission. Always striving for the best, you`ll have every opportunity to develop yourself personally and professionally with a market leading organisation. It should also go without saying that as this is a field sales role you should possess a full, valid UK driving license. The basic salary for this great position is up to ****k, the commission is entirely open ended and comes with a company car, laptop and mobile phone. So if you want to take your consultative sales approach to a business where success is rewarded, the leadership is inspirational, and the career potential is unlimited then send us your CV today. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesRepresentativeprintonlineanddigitalmedia_job****