Title: Trainee Sales Assistant/ Sales Advisor  Security
Webindex: 69669540
Company: Red Five
Description: Sales Marketing  Security/Alarm Systems Our Client is the world s largest provider of electronic security. Our technically advanced products remain the leader in the security industry world wide, serving more than 6 million homes and protecting 90% of Fortune **** Companies in the US and has launch a campaign to increase their residential customer base within the UK giving Red Five the opportunity to expand across all major UK cities. We have proven our commitment to superior service for our customers that matches our commitment to our representatives. Full product and client training provided.  Sell products to Custom Home Services Accounts within an assigned territory, maintaining assigned sales quota and following established guidelines.  Identify prospects utilising creative lead generating techniques.  Utilise the marketing promoter network to maximise self generation lead and sale contribution.  Deliver the Custom version Model Sales Call presentation to prospects, identifying positive features and advantages of our products and services over those of the competition; propose a solution.  Adhere to current policies, procedures, products, programs and services.  Follow up with all prospects and ensure that the customer experience is of the highest quality.  Prepare final agreements for signatures.  Process work orders and complete all related paperwork in accordance with approved and standardised procedures.  On the day of installation, complete meeting with Client technicians and conduct customer visits.  Conduct post installation followup activities by contacting customer and ensuring commitments were met and obtaining referrals.  Maintain customer retention by affirming customer satisfaction after customer has completed both 6 and 12 months of service.  Participate in regular ridealongs and weekly meetings with Sales Manager, providing frequent updates.  Will interact with all levels  from executives to installers  while engaged in problem solving and handling situations that require conflict resolution. Requirements:  Must possess strong communication, negotiating, and time management skills  Aptitude for problem solving; ability to determine solutions for customers (consultative sales approach); customer focused  Professional business image  Ability to work a full time schedule  Available for local travel, nights and weekends to accommodate the customers agenda Applicants must be over **** as they will be signing contracts on behalf of our clients; working self employed, with commissions accumulated on a daily basis, which are rewarded only on completed sales. Interview details: Successful applicants will receive a phone call from our resourcing team to arrange an initial interview where we will g through your CV, talk about your goals and ambitions, discovering what makes you right for the opening. You will also learn more about the company history, growth plans, client portfolio and openings. Candidates selected for meeting will be asked to dress smart and bring a printed CV. Since we represent clients to the public, we may ask you to spend a full day in the field with an experienced representative before an agreement is reached. This is still considered part of the interview process and no claims for compensation will be accepted. This day is helpful in determining if the opening is suitable for you