Title: Field Sales Representative / Field Sales / Field Sales Executive / Dir
Webindex: 71166798
Company: Everest
Description: Field Sales Representative / Field Sales / Field Sales Executive / Direct Sales / Sales Everest has been established since **** making us one of the longest standing Home Improvement Companies in the UK . Due to the success of our brand and continued product range development here at Everest, we experience fantastic levels of consumer demand resulting in expansion of our Field Sales Force across the country. Continuous financial investment and marketing strategy is keeping Everest at the forefront of the industry? You may have already seen our Television Advertising Campaign featuring Craig Doyle which is being shown regularly across TV channels; more is planned this year, which will support our Brand, impacting on our need to recruit people now in the roles of Field Sales Executive, Conservatory Specialists, Kitchen Designers and Area Sales Agents. We set the highest standards in the industry and with the most comprehensive product range which includes: Windows and Doors in Aluminium, PVCu, and Timber (Industry first 'A rated' glass on all products as standard) Conservatories and Orangery's a variety of styles and materials Roofline Products  Fascia, Soffit and Guttering Flat Roofs and stateoftheart Garage Doors BlockPave Driveways and Patios Wireless Home Security Systems Kitchens You, as a Field Sales Executive, Area Sales Agent for Everest or Kitchen Designer will have the utmost confidence in our products and service. It's not just our customers who know we are the best; we are recognised within the industry and by the British Standards Institute, and this constantly generates business for our Sales Representatives. The greatest prospect about joining Everest is that no previous sales experience is required; we recruit people from all walks of life  we know you can be successful with us You may be considering a change in career, or direction, a different lifestyle or simply wish to increase your earnings potential. Whatever the reason, Everest offers you a wealth of exciting opportunities. Full training is provided at Everest to give you the sales skills necessary to enable you to succeed and become a part of our established Sales Force. You will always have the regular support of our Sales Management Structure and we offer further programmes designed to help you maximise your earnings potential. You Must Have: Your own car Effective communication skills Permission to work within the UK A desire to work hard for the rewards we offer If you meet all this criteria we would like to meet you. So please apply online today In Return We Offer: Realistic OTE of ****k in your first 12 months, although our best newstarters earn ****k Incentives and awards (Trips, Cars etc) Ongoing Support and Development A market leading range of products  Kitchen designers are not currently required for the Scottish regions This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/FieldSalesRepresentativeFieldSalesFieldSalesExecutiveDir_job****