Title: Partner Business Manager/ Sales Consultants
Webindex: 71188609
Company: I Resourcer
Description: Job Role: Property Horizons are a highly successful property investment company based in Milton Keynes. Due to the rapid expansion of the company, we are looking for motivated and successful candidates to create long lasting B2B relationships with property investment brokers, financial advisers and agents in the UK and worldwide to offer Property horizons unique property investments. We will provide the chosen candidate with the following opportunities: A very competitive remuneration package OTE in year **** will be **** but successful applicants could easily achieve a high five figure income opportunity to earn uncapped earnings Opportunity to work in an open working environment where all team members feedback is appreciated .Opportunity to be part of a dynamic global property company with progression opportunities into senior management. The successful candidate will have proven sale skills, possess an assertive yet persuasive style with a proven track record of closing sales and recruiting sales generating B2B and B2C partnerships. The role requires you to work well as part of a team and capable of leading by example. If you are ready for the challenge, the work and the rewards, and you think you can really add value to the business and our clients then please email your CV and a covering letter immediately and become part of the winning team Email directly to: melvin `` propertyhorizons.co.uk Essential Criteria: Experience of working in the property investment/buytolet market is a prerequisite and it would be very useful having a buytolet portfolio already. Experienced sales background with proven track record in the overseas property markets, Good presentation and reporting skills, both verbally visually. Excellent negotiation skills and understanding of basic legal contracts and sales agreements. Willingness to work outside normal office hours and occasionally weekends .Very client and partner aware, sharp business brain and the ability to see the bigger picture. Confident, articulate, selfstarter highly organised, hardworking, ability to multitask in changing market conditions. About the Company: Property Horizons are one of the UKs leading property and investment companies offering a range of high income and lucrative investment opportunities to their client base around the world. Bucking the current trend we are growing rapidly as a business and are therefore looking for successful people to join our growing company as a valued team member. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PartnerBusinessManagerSalesConsultants_job****