Title: Outbound Sales / Telesales Advisor
Webindex: 66885972
Company: eRecruit Solutions
Description: An Outbound Sales / Telesales Advisor is sought to join this busy call centre in Glasgow, to promote a portfolio of products and services. It s an exciting place to work, offering excellent earning potential and fantastic benefits They are now looking for an experienced Outbound Sales / Telesales Advisor, with a target driven, dynamic and customer focussed attitude to join their team. Outbound Sales / Telesales Advisor Glasgow **** annual bonus. OTE **** Generous bonus, pension contribution, free life insurance, subsidised gym membership, various funded social events The ideal Outbound Sales / Telesales Advisor will possess:  Proven sales or call centre experience (experience in the financial sector would be advantageous but is not essential)  A target driven, dynamic approach  Excellent communication skills  Working knowledge of Excel  Great customer focus  The ability to work under their own initiative To succeed in this role as an Outbound Sales / Telesales Advisor you will be expected to vary your daily activities between outbound sales and appointment setting. You will contact new and established clients and assist customers with information required to make a buying decision. The successful Outbound Sales / Telesales Advisor can look forward to being part of a friendly and encouraging team and fantastic career prospects. Please click to apply now for this role as an Outbound Sales / Telesales Advisor If the details shown on your CV match our client s requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. eRecruit Solutions is a flat fee online recruitment company, who actively recruit for the following roles: Call Centre Sales Advisor, Outbound Telesales Executive, Outbound Sales Advisors, Customer Service, Telesales Advisors, Contact Centre, Outbound Sales Consultant, Telesales, Outbound Sales Representative, Call Centre, Sales Executive, Contact Centre in Glasgow. Ref: GGC****C