Title: Internal Sales, IT Industry, Cardiff
Webindex: 68256006
Description: Sales Executive, Software, Cardiff, Wales. Up to **** Basic, **** OTE (Uncapped) plus additional benefits. Fantastic opportunity within a niche leading technology company that is ideal for a proven successful telesales professional or perhaps a recruiter that's looking to get out of the recruitment industry. This leading market intelligence software provider sells a range of products that enable companies to uncover sales leads, track and analyse competitor activity and quickly and accurately research target clients. Established 6 years they have worked hard to become the market leader in their niche and have reinvested into to the business to ensure their technology leaves all competitors by the wayside. The solution is normally offered on a trial basis and your role will be to 'hand hold' new clients through the trial to ensure that they utilise it effectively. With effective training and support it quickly becomes part of their normal sales activity and becomes a 'must have' for them to become more efficient and profitable. Targeting senior level sales managers and directors the role is a combination of research, telesales, web demonstrations, training and converting enquiries into trials and trials into rolling contracts. To apply you will be an impeccably presented, dynamic, articulate, success oriented professional with a proven career of over achievement. You will be used to selling concepts at a senior level and some experience of face to face sales would be beneficial. To succeed you will be bright, customer service oriented and proactive with a natural rapport building sales approach. You will be a tenacious sales professional that always puts the customer first and posses the adaptability and commercial acumen to secure deals that are right for all parties. You will be a strong character that has an intrinsic hunger to achieve and the sales 'savvy' to regularly overcome quite complex objections. The sales is actually a 'no brainer' as the software is proven to significantly increase sales efficiency and in turn increase sales. The environment is fun yet professional and you will be part of a lively sales team that is focused and enthusiastic. In return you will receive a competitive basic salary, high ontargetearnings that are uncapped, generous holiday (plus statutory bank holidays) and an exceptional teamworking environment. To apply email robert.scottaaronwallis.co.uk or call Rob Scott at Aaron Wallis on **** ****