Title: Senior Sales Consultants  Why not?
Webindex: 69038653
Company: Practicus Ltd
Description: What would your closest friends or family say (or more likely think) about you? 'You were hilarious last night I can't believe you actually ' 'You have always been the ambitious one out of us.' 'Oh you're a sweetheart, you didn't have to do that.' 'You are like a dog with bone sometimes, aren't you?' 'I tell you what  you could sell snow to Eskimos.' 'I really appreciate the advice mate, thanks.' 'Well if anyone can  you can.' 'Stop being so bloody competitive  not everything is a competition you know' 'I have to take my hat to you honey  you said you were going to do it. And you did.' 'You are like a pin ball sometimes, you are allowed to slow down you know.' 'Oh brilliant, I knew you would make it Great to see you' If you read these statements and say 'Yeah Actually they would say or think that about me.' then you should get in contact. This is a snapshot of what awaits you: A culture to die for A business that genuinely lives and breathes its values A Guaranteed Salary to cover what you need to earn now and to also give you the time to build your market  you don't have to take a pay cut to move Industryleading commission Benefits (Pension, Health Plan, Life Assurance, Dental, Birthday day off, Charity day's off, Childcare Vouchers etc) Incentives (**** Star trips, Quarterly incentives, Quarterly Michelin Star Lunch Clubs, Supercars for a year etc ) Continuous Training to support your personal development Career Progression  UK and abroad Due to continued global expansion and growth, we are currently recruiting for Senior Sales Consultants within our Bristol office. You don't need recruitment experience  we will provide you with an industry leading training programme . What we need you to have is the following: Excellent relationship building skills  both over the phone and face to face Demonstrable track record of sales success Passion for delivery and customer service Attitude and desire to set and achieve goals Desire to have fun About Practicus Practicus is an Outcome Delivery Partner that specialises in the practical delivery of business and technology and HR change. Practicus was ranked 13th  Sunday Times Best Company (SME) to work for and been in the Virgin Fast Track **** (SME) for **** consecutive years. If this opportunity is of interest to you, and you feel you have the necessary skill and experience, please send your CV.