Title: Business Sales Development Manager
Webindex: 66887531
Company: Fixed Recruitment Ltd
Description: Due to our clients recent success we are looking for further Business Development Managers for consultative sales of our online marketing software. Key role and responsibilities; You will proactively generating revenue from new business activity to consistently achieve your targets. You will consultatively build relationships with new prospects with a large focus on their digital marketing needs/pains. You will be responsible for building and managing a pipeline of opportunities and forecasting accurately. You will need to develop a high level of industry knowledge. Minimum requirements; Essential: Have recent successful new business sales experience, ability to discuss key achievements. Have a proven track record of successfully creating opportunities, closing business A consultative, intelligent selling style and strong rapport building skills. Desirable: Software, technical or professional services sales a definite advantage. Experience in the digital marketing space. Person specification; Must be driven, selfmotivated and organised. You will be Selfaware, confident and determined. Must be excellent at listening, questioning, and responding to gained information. Passionate about learning more and improving your sales skills. Are you fast paced, ambitious and driven to achieve results? If you feel you have the necessary skills and experience listed above for this Business Development Manager role then we would love to hear from you. Please send us your CV by clicking apply now for the chance of an early interview Our client specialises in helping organisations get the best results from their digital marketing. their client list includes many wellknown brands, like the Financial Times, Amnesty International, Seatwave and innocent drinks. After growing their new business by 40% this year, as well as last year, they are now on track to double in size in the next 2 years. You ll get to work in an ambitious, driven and proactive team at our Brighton city centre offices. In return for your skills we will offer the successful candidate a basic salary of up to **** (depending on experience) and company benefits that include: Subsidised Gym Membership, 22 days holidays (plus bank holidays) and childcare vouchers