Title: General Manager – Books Botswana
Webindex: 71185585
Company: JS Group
Description: It’s your business. So build it around your vision. Contract: Permanent role or threeyear renewable fixed term contract You’re a proven retail or business manager with exceptional leadership skills. You combine tenacious commercial drive with real creative flair. Now enjoy the autonomy you need to build success around your own vision. Welcome to Books Botswana – part of the JS Group. A genuinely entrepreneurial, dynamic and growing business, we are a leading academic retailer based on university campuses. We’re much more than a bookseller though. We work in partnership with universities and HE establishments to deliver the very best outcomes to both students and Institutions. This is much more than your average management role too. You will be in complete control of this thriving retail outlet. You bring your ideas, fresh thinking and innovations to develop your business and drive growth. You don’t just lead your team – you inspire, support and involve them at every opportunity. You harness their passion and energy to achieve outstanding results. All the time, you’ll keep a sharp focus on exceeding sales targets and delivering customer service excellence as you deliver product and marketing plans, coordinate the production of quotations and tenders strategy and build a strong working relationship with all your customers. A proven track record of delivering excellent commercial results is a must, along with a positive attitude to change. Strong analytical, communication and presentation skills are also important, plus a teamfocused approach and the ability to manage P L. Last but definitely not least, you should have the courage to challenge people’s thinking  as well as your own. In return, we’re offering a superb benefits package including accommodation allowance, company vehicle, private health care, life assurance, relocation expenses and flights to the UK for you and your family. If you believe you have the skills and experience to undertake this role and would like to apply for this exciting opportunity, please send an uptodate CV together with a covering letter, setting out the reasons why you are applying for this role along with details of your current salary and where you heard of this vacancy by clicking the ‘Apply’ button. Applications should include the job reference 'GM Books Botswana' in the subject box. To find out more about us, and to view the full job description visit our website www.johnsmithgroup.co.uk The deadline for applications is Sunday 24th February 2013. Please note that applications received after this date and applications without a covering letter will not be considered. If you have not heard from us within two weeks of the closing date you should assume that you have not been successful on this occasion. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GeneralManagerBooksBotswana_job****