Title: Field Sales Executive – Copiers, Print Document Solutions, MFD`s
Webindex: 64032842
Company: Stratec
Description: Field Sales Executive Copiers, Print Document Solutions, MFD`s **** circa  high uncapped commission, car or allowance We are currently looking for an industry experienced Field Sales Consultant from within the MultiFunctional Devices  Print Document Solutions  Capital Equipment Photocopier, etc. sector for New Business sales territories. There are currently roles available in Central Scotland, Birmingham also Manchester We can only accept applications from sales candidates who already have proven experience in selling these products with a competitor company within the industry. Along with your basic salary and high commission earnings, you will also receive a company car or allowance, mobile phone, expenses, etc. You must be a highly selfmotivated, targetdriven moneyhungry individual, a solution led sales person who does not rely on price to sell, and have a proven track record of consistently exceeding sales targets. You must be commercially astute and have excellent communication skills at all levels. Core responsibilities  Lead generation and sourcing potential new business  Developing relationships with potential customers  Providing product information and pricing to new business prospects  Arranging and attending sales meetings for new business  Achieve all set sales targets KPI`s set through selfgeneration and given sales leads.  To sell the full range of company portfolio products  multifunctional devices and software solutions  to new business prospects in a given sales territory. If you meet our noted requirements for this role and would like to apply, please do so through the link provided. Alternatively, you can also send this to brianstratecbusiness.co.uk . A well written detailed CV along with a nongeneric covering letter specific to this vacancy will add significant weight to your application. Please note that due to time restrictions and the very specific client requirements for this role, only the most suitable of applicants will be contacted for this position. Candidates selected will also be subject to reference and dates of employment confirmation check from the very start of the process. Stratec is and operates as a recruitment agency in providing permanent jobseeking services, and as a recruitment business in providing temporary and contract jobseeking services. We primarily specialise in providing Sales Recruitment services for all businesscritical Internal (Telesales) External (Field Sales) sales positions across the UK. We source candidates with a proven track record of sales achievement, and work with clients that can deliver on candidate expectations. We are also proven and experienced in providing a valuable recruitment service in other sectors such as: Technical Engineering, IT, and Commercial / Office Support.