Title: Export Hire and Sales Manager  Scaffolding
Webindex: 68806131
Company: Aegis Media LTD  
Description: Export Hire and Sales Manager  Scaffolding Role: Export Hire and Sales Manager  Scaffolding Location: International in its remit Salary: ****  **** basic,  profit share bonus, healthcare, pension, laptop/mobile, car. Future career prospects and potential and annual salary review. : My client is a leading player in the scaffolding hire and sales sector and prides itself on its professionalism and has a reputation for outstanding service and value, engineered access solutions. A decision has been made to expand the business overseas and as a result there is a need to recruit an Export Sales Manager to spearhead this expansion. The role reports directly into the UK board and offers future development potential. The Export Sales Manager will as the title suggests have the objective of developing sales internationally from what will be a completely new market venture, meaning new business development is critical. Nonetheless, the role will have the support and resources to back this up from an already established market leading scaffolding business in the UK. Candidate Scaffolding Hire and Sales  Export: You will need at least 4 years experience from a related scaffolding hire and sales background, although someone from a different hire and sales background would be considered. It is absolutely essential that the successful candidate has readymade contacts at a senior level internationally. As the role is to grow a new market, someone who is unafraid of new business is required. It is absolutely essential that the successful candidate has worked in an export/international capacity before and as such, a candidate who has language skills will be at an advantage. If you would like to be considered for this position, please forward your current CV with a covering letter at your earliest convenience to shaun.muirblackrockexecutive.co.uk, stating your suitability for the role.