Title: Desk Based Sales Executive
Webindex: 68099132
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: Due to continued expansion our client is now seeking an Internal Sales Executive at their European head office. This is an entry level position that will be aligned with the European sales team and will support the growth of their customer base through lead generation campaigns. This will include following up on various marketing generated leads as well as direct dial campaigns. Your primary objective will be to provide a consistent stream of leads to the sales team. Based upon your success and achievement, there will be a career path in place to progress into the European sales team. This is a fantastic time to be joining an established and high growth international software business as it prepares to go through its next stage of growth following recent and significant investment f A passion for technology? Good communicator? A self starter motivated by the opportunity to progress their sales career quickly from an entry level role? Read on Skills Experience Required:  Internal sales/telemarketing/lead generation experience in technology solutions or other business to business environments  Excellent telephone and presentation skills  Strong organisation and time management skills, with the ability to prioritise work load  Team player and results orientated  European languages not required, but are an advantage Our client is a leading provider of Data centre Automation, Security and Business Intelligence software solutions. The goal of their business is to help clients automate their processes, improve access to valuable business information and strengthen security and compliance procedures. They achieve this by providing a range of flexible software solutions that scale easily to meet their clients demands. Headquarter in America and with offices in Europe and APAC,they have been providing software solutions to an enviable client list for many years and are now seeking to further develop their UK market share. Excellent base salary, commission plus other benefits Superb stepping stone role for an aspiring IT sales professional Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeskBasedSalesExecutive_job****