Title: Distributor / Export Sales Manager – Automotive Aftermarket
Webindex: 69552507
Description: Distributor / Export Sales Manager Automotive Aftermarket ****  ****K  OTE uncapped  Car Allowance WORKING FROM HOME Our Client is seeking to develop their export markets and to build a Distributor Network in a numberof European countries (e.g. Lithuania, Estonia, Russia, Germany, Belgium, Norway, Italy, Spain, Austria, Slovenia, etc.) This expanding and innovative supplier to the Automotive Aftermarket are suppliers of tools and components that assist garages to improve profitability and serve their clients better. The role requires the recruitment of Distributors who can sell direct to end users, (ie Garages). Their USP works best in developed countries. You will be joining a company which has grown steadily over its **** year history and is continuing to expand despite the current recession. They pride themselves in building lasting relationships with their clients, offering a fast, efficient service to supply a compact range of auto parts with a broad market coverage. Ideally UK based, but not necessarily, with occasional travel to target countries. Primarily utilising the internet and electronic communication. Attendance at Trade shows. Strong sales and negotiation skills Excellent written / verbal communication skills Providing input to help develop web presence for international markets Develop web links to improve ranking in search engines Fluency in another European language would be preferred. It will be a targeted role based on turnover, new Distributors secured and new product sales growth. This role will suit someone with high levels of energy and ambition, who is extremely selfmotivated and is capable of working with a degree of autonomy. You MUST be able to demonstrate a proven track record of developing B2B sales through distributors in overseas markets. In addition to regular reporting activities, you will also provide accurate forecasting of business opportunities, monitor market behaviours and trends and adapt strategies where required. This is an excellent opportunity, which provides a fresh and challenging environment in a market that has a huge potential. WHEN APPLYING FOR THIS ROLE PLEASE SEND A PARAGRAPH TO SELL YOURSELF INTO SUCH AROLE.