Title: Regional Sales Manager  Oil Gas
Webindex: 67947081
Company: SMRS LTD  
Description: Chubb, a division of United Technologies Corporation, which is a truly international, talent driven company focused on performance and results, is currently recruiting on behalf of a fellow UTC company; Autronica Fire and Security. Autronica Fire and Security, headquartered in Trondheim, Norway is a leading innovator, manufacturer and supplier of fire safety equipment with a company strategy of protecting life, environment and property by satisfying customer needs for detection, notification and suppression of fires. One of the key focuses is to provide a comprehensive, standards compliant solution for the Petrochemical, Oil and Gas industry. This has resulted in delivering cutting edge technology including the SIL****approved AutroSafe Integrated Fire and Gas Detection System with the best detection technologies for fire and gas. We now seek to recruit a talented Regional Sales Manager  UK and Ireland to deliver sales of Autronica Fire and Security`s fire and gas detection systems/ products across the region within the Oil and Gas industry. This will be achieved by developing sales opportunities with new customers and by generating increased revenue with existing distributors/ partners whilst also appointing new productive contractual relationships. You will be a proven international Sales Marketing Professional with extensive knowledge of the Petrochemical, Oil and Gas sector and a flair for commercial analysis. You will also be a confident presenter with the ability to engage others and deliver results through individual and team performance. Ideally you will possess experience of the Fire Safety Industry and in all circumstances you must be committed to Best Practice, solid standard working processes, continuous improvement and behave as a UTC ethical leader. Key responsibilities within this high profile role will include achieving the marketing plan and strategy including budgets and results monitoring, undertaking sales activities such as seminars, exhibitions and sales campaigns in close cooperation with Distributors, maximising profit through cost control and efficient customer negotiations, developing tender opportunities, establishing new potential partners from identification to contract negotiation through to ongoing relationship management, identifying market demands in order to influence product development and developing excellent working relationships with other Regional Sales Managers, EPC`s and engineering companies who are involved with onshore and offshore Petrochemical, Oil and Gas M E projects within this region. We welcome applications from O G experienced Regional Sales Managers, Business Development Managers, National Sales Managers, Major Account Managers, Channel Managers, Area Sales Directors, Head of Sales and Product Managers who live within London or the Home Counties and who are driven to achieving results and developing a career within UTC. UTC is an Equal Opportunity Employer Please note that due to the high volume of responses that we receive for opportunities across the UK, we are unfortunately no longer able to respond to each application directly or to provide further individual feedback. We will however contact you should we select you to attend an interview. Should you not receive a reply from us within 4 weeks, please assume that your application on this occasion has proved unsuccessful.