Title: Sales / Operations Manager
Webindex: 68806201
Company: BSC Sales Specialist Ltd
Description: Sales / Operations Manager Distribution co. North Manchester location ****k****k Basic  OTE  Profit Share and more Our client are highly established and reputable distribution company currently seeking an experienced Sales and Operations Manager to take full responsibility for the North West operation. The role: This is an exciting opportunity for the right candidate looking to take full responsibility for this companies North West office consisting of: Warehousing staff, a Sales team (internal and external), Administration and Office Managers, Drivers, Purchasing, Marketing and more. Fully accountable for the profitability of the business, ensuring existing systems and processes are optimised and new methodologies are implemented to drive the business forward. All applicants are required to possess the following experience:  Proven experience as a Sales Manager where you have had direct responsibility for a team of both internal and external sales executives in one of the following market sectors: Stationary / Print / Paper / Metals / Building Supplies / Logistics (or similar).  Must be highly commercial with a proven ability to initiate effective business strategies and processes to maximise profit and achieve team and company objectives.  This company has a relatively flat management structure as such it is essential the appointed applicant can not only manage a sales team but is also capable of managing and motivating a wide range of direct reports from warehousing to sales, marketing, delivery and more.  An excellent opportunity to run this business as if it were your own  responsibility with significant rewards for success. To be considered for this opportunity please send your CV to infobscrecruitment.com highlighting all relevant skills and experience quoting reference code **** Please note all applications are confidential, only once the role has been discussed in depth and we have obtained your permission to submit a formal application will your CV be sent to our client. BSC Sales Specialists are a recruitment agency working in line with the requirements of our clients, the aforementioned criteria is essential as such only those we feel fit the brief will be contacted. Thank you in advance for your interest