Title: Media Sales Executive  Online Solution
Webindex: 70006798
Company: MEDIA STEPS
Description: Media Sales Executive  Online Solution ****K OTE ****K uncapped, large media owner, expanding their current teams due to growth. Our client is recognised household name in the media world. They have built a group of exciting job boards to serve various market sectors. They are looking to recruit a Media Sales Executive to work on one of their top sites and sell online advertising solutions. You would be working under the guidance of a highly experienced manager and will have the chance to develop a long term career path within this growing business. The role is to focus on new business revenue generation contacting companies directly or agencies. You will need to be a new business hunter and have great drive and ambition. The sales process is telephone based but as your accounts grow there will be more account management and possible face to face sales. The organisation possesses a good reputation in the market and offers the chance for successful candidates to grow within their business. Successful applicants should be able to demonstrate competency in the below key areas, it is not essential to meet all requirements but priority will be given to applications that satisfy most: Have successfully sold in a media sales environment or worked within a recruitment agency. Telephone sales experience including negotiation and pitching. Sold in a B2B capacity. Evidence of achieving / over achieving targets team and personal. Team player. Understanding of sales process. Self starter with a positive attitude. Ability to priorities leads and maximise revenue generation via sales pipeline control. Build client relationships in the short and long term. Please apply now to find out more information about this exciting Media Sales Executive (Online) role. Media Steps Consulting is a leading media sales recruitment partner acting on behalf of our clients who operate in mainly in B2B media sales businesses covering: sponsorship, delegate, exhibition, print, digital, online and information sales