Title: Business Sales Development Managers
Webindex: 72444799
Company: Fixed Recruitment
Description: Business Development Managers  Brighton our client specialises in helping organisations get the best results from their digital marketing. their client list includes many wellknown brands, like the Financial Times, Amnesty International, Seatwave and innocent drinks. After growing their new business by 40% this year, as well as last year, they are now on track to double in size in the next 2 years. You'll get to work in an ambitious, driven and proactive team at our Brighton city centre offices. Due to our clients recent success we are looking for further Business Development Managers for consultative sales of our online marketing software. Are you fast paced, ambitious and driven to achieve results? In our clients Business Development teams they can offer you great earning potential, fast tracked career progression and a fantastic product that can achieve prospects significant ROI. With an uncapped and generous commission scheme, our clients top sales people triple their basic salary in commissions: They have people earning ****K a month, and their highest commission rate is 25%. Key Responsibilities Include: • The Business Development Managers proactively generating revenue from new business activity to consistently achieve your targets The Business Development Managers will consultatively build relationships with new prospects with a large focus on their digital marketing needs/pains. • The Business Development Managers will be responsible for building and managing a pipeline of opportunities and forecasting accurately • Developing a high level of industry knowledge Skills Experience Essential: • The Business Development Managers will have recent successful new business sales experience, ability to discuss key achievements. • The successful Business Development Manager will have a proven track record of successfully creating opportunities, closing business exceeding targets • A consultative, intelligent selling style and strong rapport building skills Desirable: • Software, technical or professional services sales a definite advantage • Experience in the digital marketing space Person specification • The Business Development Manager driven, selfmotivated and organised • The ideal Business Development Manager will be Selfaware, confident and determined • Excellent at listening, questioning, and responding to gained information • Passionate about learning more and improving your sales skills If you feel you have the necessary skills and experience listed above then we would love to hear from you. In return for your skills we will offer the successful candidate a basic salary of up to **** Depending On Experience and company benefits that include: Subsidised Gym Membership, 22 days holidays (plus bank holidays) and childcare vouchers. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a rapidly expanding business that can offer serious financial rewards and job satisfaction. Dont Miss This One Apply Below Today for the chance of an early interview This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessSalesDevelopmentManagers_job****