Title: Technical Field Sales Executive
Webindex: 72381404
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Technical Field Sales Executive Only requirement  top sales performance and ability (construction sales experience ideal but NOT essential). Package  ****k  car  bonus (5k)  uncapped commission, international profit share, OTE year 100k . This commercial construction leader is offering a challenging and exciting opportunity. You must be able to prove and demonstrate your ability clearly with a clear motivation as to why you wish to succeed. A strong character is essential with the ability to consistently and relentlessly strive to achieve desired outcomes. In return you'll gain a life changing career with the ability to earn well in to six figures. They're a tight knit sales team nationally and you will be working with exceptional colleagues. Requirements experience/skills  My client are looking for the top 5 percentile of sales people in their specific area  ideally construction/engineering.  Direct sales experience, ideally 5 years plus in a targeted field based role  Solution selling to small, medium and large sized organisations  Experience of the full sales cycle  Highly motivated, excellent work ethic, high activity  Stable employment history, having consistently exceeded target essential  Ability to work autonomously Client information  A leading manufacturer and distributor of highperformance solutions for commercial, industrial, and public properties.  Innovative products and facility management solutions have beenextending the life cycle of buildings for over a century.  Company over 100 years old  World leader in it field  Highly consultative solution based sale  Clients will include public and private sector  UK sales force extremely successful  OTE unlimited  Company has shown consistent year on year growth  Industry experience not necessary  all my client want is a proven top performing sales person who has shown success and hard work. Responsibilities  Sales varied and complex solutions to private and public organisations  small, medium and large.  Generating appointments, site and client visits, presenting, drawing up quotations and closing deals. Prospects  Full training will be offered and you will be fully supported throughout yourcareer.  This is an excellent opportunity with a company who will offer a long term, prosperous career. For any enquiries contact Ryan Henshaw. Due to the unprecedented volume of response we are currently receiving, regrettably, we are unable to respond to every application individually. If you have not heard back from us in 5 days, please assume your application has been unsuccessful, however your details will be entered on our database and we will be in contact when a suitable opportunity arises.In respect of the above advert, CS Associates is acting as a recruitment agency.