Title: Channel Account Manager  Key Partner relationship management
Webindex: 72448893
Company: Sophos Plc
Description: Company overview Sophos is focused on delivering the best IT security and data protection for businesses. Sophos produced its first encryption and antivirus products back in the ****s….and today Sophos products protect over **** businesses and 100 million users, in more than 150 countries. Sophos understands what it takes to keep businesses secure and this is why Sophos is recognised globally by its Customers and Analysts alike, as leaders in what it does. The key to the Sophos success story is its people….Sophos is built on a foundation of world class talent, who have developed long standing careers with the company. Sophos believes it’s employees are the company’s best asset…and is therefore continuously seeking to acquire high calibre talent which will contribute towards the continual growth, innovation and success of the Sophos global brand. The Opportunity Due to continuing business success and company expansion plans, Sophos is seeking to appoint outstanding and experienced Channel Sales professionals who will be responsible for strategically acquiring, managing, developing and growing Channel Partner relationships across the UK region. The position of Channel Account Manager is dedicated to positioning Sophos world leading IT Security solutions to an account book of existing/new Channel Partners. This truly is an outstanding opportunity for a talented and entrepreneurial Channel Account Manager, with the desire to achieve professional excellence within a fast paced and consultative ‘business to business’ technology services environment. “…this really is an exciting opportunity for exceptional Channel Sales professionals to further their career within a fast paced, growing and truly innovative global organisation….” The candidate profile The position of Channel Account Manager is a mentally stimulating role which requires acute business acumen and the ability to forge/maintain strong relationships with key Channel Partners and influence end user client organisations. The successful candidate will utilise an extremely professional/consultative sales approach, with the drive, ambition and self motivation to achieve specific business objectives and succeed regardless of the challenge. A proactive, methodical and innovative working practice is essential in order to identify/develop/exploit new business opportunities within the IT Security channel. Essential:  Proven professional ‘channel’ sales experience, with a strong track record of success (partner acquisition relationship management) within a consultative / technical services environment.  The self motivation to individually identify/generate/exploit new Partner acquisition opportunities and nurture existing accounts (up selling and cross selling of deliverables).  A consultative sales approach, with the ability to conduct detailed business needs analysis and appropriate the correct solution inline with Channel Partner / end user client’s specific business requirement.  The confidence to present to senior business stakeholders within client organisations.  Strong business acumen with the ability to forge and maintain strategic partnerships with internal technical resources, external clients and conduct virtual team management.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  A methodical approach, combined with creativity, determination and persistence Desirable:  Knowledge / understanding of the IT Security industry (including an appreciation of the industry structure, operational practice, business functionalities and competitive landscape).  A degree level education or equivalent experience and professional sales training would be a distinct advantage. Commitment to Sophos employees – Corporate benefits career development strategy Sophos believe in career progression and therefore significantly invests in structured training programs to promote employee success, personal growth and development. The training programs are supported by a defined career roadmap and excellent long term opportunities. Sophos also provides an outstanding benefits package to support employee wellbeing  including private healthcare, group pension scheme, profit related bonus (in addition to excellent performance related commission structure), life assurance/illness/travel insurance and an excellent subsidised restaurant facility. Sophos is an Equal Opportunities employer. Only successful applicants will be contacted for interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChannelAccountManagerKeyPartnerrelationshipmanagement_job****