Title: Field Sales Executive  Service Contracts
Webindex: 68062558
Company: Chubb
Description: The Chubb brand is one of the most recognised fire and security brands in the world. From digital CCTV surveillance and intruder alarms to fire detection and suppression systems, we provide a full range of innovative products and services to customers, including most FTSE 100 companies. Chubb, a UTC Climate, Controls Security Systems business, is a truly international, talent driven company focused on performance and results. We employ **** people on a global basis including **** Chubb employees in the UK. We have a big commitment to the continuing development of everyone who works for us and therefore we encourage and strongly support career progression, with opportunities for promotion within our organisation and throughout the wider UTC global group. We have created new key opportunities for experienced New Business Sales Professionals to undertake a 100% new business role selling an exciting new offering to the market revolving around fire and intruder alarm service and maintenance contracts to potential customers across the South West  territories to include Avon, Berkshire, Dorset, Gloucestershire, Hampshire, Oxfordshire, Somerset and Wiltshire. Reporting into the National Contract Sales Manager, the key tasks will include telephone cold calling to arrange appointments and networking through to decision makers, organising weekly sales activity diary, undertaking high volume face to face field sales meetings on a daily basis, winning new customers and achieving deadline driven sales targets. The key focus will be to initiate the relationship, build rapport and sell a compelling new proposition to potential customers to switch from their current security/fire service supplier to Chubb. Your strategy will be to develop business with small to medium sized businesses i.e. prospective customers with no existing service contract, winning back previous customers, developing a database of target customers with renewal dates and planning and implementing local targeted marketing campaigns. It is essential to possess previous field sales experience in a new business development capacity (and not account management) and to be very confident in your ability to set up your own appointments. You will be well versed in preparing, structuring and conducting an effective cold sales call, results focused and possess excellent communication skills. Ideally you will already possess experience in selling solutions, however, we may consider candidates with product sales experience if that experience entails 100% new business development. We may consider sales professionals who have a proven track record in successful new business development gained largely in telesales, as long as this is supplemented by some cold calling, field sales experience. The Basic salary offered is **** and the role will be very incentivised with an uncapped commission scheme and we would expect a performing individual to earn c**** in year one. You will also benefit from a company car and further benefits and longer term access to career opportunities throughout the business. We welcome applications from talented, hardworking and ambitious Sales Executives, Field Sales Representatives, Telesales Executives, Sales Managers, Sales Professionals, New Business Sales, Business Development Managers, Business Development Executive, Business Developers, Contract Sales Executives, Sales Consultants, Field Sales, TeleSales, Regional Sales and District Sales who live within the Home Counties and the South West and who possess a UK Driving Licence. Chubb is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Please note that due to the high volume of responses that we receive for opportunities across the UK, we are unfortunately no longer able to respond to each application directly or to provide further individual feedback. We will however contact you should we select you to attend an interview. Should you not receive a reply from us within 4 weeks, please assume that your application on this occasion has proved unsuccessful. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveServiceContracts_job****