Title: North European Account Manager (Laboratory Equipment)
Webindex: 56837673
Company: JOBG8
Description: A superb opportunity for an experienced North European Account Manager ( Laboratory Equipment ) to join this international provider of specialist laboratory equipment used in analytical spectroscopy (XRF/ICP/AA). The Company: Our wellestablished (50 years) international client provides laboratory equipment for analytical spectroscopy for scientists throughout the world. Clients are wideranging from small laboratories to large corporations. This Londonbased European headquarters is small with great plans and opportunities for growth. The Role: Due to this growth they are now looking for an additional, brand new North European Account Manager ( Laboratory Equipment ) to expand their already successful export business. As a North European Account Manager your responsibilities involve management of distributors (70%) and key accounts (30%), including lead generation and marketing and is mostly inhouse with about 25% of the time spent travelling at trade shows and visiting dealers. The role will aim to concentrate on distributor management in Scandinavia ( Denmark, Sweden, Norway & Finland) but will also include developing business in countries such Germany, Poland, Holland, France, Italy, Russia and Eastern Europe. The Candidate: The successful candidate will be a self starter with exceptional relationship building capabilities. You will have substantial sales/key account/distributor management experience within a scientific sector (ideally laboratory equipment). In order to be credible it is highly desirable that you have a relevant industry degree, with a preference for Chemical sciences/Chemistry, however experience in this area may suffice. You will be highly motivated and focused and be a good team player with a proven record of sales achievement. Knowledge of sample preparation by fusion for XRF or ICP is a big advantage as is knowledge of one or more European languages such as Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, Russian, Polish, Finnish, German, Dutch or Italian. Key words: Sales specialist, Laboratory equipment sales, Chemical sales, new business development, Distributor Management, Laboratory Instrument sales, multilingual European languages (Russian, Polish, Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, Finnish, German, Dutch or Italian), XRF (Xray Fluorescence) ICP (inductively coupled plasma, AA (Atomic Absorption), grinder, fusion, grinder. Candidates searching for the following job titles are also likely to be interested: European Sales Manager. Scientific Sales. Distributor Management. Laboratory Sales. Technical Sales Executive. European Sales Executive. New Business Development. Instrumentation Sales. For full company details and job specification please email your CV now or contact Pia Hartnell to discuss further. We:  Understand your specific requirements and career aspirations  Guarantee to keep you updated  Provide full preinterview preparation and postinterview debriefing  We guarantee not to approach any company without consulting you first