Title: Exciting Sales Team Full Product Training provided
Webindex: 62008019
Company: Simply Recruit Ltd
Description: A busy sales and marketing company is looking to open at least **** new offices around the UK in 2011. And due to our promotions being based on performance rather than seniority, if you are hardworking and ambitious there's every chance that one of those offices could be run by you. Whether you're an expert in sales and customer service or you just want to make the most of your amazing people skills, we want to hear from you. We're looking for candidates who have the mentality to win twentyfour/seven and have the confidence and the attitude to stand out and progress within our company. If you think you have leadership potential that people haven't yet tapped into, or feel like your skills aren't being appreciated as they should be, then you'll be glad to hear that in our company we look for and appreciate these qualities in every applicant. Ultimately our aim is to create success in our people by taking the time to coach and develop them and it is this goal that has shaped the company culture. Responsibilities will include:  Face to face communication  Leadership and mentoring  Involved in, and establishing team goals We provide:  Travel Oppportunites  A fantastic environment  Full and ongoing product training and coaching  Career development  Amazing earning potential So if you're looking for something with real prospects, and have big plans for 2011, then we would love to hear from you. APPLY HERE. You must currently live in the local area and be able to commute to the office on a daily basis. We are no longer looking for any summer workers, students or parttime people so please do not apply. To apply for this advert please use this site's online system, remembering to attach your CV to your application, or alternatively if you wish you may send your CV directly to recruitmentsimplyrecruit.co.uk. Please make sure your full name, address and contact details are available so we can contact you if you are successful. Keywords: Sales, customer service, marketing, business development, business opportunities, business advancement, business opportunity, business opportunities, business experience, summer work, summer opportunity, summer opportunities, sales team leader, sales management, sales experience, sales representative, campaign sales, product sales, telesales, telesales experience, sales trainer, sales trainee, sales opportunity, sales opportunities, customer service experience, customer service positions, customer service role, customer acquisition, retail experience advantageous, bar experience advantageous, customer service experience advantageous, leadership experience advantageous, caf experience advantageous, no experience necessary, no experience required, graduates welcome, nongraduates welcome,