Title: Regional Operations Account Manager  Banking / Credit Card
Webindex: 69001700
Company: Lloyd Recruitment
Description: Regional Operations Account Manager LOCATION: 2 days City / 3 days Croydon PACKAGE: ****K  ****K plus excellent benefits Our client, a subsidiary company of a large global holding group Manage the client relationships from a regional perspective including establishing productive, professional relationships with regional client contacts. Work with the Operations Department to ensure accounts are setup and administered efficiently and effectively. Identify, investigate and resolve issues and troubleshoot problems for designated accounts, within and between Operations and other Departments. Establish productive, professional relationships with clients in assigned customer accounts across the EMEA region. Data analysis Maintain a strong commercial awareness and understanding of commercial strategy, market intelligence and competitor insight. Negotiate contractual agreements and ensure these are fully adhered to, and assess compliance to contractual requirements. Coordinate, generate and deliver responses to formal RFI s and RFP s. Carry out regular account reviews and be reviewed as a trusted advisor by key decision makers at a variety of client facing levels Identify additional revenue opportunities, cross sales or expansion of existing portfolios. Create a development plan and contact strategy for assigned accounts within the EMEA region and ensure that client summaries are updated and maintained. Maintain a strong commercial awareness and understanding of commercial strategy, market intelligence and competitor insight. Assist with the preparation of contractual agreements and ensure these are fully adhered to, and assess compliance to contractual requirements. Position the company as leading provider which in turn, enables clients to sell more products and services to their most valuable customers. THE CANDIDATE Must have a minimum of 5 years account management experience in the B2B banking industry ideally in the International credit card enhancement market or similar sector where bespoke services are offered to financial or travel organisations Experienced in developing relationships with customers to ensure their needs are fully understood and the relevant bespoke services are offered and presented in a compelling way Strong MS Excel and numeracy Experienced in contractual negotiations across countries within EU region Excellent presentation skills Expert in building relationships with senior staff and directors in blue chip organisations High level of numeracy and commercial awareness High computer literacy (MS Office) and Salesforce or similar sales management software Fluent in English & ideally at least one other European Language  French and/or German