Title: Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultants Wanted – Sunday Times Fast Track **** Company
Webindex: 66930616
Company: HARVARD BROWN LTD
Description: This is a chance to work as a Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant for a multi awardwinning recruitment company in their London, Manchester or Bristol based offices. Would you like to be financially rewarded for your efforts with an uncapped and generous commission structure? Do you want to progress in your career within a meritocratic working environment and a business driven by an ethic of entrepreneurship? My client is a multi awardwinning, rapidly expanding recruitment company with a successful track record of training and developing graduates into industryleading recruitment experts. They have placed on the Sunday Times Fast Track List for two consecutive years as well as earning their place on the Sunday Times **** Best Companies to Work for list. Their areas of expertise include IT, finance, banking, oil and gas, media and engineering recruitment, having successfully placed some of the most highly sought after professional candidates into an established client list of globally established investment banks, hedge funds, management consultancies and other professional partnerships. As a result of consistent and exponential growth this company is looking to hire a number of graduates in all of their UK based offices, including London, Manchester and Bristol. You will have the option to decide which office you would like to work in and will be asked your preference at interview. They offer a comprehensive and ongoing training programme of the highest standard which consists of a combination of mentoring from a Director and external market specific training. After proving yourself as a Recruiter you will have the opportunity to participate in dedicated management training scheme. The company is committed to growing organically and focus exclusively on hiring at the graduate level as opposed to hiring candidates with prior recruitment experience. They offer career advancement and financial rewards based solely on merit allowing their best performers to progress into a position of leadership inside 18 months of joining. As a Recruitment Consultant you will be tasked with the objective of initiating and developing working relationships with prospective clients, ascertaining the specifics of their hiring needs and proactively sourcing and assessing the most suitable candidates to work for them. You will utilise a variety of methods to generate the best candidates, including advertising, headhunting, networking, recommendations and referrals. In order to be successful with your application, you will be a graduate, ideally with a ****:1 degree or above and be able to evidence a proactive, competitive, resilient and ambitious personality. You will need to engaging and confident communication skills required in order to negotiate with decision makers up to CEO level. You should be driven by the financial rewards and potential for rapid career advancement available in the recruitment industry and have a strong work ethic. Any sales experience you may have will be an asset although is by no means a prerequisite for an individual with the right motivation, mindset and abilities required to be successful. Specialising in placing graduates and sales professionals into the recruitment industry, we are a preferred supplier to an extensive and diverse range of carefully selected clients, from boutique executive search and selection firms to multinational and often multi awardwinning recruitment organisations. Apply today to work as a Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant for one of the UK's leading recruitment companies. Graduate Trainee Recruitment Consultant, Careers in Recruitment, Graduate Job Opportunities, Graduate Recruitment Jobs London, Graduate Recruitment Jobs.