Title: B2B Sales Executive  Conferences Events
Webindex: 66589044
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: Sales and Business Development professionals needed now, to join a global research, training and events organisation as they seek to build on their international reputation Our client produces key conferences and events worldwide across the energy and finance markets with presentations taking place in **** hotels. Having enjoyed global success over the last few years, they are now looking for a talented Events Sales Executive to join their fastgrowing team. This position comprises a fantastic mix of sales and events management  all wrapped up with the opportunity for international travel and to meet very important clients. As their B2B Sales Executive, you will love generating new business from a database of global energy companies and managing existing client relationships. Your communication and relationshipbuilding skills will ensure clients are informed of upcoming events and confirm their attendance. Want to get involved? Please apply now The B2B Events Sales Executive will:  Speak to both new and existing clients  Maintain and develop client relationships, establishing a great rapport  Inform potential attendees of upcoming events and confirm their presence  Enjoy working as part of a seamless and supportive team They expect their B2B Events Sales Executive to:  Have excellent spoken and written English and communication skills  Love travelling internationally and meeting key clients  Have a passion for sales and the ability to work towards targets  Be able to establish instant rapport with clients  Fit seamlessly into the team and contribute to the fun from day one This is a fantastic opportunity to play a key role in the continued growth and development of this rapidly expanding company. You`ll enjoy full training and support as well as a fantastic social life, with company nights out in central London and all the benefits of working as part of a closely knit team. In return, you`ll receive a great basic rate and a fully achievable OTE. Get in touch today to put your sales skills and events experience to great use. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.