Title: Telecoms Sales Manager
Webindex: 69188834
Company: Direct Response
Description: Direct Response are currently recruiting for a Sales Manager for our award winning Telecoms team. The Sales Manager will initially take on a team of 5 sales people with the idea of expanding the team and also aiding the Sales Director with remotely managing a team a team outside of London. The Sales Manager will also be tasked with engaging the customers from acquisitions and mergers. We are a solution selling business and sell bespoke products and services dependent on our customer's need which ensures the need for a consultative sales manner with knowledge of unified communications. As a Sales Manager who will be responsible for the management, quality assurance, results, training, drive, and inspiration of company you will be involved in key business decisions, and implementation of strategy and overall performance of company sales. You will liaise with the telesales manager, the manager of account development and retention department, and the CIP’s manager. The Sales Manager will also assist the Managing Director and Sales and Marketing Director in negotiations and QA of the supply chain management relating to sales and marketing issues and products. Requirements:  Minimum of 3 years’ experiencemanaging a cold sales team within the Telecoms industry  Proven track record of hitting monthly and annual sales targets within budget.  Ensuring sales targets are achieved within installation, account management, and company margin budgets and SLAs  Providing motivation and coaching when necessary to your team About the company: Direct Response is an award winning voice, data and contact centre renowned for the service quality and wide array of products and services that we provide to our customers. We are a successful and growing company where staff development and recognition is a central and integrated feature of a company driven by a strong culture and values. This role is based from our Head Office in Hammersmith and will require some travel to meet clients. This is a superb opportunity for an experiencedBusiness Development Manager, who has won new business and grown a sales patch within a Telecoms company to join a stimulating working environment. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TelecomsSalesManager_job****