Title: Sales manager lead converter
Webindex: 70079357
Company: Abbey Windows Ltd
Description: Door, Window Conservatory Salesperson / Lead Converter required for an established Reading based company. This position would suit a locally based person The candidate must have at least 5 years industry specific experience in pricing various doors, windows conservatories. Pay: The position is fully commission based; the candidate will be part of a small sales team. Approxrimate pay ******** per annum OTE. All leads are generated by the company. Leads are dispersed by the sales manager to the salespersons equally. Hours / Days of work: This position will require the candidate to cover show centre duties predominantly Saturday s 9am to 1pm on rota, every Sunday 10am to 4pm (some bank holiday working may be required with time in lieu) During the week **** to 4 days during the week (tba). Leads received on these days will be worked by the candidate; other new leads will further be passed to the candidate for his perusal down. Duties: To cover duties in the show centre Responsible for contacting customers / organising customer visits either at their property or in our show centre Writing up customer orders processing documentation accurately Entering all of their Lead information onto the company s database. The Candidate will be tasked with deadlines on chasing his/ her quotations The Candidate will be required to attend internal sales meetings will be reasonable for Sales forecasting his/her own workload The Person: Must have at least 5 years industry experience Must be hardworking and driven The Candidate must be well presented, polite knowledgeable. The Candidate must be able to prioritise his own workload be able to work autonomously with their workload The Candidate must be I.T literate Have an excellent level of understanding in English Mathematics Must be able to work well under pressure Must have their own Full UK Driving Licence own transport Experience of Sales finance would be beneficial