Title: Field Sales Executive (Digital Printing / POS) Company Car
Webindex: 68806373
Company: EasyWebRecruitment
Description: Field Sales Executive (Digital Printing / POS) Company Car Established in the mid **** s, our client has established themselves as a leading printer of Corrugated and floor POS displays and designs for retailers also converters of corrugated boxes diecuts. Position: Sales Executive Location: Area to be covered  Northampton, Bucks Cambridge Salary: ****k  ****k plus open ended commission structure once targets are met, predicted 1st yr OTE ****K Benefits: Fully expensed company car, mobile phone supplied, ROLE: As a Field Sales Executive your role would be to achieve an agreed sales budget on a monthly basis, and generate business from new customers from a designated sales area. The role requires the Field Sales Executive to be selfmotivated, presentable and driven to succeed. Full support internally will enable the successful candidate to concentrate on face to face selling with customers, you will report to the Sales Director and Managing Director. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Establish, maintain and develop excellent customer relationships and provide a high standard of customer service via telephone, letters, email. b) Identify, canvass, prospect and make effective contact with new businesses. c) Meet or exceed agreed sales targets by sustaining the existing new business with customers and identifying new sales opportunities in order to grow revenue. d) Selling presenting to clients face 2 face via appoints, including product demonstrations and providing samples. e) Be able to attend the office at least **** times a week. f) Liaising with the production and artwork team to follow up on orders and samples for clients. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Evidence of strong sales skills/process, communication, influencing and presentation skills. b) Experience of achieving challenging sales targets, revenue and call targets. c) Working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications. d) Excellent telephone skills, persuasive ability, ability to negotiate confidently. e) The ability to create relationships with customers, able to work under pressure to tight deadlines. f) Good level of numeracy skills, high attention to detail, flexible and adaptable to changing situations. g) Clean driving licence. h) Live in or close to area to be covered. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Experienced in working for a medium sized sheet converter environment would be a plus. b) Knowledge of Screen / Digital Print P.O.S this would also be an advantage. You may have experience of the following: POS, Digital Print Sales Executive, Account Manager, Business Development, Area Sales, Cold Calling, Key Account Manager, Digital Printing, Field Sales, Account Executive, Printing, Publishing Sales, National Account Manager, Artworker, Digital Agency, Sales Manager, Account Director, Regional Sales, Screen Printing, Graphic Designer, Product Manager, Point of Sale etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.