Title: National Account Manager  Licensed and Own Label Footwear
Webindex: 69805181
Company: Ashford Knight Ltd
Description: National Account Manager  Licensed and Own Label Footwear  Top 4 Grocers Location: Home Based The Role: My client is looking for a hardworking, tenacious, National Account Manager to join their highly successful Footwear Company. The company sell a range of own label and licensed character footwear to Top Grocers, High Street Retail, Department Stores and Independent Retailers. Reporting to the Sales Director, you will have total autonomy in the role, with responsibility for designated sales targets and portfolio growth. You will be a very confident, strategic, relationship builder. A fantastic networker, you will have an excellent eye for identifying and creating opportunities in existing clients as well as bringing new business on board. Dealing with buyers and senior decision makers, you will be a very proactive decision maker and have good multitasking capabilities. You will have the support and backup of a highly dedicated, effective and companyfocused team who will support you in all areas to ensure that you have all the support and tools necessary to succeed. Our Client My client is an innovative and highly successful, award winning footwear company. With strong ethics, they maintain a down to earth environment, where all members of the team are valued and appreciated. Guaranteed career development opportunities for successful individuals Requirements Proven experience of working as a National Account Manager in the FMCG industry Proven Sales background Strong work ethic Target orientated Multitasker Strategic approach Footwear and/or Clothing experience First class negotiation, communication and influencing skills Driven Flexible attitude, clear strategic thinking and attention to detail A professional and down to earth personality Package Basic Salary: ******** Commission: Bonus Please note that due to the large volume of applications received we are unable to discuss individual applications. If you have not heard from us within 7 days your application has been unsuccessful. Keep up to date with all our latest vacancies by following us on FACEBOOK, TWITTER, GOOGLE or LINKEDIN. Check out our website at www.ashfordknight.co.uk for the links. Job Ref: **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalAccountManagerLicensedandOwnLabelFootwear_job****