Title: Partnerships Development Executive  Crawley
Webindex: 72447674
Company: Holland & Tisdall.
Description: My client is seeking a commercially minded, creative and ambitious Sponsorship Sales Professional with experience in sponsorship sales. The successful candidate will be responsible for the development, execution and management of global sponsorship sales campaigns and sponsor management reporting to the Event Director. The further development of the online product offer and sales strategy will also form part of the role going forwards. You will be passionate, dedicated, ambitious and knowledgeable about selling creative sponsorship ideas successfully and have proven and comprehensive experience of the sponsorship sales process. Not put off by picking up the phone, you will be equally motivated by facetoface sales and by creating effective and exciting proposals and solutions. (Experience of working internationally and on new launches would be an advantage.) Willingness to travel is essential. You will be both commercially minded and creative and have the ability to successfully manage relationships and projects on schedule both in the UK and overseas. You will also have the expertise and determination to research and develop new sponsorship prospects and sales as you deal with clients in different time zones and cultures. You are an ambitious individual who can work alone and as part of a team. Required Deliverables in the role Direct management and activation of secondary and tertiary level sponsors Effectively managing ongoing sponsorship arrangements to exceed sponsor expectations and deliver ROI Building and maintaining a sponsor prospect database for the global, LatAm and Asian events Formulating current and prospective sponsor acquisition and retention strategies Developing a sales plan which delivers sufficient sponsorship revenue to hit budgets Developing and selling new sponsorship packages Evaluating and developing a sales strategy for the online brand Delivering new online revenue streams and adding value/additional online revenue streams to existing sponsor packages. Selling regional spotlight series on the website to tourism boards Working with the events team and external partners and suppliers to ensure that sponsor requirements and expectations included in their contracts are executed effectively and in a timely fashion Assisting in general administrative tasks Responsible for certain elements of the event delivery Liaising with suppliers and business partners in the UK, Latin America and Singapore Skills Required Experience in sponsorship sales in either B2B or B2C, (ideally with some international experience) Presentation skills Excellent negotiation and relationship building skills Demonstrable ability to deliver creative solutions Customer focused Project management Contract management Excellent command of written and spoken English  other languages could be an advantage Sound commercial awareness Excellent organisational skills Highly motivated and proactive Strong sense of urgency and results orientation Ability to multitask and meet deadlines Strong attention to detail Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to effectively communicate with and relate to all levels both within and outside the organisation Selfmotivated and able to work effectively both independently and as part of a team Good knowledge of MS Office Experience in the use of databases in targeted sales campaigns Experience of online sales is desirable Salary; ****k  commission If you have the relevant experience and feel this could be an ideal opportunity to take your career to the next level then please apply now and send your Cv to Liz. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PartnershipsDevelopmentExecutiveCrawley_job****