Title: Marketing Manager  Energy
Webindex: 70254391
Company: Connect2Staff
Description: We are working with a large Energy Broker to recruit a Marketing Manager with industry experience. This is a very handson role and requires quick decisions based on knowledge facts. This exciting role requires daily management of external agencies as well as managing internal relationships to deliver key initiatives on time, in full and within budget. The role will be about creating the right processes and bestinclass marketing practices to drive leads into the business. Alongside this, you will be identifying areas where you can support the telesales function in increasing conversion rate of both inbound and outbound opportunities. Become evangelical about the brand both internally and externally and create the strategic vision of how the business will grow its market awareness to its customers and the market place. This position will also act as Assistant Director to the Director of Marketing Communications. You will have experience within the energy sector with a thorough knowledge of delivering ROI on projects covering:  Mail Shots  EShots  SEO  PPC  Referral Schemes  Internal Lead Generation You will have a breadth of commercial experience and have had specific experience of managing a marketing budget as well being comfortable forecasting R.O.I. You will, through your experience, be able to assign budget, recognising above the line ROI and below the line awareness / brand building costs. You will have direct experience of managing agencies including delivering full E****E marketing briefs with an eye for detail and an intuitive recognition of industry level costs and time frames of delivery. You will also be able to show good working knowledge of CRM systems and how to combine telesales and direct marketing activity in a coordinated approach to maximise revenue. We are looking for someone well connected with a personal network of relevant stakeholders within the marketing arena, including but not exclusively, the DMA, the IDA, CIM and the IFO. You will also have a complete working knowledge of the DPA, including preference and marketing opt in/out rules and regulations. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MarketingManagerEnergy_job****