Title: Car Sales Executive  Motor Trade Jobs Beds
Webindex: 69784643
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Our Motor Trade clients is able to offer an exciting career move for an outstanding Car Sales Executive with a proven track record in sales within a Main Car Dealership to join this dynamic winning motor trade team. With leading Sales skills and CSI performances, the successful Automotive Sales Executive will need to be self driven in their desire to take the next step. Are you currently a successful Car Sales Executive? Do you have a proven track record as a Sales Executive within a Car Dealership? Are you after a new challenge or the next step in your career? In return you will be rewarded with working for a leading brand, great working environment, career progression and job satisfaction. Plus the extra Benefits of: Attractive remuneration package Top career path opportunity Full brand training and development program Complete management support This is a rare automotive career and future advancement opportunity to join this well established and progressive dealer group of automotive companies. If your time has come, you have drive, ability and the desire to be an important and key part of this well rewarded team. Motor Trade experience is essential Call Michelle today on N/A / N/A or email your CV to michelle N/A or visit our website  N/A Motor Trade experience is essential. We have many different Motor Trade Jobs available from Service Manager, Service Team Leader, Aftersales Manager, Sales Executive, General Sales Manager, Sales Manager, Business Manager, Sales Admin, Body Shop Manager, Paint Sprayer, Panel Beater, Bodyshop Estimator, Dealer Principal, Motor Mechanic, MOT Testers, Service Advisor, Service Receptionist, Motor Cycle Technicians Mechanics, Vehicle Technician, Light Commercial Vehicle Technicians, HGV Fitters, Trade Parts Representative, Parts Advisor, Parts Manager, Workshop Controller, Fast Fit, Tyre Fitters, Warranty Administrator, Fleet Sales Executive, Car Valetor, Parts Van Delivery Drivers. AUTOMOTIVE RECRUITMENT AGENCY FOR MOTOR TRADE JOBS