Title: FIELD SERVICE EXECUTIVE (RETAIL EQUIPMENT SECTOR)
Webindex: 69000961
Company: Triple S Recruitment Ltd
Description: FIELD SERVICE EXECUTIVE (RETAIL EQUIPMENT SECTOR) Maternity Cover Contract. Potential Permanent Opportunities C****  Car  Bonus  Benefits Kent/South East, London Commutable from Maidstone, Chatham, Dartford, Croydon, Rochester, Ashford, Tunbridge Wells, Canterbury, Dover, Bromley, Leatherhead, Reigate, Lewisham, Greenwich, Bexley, Mitcham, Guildford, Farnborough, Aldershot Our client is a global multinational specialising in the supply and rental of a range of display equipment to the retail sector including supermarkets and other wellknown high street retail names. Due to maternity leave, they are currently seeking a Field Service Executive to cover the Kent, South East London area. There may be potential for a permanent role. The main purpose of the role is to manage the primary relationship between our client and its retail client base through regular face to face meetings to ensure optimum equipment asset control and supply, excellent customer service and to maximise growth opportunities. The ideal person must therefore be a confident and influential account/service executive with at least eighteen months/two years experience in a similar commercial customer facing, field based retail or other B2B asset rental/equipment supply environment eg vending machines, plant hire, loss prevention. On average you will spend c3.5 days out in the field visiting retailer distribution depots meeting executives at all levels, and will undertake stock audits, discuss future requirements and identify potential sales leads to increase volumes. On average you will handle c**** accounts and will be expected to undertake c**** account visits per week. The majority of customers are located in West Kent, Surrey, and South East London. The ideal applicant will therefore be very confident and well presented, with well developed interpersonal skills such as persuasion, influencing and negotiation. You will be adept in the use of Excel and will be highly numerate and commercially aware. This is a great role that offers an overview of the whole supply chain, the opportunity to interact at all levels within a market leading environment. Career prospects are very good for mobile candidates following completion of the initial six month interim maternity cover role. The successful applicant will ideally asap in the New Year. To apply without delay, please email your CV, in word format, quoting reference to **** Interviews will be held in the South East