Title: IT Sales Team Leader  IT Company
Webindex: 68193484
Company: BSC Sales Specialist Ltd
Description: IT Sales Team Leader  IT Company ****k basic with generous uncapped OTE potential (Up to ****k)  Career progression  Free parking  other benefits Close to Manchester City Centre and tram links Company Our client are a leading independent provider of specialist IT supplies, office consumables and business services to the UK business market (both public and private sector). Having established themselves in the market, this company is still experiencing positive growth and is moving forward with new products and services available. Currently seeking an experienced business to business IT Sales Team Leader to drive business forward within their established Manchester based sales team. Role This role is a very handson Team Leader position which involves managing a small team of telesales / account managers as well as managing and developing your own portfolio of client accounts. You will be responsible for selling a wide range of IT products and services to new business none spending accounts to increase sales by identifying new opportunities. Reporting to the Sales Manager your duties will include: producing weekly and monthly figures, monitoring staff performance and KPIs, carrying out appraisals, logging activity and producing reports, professionally running the team to ensure targets are met, logging activity and producing reports. You will continually lead, motivate, coach and manage a team of outbound telesales executives who are responsible for both account management and new business sales. Developing sales techniques to drive towards achieving personal and team targets. Reporting to the Sales Manager, you will be acting as an integral part of the successful telesales team to ensure that quality and productivity is driven as standard and business targets are achieved/exceeded. Implementing and maintaining sales, call and work processes whilst managing and coordinating outbound campaigns and monitoring and providing regular updates. Requirements Due to the demands of the role all applicants are required to possess the following:  Requires an excellent Team Leader with handson supervisory/management skills gained within an IT Reseller telesales environment.  A proactive approach to sales as you will be responsible for building and developing long term client relationships with clients.  You will have a proven track record of managing, leading and supervising a proactive sales team within a dynamic environment.  Must have excellent time management skills together with verbal and written communication skills.  You will have the ability to sell a wide and varied product and service portfolio.  You will have a strong commitment to achieving successful outcomes and delivering results to the standards required.  The ability to communicate at all levels is paramount. You will be an effective motivator and influencer who generates drive and commitment through others.