Title: Trainee Locum Recruitment Consultant
Webindex: 68062323
Company: Healthline International Limited
Description: A Locum Recruitment Consultant is involved in attracting candidates and matching them to jobs in client companies in locum/contract positions. Locum Recruitment Consultant's work together with client companies, building relationships in order to gain a better understanding of their recruitment needs and requirements. They screen candidates, interview them, do background checks, and make recommendations to their clients. Locum Recruitment Consultants also provide advice to both clients and candidates on salary levels, work opportunities and short term locum cover solutions. Typical work activities A locum recruitment consultant's role is demanding and diverse, involving: Using sales, business development and marketing techniques in order to attract business from client companies; Building relationships with clients; Developing a good understanding of what client companies do and their work culture; Identifying and approaching suitable candidates; Receiving and reviewing applications, managing registrations and provisionally booking candidates into jobs on a contract basis; Checking references and suitability of applicants before referral to employers for work; Booking provisional bookings with the client contacts and informing the client of the candidates skillsets, work hours and rates and any other special requirements; Informing candidates about the results of their provisional bookings; Negotiating pay and salary rates and finalising arrangements between client and candidates; Offering advice to both clients and candidates on pay rates, training and locum opportunities and progression; Reviewing recruitment policies to ensure effectiveness of selection techniques and recruitment programmes. Personal Specification Personality You will be self driven, resultsoriented with a positive outlook, and a clear focus on high quality and business profit. A natural forward planner who critically assesses own performance. Mature, credible and comfortable in dealing with staff and client contacts of all levels. You will be reliable, tolerant and determined and an empathic communicator, able to see things from the other person's point of view. Well presented and business like. Enjoy accountability, able to get on with others and be a team player. Personal Situation You must be domestically secure and will be able to commute reliably to the office base. You must have a clean or near clean driving license. Specific Job Skills You will be able to show examples of working under pressure and to targets a history of consistently exceeding K.P.I's set in a locum recruitment position would be ideal but not essential. You will be able to communicate and motivate via: written, verbal and visual media. Education and Qualifications You must be educated to A Level standard and you will be required to complete an R.E.C qualification and/or C.I.P.D qualification, during your probation. Computer Skills You will be able to demonstrate a good understanding of all Microsoft office packages. You will possess a very high level of knowledge and understanding of inhouse databases along with their impact and importance to the organisation. Equal Opportunities Healthline International Limited is an equal opportunities employer. We aim to ensure that no job applicant or employee receives less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender, marital status, race, colour, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, age or disability, and that all appointments are made purely on the basis of merit. Training A range of commercial training providers offer short courses specific to the skills required in the industry. It is also worth noting that the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD), the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) and the Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM) run personal development training for members. Professional qualifications are available through the REC and the CIPD. The REC in collaboration with Middlesex University Business School offers three nationallyrecognised professional qualifications for the sector: The certificate in recruitment practice. This can assist those new to the industry or those who have experience, but no formal training. The certificate can be studied by distance learning or through an intensive threeday course. The diploma in recruitment practice. This is a specialist qualification suitable for anyone involved in finding, assessing and selecting staff. Validated by Middlesex University Business School, it allows direct entry on to year two of the degree in recruitment practice. The diploma can be completed by flexible learning or through Londonbased evening classes. The degree in recruitment practice. This is a joint REC and Middlesex University Business School initiative that started in **** The degree can be completed by open learning, providing greater flexibility than a standard distance learning programme. In practice, we consider professional qualifications beneficial, but not essential, but those wishing to gain a thorough understanding of professional practice and the industry may find them valuable in the longer term. Personal membership of the REC is a requirement and can be of benefit in keeping your knowledge up to date and demonstrating professionalism to clients. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeLocumRecruitmentConsultant_job****