Title: Sales Executive  Buckinghamshire HP****
Webindex: 70754830
Company: Additional Resources Limited
Description: Sales Executive  Buckinghamshire HP****  to ****k basic  uncapped commission  benefits Key Skills: sales, business development, identifying leads, client/customer liaison, issuing quotes, meeting deadlines, organisation, working independently, graduate, some travel Are you looking for a new customerfacing and high profile role after university, or are you looking to build on your recent sales experience? Based in Buckinghamshire, at Chiltern International Fire we work with our customers in the construction industry to assess the performance of building products in the areas of fire, security, energy, sound, weather and durability. As part of the BM Trada Group of companies, Chiltern International Fire is around **** people strong. There is a small sales team, hardworking and fun, who are looking to increase in numbers in 2013. The Sales Executive role will be high profile and the pivotal driving force to enable our growth. In this role, you will be handson in all areas of the sales lifecycle, from generating new business leads, customer introductions and meetings, to being the company ambassador at external events and exhibitions, drawing up quotations and delivering to deadlines. You will be passionate about delivering excellent customer service and building longterm relationships will drive all you do. Requirements: Customer facing experience is essential, proving your ability to develop strong business relationships. Your natural confidence and ability to learn technical business aspects quickly will enable your success. Whilst you do not need to have sales experience, you will be motivated by meeting targets and will thrive in a working environment which has high expectations and is demanding at times. As travel to customer meetings is required, you will ideally have a full clean UK driving licence. If you are interested in this role, please apply to the Sales Executive position based in Buckinghamshire with your CV and salary expectations to Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****ey Skills: sales, business development, identifying leads, client/customer liaison, issuing quotes, meeting deadlines, organisation, working independently, graduate, some travel