Title: HVAC Product Sales Manager South East
Webindex: 69635488
Company: TEK International
Description: Overview: Product Sales Manager Our Client, a leading manufacturer of HVAC Products are looking for a Product Sales Manager. The role will be to promote their complete range of products including Damper Actuators, Fire Smoke Damper Control Solutions, VAV Control Solutions and Water Products  Control, Pressure Independent Shut Off Valve solutions. Brief Overview of Job Description; Reporting to the Managing Director, the responsibilities include: Main responsibility  Account Management of the OEM Customers ( Original Equipment Manufacturers). For example these include Manufacturers of Dampers, Fan Coil, Units, Air Handling Unitsetc. This includes dealing with all levels within the customers e.g. Managing Directors, Senior Management, Finance, Procurement, Sales and Technical. Specialist area/focus on liason with Fire industry organisations and professionals to promote the motorisation of Fire Dampers for the UK market Carrying out Promotion/Presentations of the above Product Ranges to various Customer Groups, including Mechanical Electrical Consulting Engineers, Specifiers, Contractors and End Users with a view to getting Products into their Specifications. Gain knowledge of and track Major Projects by liasing with the above Customer groups, other members of the Belimo sales team and other industry contacts/information. Responsibility for maintaining/updating of the Project database. Provide assistance to other members of the sales and sales support teams when required. General; The geographical area to be covered will be the London Home Counties, South, South East, and East Anglia. Therefore the candidate should be based within easy access to this area. The Candidate should ideally have experience/knowledge of dealing with the Customer groups as detailed above Previous HVAC Sales experience and a technical knowledge of HVAC Controls and Products would be an advantage. Candidates should be self motivated and have excellent communication skills to ensure high levels of customer services are maintained The following would be provided within the package; Company Car Allowance. Performance Related Bonus. Mobile Phone. Home Telephone/Broadband Allowance Health Insurance. Pension. 25 days annual holiday. Salary will be commensurate with experience. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/HVACProductSalesManagerSouthEast_job****