Title: Sales Consultant Torquay
Webindex: 66754695
Company: Jane Shilton Plc
Description: JOB DESCRIPTION  SHOE SALES ASSISTANT Responsible to the Store Manager for the following areas: **** CUSTOMER SERVICE  To deliver excellent customer service at all times.  To enhance the reputation of the Jane Shilton brand with both customers and host stores.  Ensure that every effort is made to satisfy the Customers’ requirements throughout their visit to the department **** TO MAXIMISE SALES OPPORTUNITIES  Must ensure that customer service skills are used and dedicated to providing the very best in Customer Care  Should welcome any staff training to expand product knowledge and service and be willing to attend special training sessions as required  Sales associates should ensure knowledge of best sellers and targets in order to maximize sales opportunities  Should be aware of services available to the customer such as Special Orders / Brand support etc. **** VISUAL MERCHANDISING  To follow guidelines set by Head Office and the Manager to ensure that stock is laid out to its true potential.  Should endeavour to keep housekeeping to a very high standard. This includes display areas, windows and wellorganized and tidy stockrooms including lifting boxes and some ladder work JOB DESCRIPTION  SHOE SALES ASSISTANT (CONTD.) **** STOCK CONTROL  Thorough understanding of EPOS and the processing of sales administration  Good understanding of ‘Sale’ set up and reduction procedures Help in preparing for and attending stock takes to complete these as accurately as possible  Good understanding of Inter Branch Transfers and booking in procedures. **** PERSONNEL  Must maintain a high standard of personal appearance. Should always be clean and tidy, and adhere to the host store guidelines.  Must develop an excellent working relationship with the host store. Friendly and professional to all store staff.  All staff should be polite and friendly towards all other stores cooperating with stock queries and transfers  Develop a good working relationship with Head Office, Ensuring that the store is represented in an informative, receptive and professional manner.