Title: Client Relationship Manager – B2B
Webindex: 71669169
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Client Relationship Manager  B2B Home/Field Based (covering the UK) ****  **** DOE Plus Commission, Car, Life Assurance, LongTerm Disability Insurance, Personal Accident Insurance, Private Healthcare, Pension Scheme, Childcare Voucher Scheme If you have B2B sales experience and you're on the lookout for a unique and exciting sales role  look no further. Our client is an educational charity providing adventurebased, outdoor personal development courses for young people. An opportunity has now arisen for a Client Relationship Manager to join their team. As a Client Relationship Manager, you will be responsible for client retention, new account development, and meeting revenue targets. Maintaining and building relationships with key clients and expanding the portfolio of products delivered, you will visit clients throughout the UK. You will be tasked with securing new and repeat business. Your key duties will include:  Acquiring new clients through referrals and networking  Writing compelling sales proposals  Hosting clients at our residential venues  Developing an understanding of client strategy and undertaking learning needs analysis To be considered for this position, you must have:  A proven track record of B2B sales  The ability to identify, qualify and close business opportunities within a targeted environment  A clean driving licence As a Client Relationship Manager, you must have excellent communication and presentation skills. Strong commercial acumen and the ability to negotiate effectively are also key. Whilst not essential, IT skills and a good level of financial literacy would be an advantage to your application. Any of the following would also be of benefit: maintaining a bespoke CRM system, knowledge of the training and development market, experience of apprentice and graduate development, and/or knowledge of outdoor education, development and training. Candidates should be aware that due to the nature of our client's work the successful applicant will undergo a CRB check. To apply for the role of Client Relationship Manager (B2B), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Field Sales Representative, Client Relationship Manager, B2B, Field Sales Executive, Account Manager, Sales Account Manager, B2B Sales Account Manager, B2B Field Sales, Area Sales, Territory Sales, Home Based Field Sales Representative, Area Sales Manager, Territory Sales Representative, Field Sales Rep. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ClientRelationshipManagerB2B_job****