Title: Field Sales Consultant  AV Solutions
Webindex: 68686647
Company: AV Jobs
Description: The Opportunity An excellent opportunity for a driven, new business focused sales person. As Field Sales Consultant  Audio Visual Solutions, your role will be to uncover new opportunities, win new clients, close sales and ultimately add revenue to the company's bottom line. You will proactively approach organisations in the SME, corporate, and higher education sectors, utilising cold calling, social media, networking (face to face) and sales meetings to win new clients. You will sell the company's Audio Visual and video conferencing solutions to senior level decision makers in the said organisations. You will sell in a consultative way, gaining a good understanding of the client's business and their specific requirements and desires. You will have excellent sales support from highly qualified and experienced AV engineers and technicians, who can give technical backup in sales meetings, particularly when it comes to solution design and system specification. The company has an excellent portfolio of completed projects demonstrating a high level of systems integration expertise, giving you the credibility to sell and deliver highend solutions. You will focus your sales efforts in the Yorkshire and North of England area, where the company has a wellestablished office. Salary: ****K Basic negotiable upon industry experience, ****K Uncapped OTE  Benefits: Travel/Car Allowance Your Skills, Qualities and Achievements Must be a proven business to business sales professional with experience of selling AV solutions, collaborative technologies or similar consultative solution sales, such as video conferencing or unified communications. You must be a new business focused professional with the ability and hunger to cold call, handle objections and get sales meetings with senior decision makers. Must have a demonstrable trackrecord of exceeding sales targets, particularly new business. The Organisation Well established, specialist Audio Visual Systems Integrator with an impressive portfolio of projects completed in the Corporate, Higher Education and SME sectors. The company have an excellent technical team with expertise in the latest Audio Visual solutions, IP based unified communications, collaborative technologies and control systems. The company have an established technical team in West Yorkshire and are now looking to grow further by capitalising on the opportunities afforded in their markets. The Recruiters AV Jobs are specialists in providing a first class recruitment service for professional sales and marketing people, engineers and programmers throughout the UK and EMEA. Our markets include Audio Visual, Technology, Telecoms and Office Equipment. We have an established reputation  with clients and candidates alike  for keeping things simple, straightforward and uncomplicated. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesConsultantAVSolutions_job****