Title: Recruitment Consultant  Ashford Knight  Sales Recruitment
Webindex: 69597762
Company: Ashford Knight Ltd
Description: Recruitment Consultant  Ashford Knight  Sales Recruitment Location: Birmingham The Role: This is an ideal opportunity for individuals with a proven sales background to join an ambitious, highly successful and expanding specialist sales recruitment company, and forge an exciting new career in recruitment. NO RECRUITMENT EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  We specialise in FMCG sales positions and are looking to expand and develop into being one of the leading FMCG Consumer recruitment companies in the UK. We're looking for people to be instrumental in the successful growth of Ashford Knight and develop a rewarding, challenging and exciting new career. You will play a key role in the team and will have total autonomy in the role. We operate a friendly, professional and highly enjoyable working environment, with a highly motivated, dedicated and committed team. You will also assist in the development of new ideas and innovations to assist in the success of the company. The Company: Ashford Knight specialise in placing sales professionals into the FMCG sector. We have a highly experienced and committed team, dedicated to providing the highest level of service to clients and candidates' in the FMCG industry. We have a real team focus, with a strong belief in staff training, support and development. We are a fast growing company which has enjoyed significant success since inception and now seek a talented individual to join and share in the continued success of the company. Requirements: Proven business to business field sales / telesales experience. New business skills. Experience of working to targets. Ambitious selfstarter. Strong relationship builder. Honest, reliable, trustworthy. Strong confidence levels. Target driven and thrive on a challenge. Package: Basic Salary: ****  **** Commission: Excellent uncapped commission bonus structure Excellent opportunities for career progression. PLEASE NOTE: Due to the large volume of applications we receive we are unable to discuss individual applications. If you have not heard from us within 7 days, your application has been unsuccessful. Job Ref: Ashford**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantAshfordKnightSalesRecruitment_job****