Title: Business Manager  Technology
Webindex: 71435397
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: As Business Manager  Technology, you will be responsible for managing a portfolio of clients within the IT T industry across the Thames Valley. Based out of the Reading office, the client list encompasses some of the World`sbiggest names within software, Telco, mobile, services and hardware. Thevacancy is a genuine valueadd, solution sales role. You will be offering an outsourced service to your clients in a competitivemarketplace. In addition to managing an existing customer portfolio, you will be targeted on growing your business through client acquisition, working with a `target list` as well as looking to uncover new opportunities and potential client partners. The successful candidate will bring the following combination of skills experience:  customerfacing B2B sales experience  solution sales and/or valueadd services sales experience  knowledge of (and passion for)the Technology/IT/Telco industry  excellent presentation negotiation skills in a facetoface environment  ability to close business over the phone The role is based in the Reading office so candidates will live within reach of RG1. My client are a leading service provider, supporting a number of industries. With an enviable client list, including global multinationals through to SME`s and startup`s, the business is set up to deliver on stretching growth targets in 2013, furthering tightening their grip on this industry within the UK. Basic salary plus profitrelated bonus scheme and additional employee benefits. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next **** days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessManagerTechnology_job****