Title: Russianspeaking Business Development Executive
Webindex: 72204402
Company: Euro London Appointments
Description: Russianspeaking Business Development Executive – join an international marketleader in the language industry Based in the South West of England ****  bonus  benefits Euro London Appointments is recruiting exclusively on behalf of a leader in the Language Industry. Our client is looking for an autonomous and selfmotivated Business Development Executive, with strong commercial awareness, and an understanding of the Russian and Eastern European markets. The successful candidate will work on new and existing accounts to drive business across these territories. If you’re looking for a challenging opportunity with frequent travel and have a flair for international sales, this could be the role for you Responsibilities include: • Developing and implementing a sales forecast within your territory • Developing existing accounts to ensure maximum revenue is achieved • Driving new business, through the full sales cycle • Qualifying prospects and guiding these through a complex sales cycle • Travelling across the Russian and Eastern European territories around 40%  from 14weeks at a time The successful candidate will be: • Fluent (to a native level) in both Russian and English. Other Eastern European languages would be advantageous, but fluency in Russian is a must. • Experienced in sales and commercially astute • A strong relationship builder • Educated to degree level or equivalent (preferred) • Our client would also consider candidates with no sales experience who are enthusiastic and keen to move into this field. In return, our client offers a diverse working environment, in open plan offices. This is a wellestablished name in the business and they have strong relationships with businesses across the globe. This is a fantastic opportunity to develop your sales career in an international role. Keywords: sales, sales executive, inside sales, field sales, account management, business development, Russian, Russia, Eastern Europe. If you fulfil the requirements please send your CV today to make the first step towards your new job If you are interested in this position, please contact Amy Cannon on **** **** **** or by email on a.cannoneurolondon.com, quoting reference WNAC**** Thank you for applying to Euro London Appointments, the UK's largest independent language consultancy. Please be advised that documents will be treated in the strictest of confidence and that your application will not be forwarded without your permission. We aim to respond as promptly as possible to your application, however, due to the high level of CVs we receive we are only able to respond to applicants whose profile matches our Clients requirements. To enquire about other vacancies please visit our website at www.eurolondon.com