Title: Business Development Manager – Russia and Eastern Europe
Webindex: 69992629
Company: CW Recruits Ltd
Description: Our client is looking for a Business Development Manager to develop new business sales across prospective clients in Russia and Eastern Europe. Main focus is to drive revenue from new clients by identifying relevant companies and PR agencies to approach. Candidate must be new business focused and must have experience within European or International sales. Candidate will also have experience selling to large international organisations. Fluency in Russian is essential, second Eastern Europe languages very considered. You willdevelop a comprehensive understanding of company products and services compared to competitors and successfully communicate these to the market place. Research, persuade and advise on strategic communication plans that would be of significant benefit to a clients business. Influence customer personnel at all levels, from Board Members, Senior Directors and Executives to Account Managers and Product Users. Represent company by developing strong relationships with our customers and strategic partner on the telephone, face to face, during meetings, presentations or at industry forums. To ensure the partner maintains a relationship with the client during their subscription period ensuring successful renewal at the end of their subscription. Key responsibilities: Highly proactive by ensuring that all clients are handled to the highest standards and everything is known about their corporate PR and marketing communications requirements throughout the year. New Business generation across Russia and Eastern Europe by generating own leads and proposing solutions that lead to maximisation of revenues. To quickly identify decision makers, influencers and “users” within the client base. To maximise use of any research material or tools available in order to generate sales opportunities. Ensure regular contact with clients and prospects on the phone and through meetings. Highly proficient in demonstrating all company services and products at all levels. Always one step ahead in client negotiations by using lateral/creative thinking to out smart and out think the competition. Provide weekly feedback of sales activity including clients wins/losses, competition activity, product feedback etc. Cross sell company products and services by ensuring every client is aware of our Monitoring, Evaluation, IR, Print, Creative Design services and provide quality leads for our team of specialists. You will have: Proven track record of successfully hitting targets and growing client base Experience in building new relationships and hunting new business Experience of working in the Russian and Eastern European marketplace Experience or a keen interest in the media industry Experience in coaching and mentoring Experience in complex, consultative or solution sales to high value accounts Ability to sell across a varied but intrinsically linked product range Demonstrable experience of selling to all levels of personnel both on the phone and face to face Good team player. Self motivated, disciplined and able to remain corporately focused Have the energy and drive to work under pressure to hit tight targets Excellent organisation and timemanagement skills with a high attention to detail Ability to travel regularly. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerRussiaandEasternEurope_job****