Title: Sales Surveyor (Domestic Building Works  Lofts/Extensions/Refurbs)
Webindex: 71850926
Company: Don't Move Extend
Description: We are the leading provider of high quality domestic building services to residential clients throughout South/South West London and Surrey, specialising in Loft Conversions, Extensions and general building alterations/refurbishment. We are looking for a new surveyor to join our expanding team of experienced sales professionals, dealing with prospective clients looking for a reputable local company to manage their mediumlarge scale home extension and improvement needs. The surveyor will be responsible for taking the customer from concept/brief to delivery, providing quotes and estimates and general advice, and being the customer’s main point of contact throughout the process. Candidates must be well presented, have an excellent telephone manner and strong interpersonal and customer service skills, as the role involves regular direct customer contact, often in their own homes. Background knowledge of general domestic planning requirements and good technical domestic construction knowledge are essential, and an understanding of the legislation affecting the building industry (i.e. Building Regulations) would be a great advantage. The successful candidate will have an above average ability to read and understand Planning Drawings and Building regulations Drawings, and, supported by our client‘s administration and quality control team, will be able to liaise between stakeholders at all levels (Customers, Architects, Structural Engineers, Building Control, Build Team Foremen, Local Authorities and Utilities Companies) throughout the process from initial lead to contract completion. A sound working knowledge of Windows, Microsoft Office  Word, Excel, Outlook (or similar) is essential, as well as confidence using PCs and printers, general internet/search, email and attachments. Excellent time management skills are required, along with the ability to efficiently manage diary appointments and prioritise work in a competitive deadline–oriented environment. A current full driving licence is required, and full time use of own vehicle would be preferred, though a company vehicle may be provided for the right candidate. Based in our Teddington office, normal business hours apply Monday to Friday, though candidates must be willing to attend occasional out of hours and weekend appointments when required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesSurveyorDomesticBuildingWorksLoftsExtensionsRefurbs_job****