Title: Sales Area Manager  Cosmetics Industry
Webindex: 69001762
Company: Kerr Recruitment
Description: Sales Area Manager Central London Up to ****  bonus  benefits You will need to have/be: Fully fluent in English Fluency in French and/or Spanish would be an advantage Strong experience as a Sales Manager or Area Manager Industry experience preferably in Beauty, Fashion or Luxury Goods Experience in People Management Team Player, can do attitude, excellent approach to new challenges, enjoy working in a sales field Excellent Communication and Presentation skills as well as Time Management, Organisation, Administration. People person, relationship builder, customer orientated, always seeking to improve products and services. Quick learner, capable of working independently, able to monitor process, progress and results. Able to achieve goals and targets. Proactive and able to anticipate consequences and trends accurately. This role would also include some international and national travel. What you ll do: To proactively manage the Sales in the defined region. Grow the business by increasing turnover and maximizing profitability through existing and new business with appropriate retail partners, department stores or where appropriate through alternative distribution channels. To ensure appropriate training is delivered to customers. Identification and exploitation of new business opportunities. To find new ways to improve sales, and to ensure customer needs are met and that customers understand the essence of the brand in order to drive sell through. Visit major customers ****3 times per year. Administration duties such as Stock Management/Analyses. To Manage **** Sales Coordinator. To achieve and exceed sales targets. To manage relationship with Department Stores and key accounts according to the company strategy. To identifying trends and responding commercially to drive the performance of the department To analyse and interpret trends and sales figures to facilitate planning To respond to customer complaints and comments To maintain awareness of market trends in the industry, understanding forthcoming customer initiatives, and to monitor what local competitors are doing; Actively build relationships with other departments within the business To be aware and strive to deliver the brand message at all times. The company: Our client is an International company within the Cosmetics Industry. Very successful in their field and wellestablished, they benefit from excellent brand awareness and are looking to grow their impact on the Cosmetics market. Please note: If you have not been contacted within 2 working days, unfortunately your application has not been successful on this occasion. We accept spontaneous applications via email do not hesitate to send us your CV (ar kerrrecruitment. co.uk), stating what kind of role you would be looking for. Please do not hesitate to regularly have a look at the Kerr Multilingual Recruitment website (www. kerrmultilingual. com) for an overview of all our vacancies. Are you Fully fluent in English? People Management Experience? Sales Experience within a Fashion/Luxury goods/Beauty environment