Title: Trainee Business Development Executive
Webindex: 71679535
Company: Adecco Group
Description: Our client is a leading supplier of business and office solutions and they are looking for a Trainee Sales Person to join their expanding team. You will be responsible for building and maintaining new and existing business in the Sheffield and the South Yorkshire area. The role will start with a salary of **** and will rise to **** after 3 months. You will be provided with a new company car (Volkswagen Golf type). You will receive full training on building new business on the phone and closing deals in person and you will receive full and ongoing product training. You will maintain databases with new information and update existing contacts. You will work closely with the relevant decision making parties within a business and you will actively build that relationship with them to increase revenue. This is an excellent opportunity to build a quality Sales or Business career. You will be a passionate and dedicated individual with a desire to succeed and boost your income through an excellent commission structure. There will be uncapped commission opportunity and OTE will be in the region of **** You will be provided with a company laptop and mobile phone and you will be working to set timescales and KPIs but you will have a lot of opportunity to run the desk as your own venture so entrepreneurial types are highly sought after. You will be an excellent communicator with great interpersonal skills and the ability to converse at all levels. Ideally you will be experienced in a technical sales environment and you will be able to demonstrate a past record of sales achievements. You will be computer literate with a full and clean driving license and you will be able to work with little supervision and on your own initiative. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeBusinessDevelopmentExecutive_job****