Title: Recruitment Executive Oxford
Webindex: 69995316
Company: Aspire, Achieve, Advance Limited
Description: Aspire Achieve Advance  We are a dynamic, experienced training provider with a focus on the delivery of excellent client service to our customers through quality delivery, responsiveness and partnership. In line with the growth plan and the rollout of new academies, we are now seeking a competent professional to work as a Recruitment Executive on a permanent basis at our academy in Oxford. This post will be most suited to applicants from a Recruitment Consultancy or Sales Associate background looking for a change in career direction. Our most successful Recruitment Executives have developed their employer engagement skills in a fast paced Recruitment/Sales environment. As the Recruitment Executive you will have responsibility for securing employment opportunities and then recruiting suitable learners onto our academy programmes to fill those positions. This will involve working with young people, Connexions, Schools, training providers, other referral sources, and engaging with employers. You will also be required to attend career and networking events as necessary and host Open Events. Having effective coaching skills, you will be required to work with the Apprentices on interview techniques and employability to prepare them for employment. The role will also involve running assessment centres and interviews for applicants that apply to join our programme. The successful applicant will need to have excellent communication skills, be pro active and highly motivated. Strong sales and negotiating skills will be essential when working with employers to secure paid employment opportunities for our Apprentices. Knowledge of the local area and demographics, Apprenticeship frameworks and recruitment processes would be an advantage. You will also need experience in working with young people. You will need to work closely with the Academy Manager and the rest of the team to ensure the learners recruited complete the programme. The ability to 'think outside the box' and develop innovative ways to recruit Apprentices and engage with employers is actively encouraged. All applicants must hold a full clean driving licence and have their own transport. There is a requirement to pass an Enhanced CRB check. This will be paid for by the employer. If you feel you have the skills required for this exciting and challenging role please email your CV along with a cover letter detailing your skills and experience to recruitment****aaa.co.uk Aspire Achieve Advance Ltd is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentExecutiveOxford_job55620142