Title: Finnish or Swedish speaking Technical Consultant
Webindex: 68068589
Company: Language Matters
Description: Our client, a multinational technology company that has seen exceptional growth over recent times, is currently looking for a Finnish or Swedish speaking Technical Consultant. The main responsibility for the suitable candidate would be assisting in closing sales deals by executing on site demonstrations to potential and existing customers. The Finnish or Swedish speaking Technical Consultant will need to have experience in software solution sales and previous work experience in a technical background. An understanding of Microsoft SharePoint is essential for this role as they will be required to supervise implementation of Windows based solutions and present tailored information to the relevant clients. Profile Fluency in Finnish or Swedish plus excellent English language skills Knowledge of Microsoft Sharepoint is desirable Previous experience in presenting and demonstrating a solution based product A solid background and interest in technology is essential Excellent communication skills NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. To apply, please send your CV in Word format to Frank Etman, CVs in any other formats will not be accepted. We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinnishorSwedishspeakingTechnicalConsultant_job****