Title: Showroom Sales/Administrator
Webindex: 72442739
Company: Upgrade Recruitment
Description: A UK based quality furnishing retailer who has been in business for over 40 years are recruiting for a bright and personable individual who can assist with the sales and administration for their London based stores. The successful applicant will be assisting a small team by taking responsibility of sales and administrative duties. A large part of the role includes welcoming visitors to the showroom and consulting with prospective buyers on current lines, dealing with email and telephone enquiries, monitoring the process of dispatch and delivery of goods and the after sales cycle, creating and sending invoices using the inhouse accounts package. Previous experience of working in an administrative role providing customers with a first class service or in a role dealing with people face to face is advantageous. The ideal candidate will have the following attributes; Excellent command of English both written and verbally, The ability to build rapport with colleagues and customer’s, Have a patient and consultative approach to customers, Be at an intermediate level on Microsoft Office (Word, Excel Outlook), Strong organisational and multitasking skills. The working hours are Tuesday  Saturday 9am6pm, (Sat ****/ Sun ****) working 5 days per week. The role is an immediate start as there will be a training period with the current Sales Administrator before they finish. The company offers an excellent starting salary of up to **** depending on experience and there is also the opportunity to earn commission and increase annual earnings. The successful applicant will have the opportunity to be part of a closeknit team in fun and friendly working environment. To apply please forward an updated CV and a covering letter explaining why you are suitable for the role. We regret that due to high volumes of applications we are not able to contact all applicants. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ShowroomSalesAdministrator_job****