Title: German AND Dutch Speaking European Relationship Manager
Webindex: 60117210
Company: Euro London Appointments
Description: Dutch AND German Speaking European Relationship Manager  ****k My client, an independent and privately owned energy consultancy is seeking to recruit a European Relationship Manager with fluent Dutch and German to join their dynamic and energetic team in London. Please note that in order to be considered for this role the candidate will either have energy experience or will come from a complex consultancy/service environment. In this role, main responsibilities will include, • Coordinating the service delivery to energy users across Europe • Managing the retention and development of clients across Europe • Project managing the Operations Analyst • Producing regular training updates on Benelux markets • Traveling to target region to visit new and existing clients • Management of customer relations • Training and product development • Client review management • Client expectation management • New business generation • Maintain and service existing client relationship The successful candidate will speak English, Dutch and German fluently. The candidate will have a commercial background with excellent customer facing skills, account management and sales experience and will also be highly analytical (with knowledge of MS Excel). The ideal candidate will have the capability of identifying high value commercial adjustments, the ability to manage multiple projects successfully and will have excellent closing skills. Experience or knowledge of the energy sector would be highly desirable for this position. The candidate will have some technical/engineering background in order to fully fit the bill and will also be of Graduate calibre (with a technical degree). This is an excellent opportunity to join a dynamic and energetic company  please note we can only consider candidates who are eligible to work in the UK and who fit the criteria mentioned above. If you have the relevant experience and are interested in this opportunity, please contact Michael Classen at Euro London Appointments – m.classeneurolondon.com or **** (****)**** **** **** Thank you for applying to Euro London Appointments, the UK's largest independent language consultancy. We aim to respond as promptly as possible to your application, however, due to the high level of CV's we receive, we are only able to respond to applicants whose profile matches our Clients requirements. To enquire about other vacancies please visit our website at www.eurolondon.com.