Title: Sales Development Manager  Packaging
Webindex: 70677061
Company: FR Europe
Description: North West, M62 corridor, Midlands, Yorkshire c. ****K  incentive, car, pension, health care and life assurance Our client is a whollyowned subsidiary of a leading 6bn global packaging group, winner of the Star Pack Awards on numerous occasions. The subsidiary designs and manufactures a wide range of high end metal packaging products for promotional and gifting applications for the consumer sector, achieving strong visual appeal thanks to constant innovation. The Challenge Reporting to the Regional Sales Manager for the UK and Ireland, this role requires a sales development manager to develop new business in promotional secondary packaging in the consumer sector. A key member of the business development team you will identify target sectors and develop strong partnerships and networks within bluechip accounts to SMEs, initially selling ideas and concepts. You will defend and increase the market share in tinplate packaging. You will lead annual price negotiations and provide market intelligence on competition, price, threats, risks and opportunities. An active member of the supply chain, you will develop a good cooperation with a number of European production plants, ensuring ultimate customer satisfaction. The Candidate Of graduate calibre, you are an experienced business development executive, with previous experience selling concepts and turning them into feasible projects in a long cycle environment. With a particularly creative mindset, you have experience in penetrating unchartered sectors and selling innovative designs, whilst understanding the industrial and commercial implications for the factories. You have the strength of character to generate your own sales and the creative flair to excite your customers with new ideas. You relish challenges and strive to secure new accounts whilst retaining and developing existing ones. A robust selfstarter, you will be a strong team player with excellent communication skills and a flexible working attitude, with a clear ability to influence various stakeholders across the business. This opportunity offers significant scope for ongoing professional development in a wellrespected bluechip organisation. For a rare chance to prove and develop your creative and business development skills with star player, please submit your CV, quoting Ref No. EM6812 and details of your salary package, to: Alexandra Cooper at FR Europe, infonewfreurope.com