Title: GRADUATE/TRAINEE FINANCE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT  GREAT OPPORTUNITY
Webindex: 68063744
Company: Ask Associates
Description: Ask Associates are currently recruiting for a trainee recruitment consultant in the finance sector based in Nottingham. Our client is THE market leader in finance professionals, and with a team of 15 currently in place, with a 100% staff retention rate, they are lookni to add to their existing team with a bright, enthusiastic and sales focused graduate/graduate calibre who is looking to build a long term career in recruitment. Our client has been established for 9 years, and has offices in Key locations throughout the UK. They experienced an 80% growth last year, and want to continue that success by growing their team significantly. They look for candidates who want to work in a fast paced, sales focused environment, but don’t want the high pressure call targets and unachievable targets. In short, they are looking for maturity and people who want to run and service their own desks. Building client relationships is key, as well as effectively matching candidates with the clients. The role of a recruitment consultant requires organisation and being able to think on your feet. You may be interviewing a candidate for a hot role that you have, or going out to visit an existing client that is looking for a new member of the team, or spending your day canvassing into existing clients to maintain the relationship, whatever the job may be, you must have the resilience to complete the task, and the enthusiasm to start it Recruitment is predominately an office based role where you are targeted on matching candidates to clients, no two days are the same, however the role of recruitment is quite basic, and you will find yourself doing the same tasks. This is a sales role and not about helping people. To apply you must be graduate or graduate calibre and want to work in a sales environment (predominately telephone based). You must be enthusiastic, tenacious and driven with good communication skills, want to work to targets and be able to self manage and be in control of your own desk. You must be a team player, yet be competitive ambitious and focused For the right candidate you will be offered a salary up to ****k, 25 days holiday, bank holidays and Xmas off, pension, healthcare, free gym membership, car parking and much more. The interview process will be three stage and include meeting the team and the directors. You will have the opportunity to tell them why you are right for the role. Ask Associates can offer you free help and advice throughout the process to ensure you get the right job for you. We offer interview preparation and de brief and interview training if necessary. Send your CV today and peak to one of our friendly team. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GRADUATETRAINEEFINANCERECRUITMENTCONSULTANTGREATOPPORTUNITY_job****