Title: Membership Advisor  Ewell
Webindex: 71851242
Company: Leisurejobs Executive Search
Description: Membership Advisor  Ewell ****  ****k plus uncapped OTE Join LA fitness  FIA Operator of the Year We are looking for our current and future heroes. We are looking for candidates for the role of Membership Advisor. Pure and simple you need to be driven, ambitious, tenacious and ready to prove yourself and to be the best at what you do. In return we will give you the opportunity to earn FANTASTIC commission, training, development and a clear and concise path to management. Sound good? LA fitness is a leading health and fitness chain with a portfolio of **** clubs nationwide and over a quarter of a million members. There has never been a more exciting time to join our company as we continue to become the employer of choice in the market place. We continue to invest heavily in both our facilities and our team members and are looking for inspirational and passionate characters for our business to help us achieve our goal. Membership Advisors are hugely important and valued parts of our business and are expected to provide our members with solutions to their fitness needs. They are also brand ambassadors and help promote the business to prospective new members, corporate businesses and friends of our members. Exceptional LA team members also have every chance of developing their career towards senior management through our development programmes and nothing gives us more pleasure than seeing our team members move from Membership Advisor to Management. We are looking for highly ambitious and motivated professionals and are keen to talk to passionate people from the hospitality, retail or health and fitness industries. You could also be a graduate and looking to begin your career  what we are looking for is the WILL It is essential that you are passionate about fitness and have fantastic people skills. Also very importantly you must be keen to work in a target driven environment. Benefits include a competitive basic salary, two complimentary memberships, 20 days holiday and a range of benefits If this sounds like the role you have been looking for simply click 'apply now' Due to the huge level of applications we regret that we will only be in contact with those candidates who meet the above criteria This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MembershipAdvisorEwell_job****