Title: Bilingual Technical Sales (English Mandarin)
Webindex: 69001807
Company: AV Jobs
Description: The Opportunity A fantastic opportunity has arisen within our client s company, for a Technical Sales and Account Manager to join their team to grow the Asia Pacific region. You must be bilingual in English and Mandarin. Working in this position you will be interacting directly with customers on a daily basis working within the sales team in order to achieve both sales growth and customer satisfaction with the company products. As a Sales and Account Manager you will be responsible for development of new potential customers, management of some existing customers including handling commercial and technical questions from customers, following up on enquiries, and working with the company s Marketing, Operations, Administration and Engineering teams to provide efficient preand post sales support, and build relationships with new customers. Job Function: Developing customer relationships strategically, addressing minor issues quickly, and developing greater familiarity with accounts Working with other teams to deliver technical and commercial solutions to meet customers short to long term requirements. Responding to customer inquiries, such as providing quotations, providing technical responses and making referrals to our distributors. Sending datasheets, and other technical and marketing materials Supporting development of training material, datasheets, newsletters etc., Clarifying customers order requirements, providing proforma invoices, communicating changes in delivery schedules This is a fantastic opportunity to develop your career within an exciting, challenging and rewarding environment. The role is internally based but there will be some international travel which will increase with your experience in the job. Salary: Circa ****k negotiable  bonuses giving ****k OTE  Benefits: Pension Yours skills, qualities and achievements The ideal candidate for the position will have direct experience of a sales environment and a good knowledge or interest in technology. Good communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to confidently build relationships with colleagues and customers are important in the role. You will have a track record of working in a sales environment where you help develop new business opportunities with new and existing customers, identify and translate customer needs to product requirements, produce quotations and customer proposals, chase back orders and other details of sales management, ideally in an international role. This is an exciting opportunity for an outgoing individual with excellent communications skills to develop their sales career in a profitable growing business with a dynamic organisation. You will ideally have at least **** years in a sales role and 10 years industry experience. An engineering background and/or degree would be a real bonus and you must be bilingual (English & Mandarin) The Organisation Our client is a world leading innovator in computer graphics, video capture and digital display technology. Wellestablished they are now distributing across 5 continents and have end user customers in more than 100 countries  covering multiple industries such as visual media, military, education, security and health care. The Recruiters AV Jobs are specialists in providing a first class recruitment service for professional sales and marketing people, engineers and programmers throughout the UK and EMEA. Our markets include Audio Visual, Technology, Telecoms and Office Equipment. We have an established reputation  with clients and candidates alike  for keeping things simple, straightforward and uncomplicated