Title: B2B Sales Professionals
Webindex: 66887370
Company: Consilium Group
Description: B2B SALES PROFESSIONALS Location: Worcestershire & Warwickshire Salary: ****k  Bonus Scheme (to ****k)  large company benefits (Car Allowance  Pension  PHI) How can use your communication skills, personality and desire to develop a real career in professional sales? Consilium Group is a specialist Engineering and Technical recruitment consultancy looking for people with confidence and a massive determination to succeed. Are you looking for an excellent reward scheme and package, career progression, an effective training programme and an exciting quality driven market leading company? If the answer is yes, Consilium Group could be your answer with the opportunity to become a specialist Recruitment Consultant to enable you to reach your potential. Our culture is based on strong values of quality, trust and honesty plus reward for delivery. We encourage our teams to be self responsible, managing their own time and specialist sector / client base, from two attractive offices, based in the Midlands (Stourport on Severn and Alcester, near Stratford upon Avon). We are now expanding our privately owned, award winning organisation and are looking to employ individuals who wish to develop a successful career in sales. Our ethos is to reward people based on effort and results so if you have the desire to work hard then you can reap the rewards. As a dynamic company at the forefront of our industry with a number of major client accounts in place, a solid track record of growth and an ambitious plan for development over the next three years, we are looking for great people with talent and ambitious career goals. Person Specification: The most successful people in Consilium have a strong work ethic with energy and enthusiasm. We are looking for people with a strong B2B sales background or previous specialist recruitment experience that can add value to our business. A full training and development programme with all your skills to be defined for all individuals to ensure results and the highest level of service to our clients. To make an impact it is essential that you demonstrate that your enthusiasm, confidence, organisational skills, ability to communicate and drive for a positive sales career matches ours. It will be a challenge, but one with significant rewards. Forward your CV to our Sales and Training Manager David Woakes or me for an informal discussion on (Apply online only) or (Apply online only)