Title: Home Based Business Developer  Full or Part Time Basis
Webindex: 71188635
Company: New Opportunities
Description: Are you open minded to the possibility that there is a way for you to have a better future? Would you like to work alongside a privately owned global company in an industry that will allow you to thrive within your own business rather than stay stuck in a job or a financially limited career that barely allows you to survive? Would you like to explore the option of having a business with no risk, high rewards and one which gives you full control over your time and income level? If so we would like to talk to you. Our business is designed to allow motivated individuals and couples to earn what they are truly worth. We provide a professional and easy way to build your own business on a parttime basis working alongside existing commitments or you may decide to build a fulltime role as your income increases. This opportunity is open to everyone and no previous experience or qualifications are necessary as award winning training and support are provided. We work under the umbrella of a very successful recessionproof global organisation. Established for more than ****yrs, trading in over 155 countries in the Health, Wellness Sports sector. We offer and specialise in helping individuals and couples develop their own professional home based business building up, with full training and support, a solid significant secure career income. Some of the many benefits of growing a professional business with our worldwide company are: Extra Income More time and freedom Retirement Income Meet new people Being your own boss To help others A better work/life balance Achieve your potential Career satisfaction Work from home Car Allowance European and International travel opportunities. Accredited at Gold and Champion Standard Investor In People Award, providing the very best training and support A background in Recruitment, HR, Sales, Teaching/Training, Health Care, Alternative Therapies, Veterinary Practice, Accounts, Sports, Business Coaching or SelfEmployment would be useful but not essential as we provide a superb training and support programme meaning you get shown, every step of the way, how to build up a successful professional business with a secure income to the level you choose for yourself. If you are serious about increasing your income capacity, are self motivated, enthusiastic with good communication skills and a great attitude then you may be exactly what we are looking for. If you want to gain control of your life, improve and or alter your current circumstances and you are prepared to do what it takes then contact us now  you will get a call back and, if after a brief initial chat we feel its appropriate, we'll get the ball rolling with relevant information. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HomeBasedBusinessDeveloperFullorPartTimeBasis_job****