Title: Pump Sales Manager
Webindex: 68703282
Company: The Recruitment Solution
Description: Pump Sales Manager (Water Pumps) ****  **** per annum Location  Sedgefield, Cleveland The role The purpose of the sales manager is to drive the sales and marketing strategy, initiate market penetration, income generation and sales activities for the group. To control, develop and performance manage all associated Field Sales personnel and to integrate all product sales activities with Contact Centres, National Accounts and Operations. To be accountable for the achievement of revenue and growth targets for the product group. The ideal Sales Manager must have previous experience managing staff min 5 years Have a hire industry background or similar industry knowledge of pumps or similar equipment essential. Candidate must be willing to travel as will be covering Northern region. Full driving license required. Reporting to the Sales Director, key working relationships will be with other Sales Managers, the National Accounts team, Sales Administrators, Regional Directors and Operations Managers and central support services. Also important will be cooperative liaison with other divisions and crosspromotion of products and services. Essential candidate requirements Experience of managing a range of different sized accounts, from public sector and large or complex corporates to smaller independents. Evidence of ontarget performance, gained both personally and through a sales team, within a direct businesstobusiness sales environment. Knowledge of market sectors relevant to the product range. Experience of managing a team of Field Sales personnel at a regional or national level. High degree of commercial acumen. Strong planning, project management, presentation and communication skills. Literate, numerate and IT – literate (keyboard, data input and interpretation, basic use of Word, Excel, email and internet). Full Driving Licence valid in the UK Nonessential candidate requirements Technical sales management experience in the service sector in a multidepot business. Knowledge of industrial equipment products and applications relevant to the companies range of products and services. Has sold into relevant market sectors and knows the sales region. Certificated competence of IT literacy, e.g. ECDL, Microsoft Office. About the organisation Working hours are generally 40 hours per week MonFri although some out of office hours and weekend work may be involved if customer needs require it. Additional information Additional benefits include company car, phone and laptop. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PumpSalesManager_job****