Title: Senior Sales Consultant London********
Webindex: 67639315
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Senior Sales Consultant  London ****  ****  OTE  BENS Our successful client is a UK leading supplier in telecommunications and IT security solutions with over 20 years experience under their belt. Providing a large portfolio of products and services such as hardware, voice/data/IP, and IT solutions like backup, wireless, WAN, LAN and software solutions. Due to a very successful few years and annually turning over 100 million they are now looking to expand their busy sales team by recruiting for experienced and successful Senior Sales Consultants for the London office. The role of Senior Sales Consultant will include selling across a portfolio of products, services and solutions fully supported by telesales advisors who will book in appointments and create new business opportunities. You will however be expected to generate your own business and territory through lead generation and new business. Roles and duties for the Senior Sales Consultant will include: Calling new s license. Security knowledge / security skills are advantageous, as well as knowledge in any of the following verticals is advantageous; healthcare, local government or education. Understanding of voice services, LAN and WAN is an advantage This is a fantastic opportunity to work for one of the market leaders in this industry. They will provide you with a competitive salary and earning potential, car allowance, lively work environment, incentives, life cover, pension and generous holiday allowance. For more information regarding this role and others like it please email a copy of CV or call Clare Faultless on (Apply online only) Suitable job titles  Internal Sales, Telesales, Sales Executive, IT Telesales, Account Manager, Telemarketing, Telecoms Advisor, Product Manager, Product Specialist, and Sales Consultant. Commutable locations  London, Enfield, Edgware, Harrow, Watford, St Albans, Slough, Hounslow, Battersea, Kingston upon Thames, Croydon, Epsom, Leatherhead, Woking, High Wycombe