Title: Business Development Manager Web Agency
Webindex: 69188286
Company: Greenhill Group Ltd
Description: Leading website design, development and integration company seeks a resourceful and professional Business Development Manager to generate new business. Business Development Manager Web Agency  Suffolk  **** Basic  **** Uncapped OTE  Excellent Benefits  12377MG Our client is a leading company in the website design, development and integration industry. Due to continuous rapid growth, they are looking for a passionate and confident individual to work alongside a successful team in order to target new business in the not for profit and membership sector. You will be responsible for providing unique bespoke solutions and generating new business opportunities. This role offers great opportunities and great rewards, with a range of tasks and responsibilities assigned to it:  Generating new business opportunities by following up on leads and networking with a variety of corporate and not for profit organisations.  Communication through board level presentations, creating and implementing proposals, and responding to tenders.  Opportunities to network and develop contacts at specialist trade events and marketing initiatives. Applicants must have a range of skills and experience in order to make the most of this opportunity. Excellent communication skills and an experienced consultative sales approach are crucial. Applicants should also have:  A proven track record in generating profitable new business and managing existing accounts.  Awareness of the technologies and issues related to website design, development, hosting and integration.  An understanding of content management and customer relationship management solutions.  Commitment to customer satisfaction and effective account management. This role offers a highly competitive salary along with an excellent uncapped bonus scheme and a generous benefits package including 24 days holiday and healthcare. If you feel your skills meet the requirements of this position and you`d like to be considered for the role, apply today. Why not refer a friend for ****? terms and conditions apply Greenhill Group is a Sales and Marketing consultancy that operate within East Anglia. Therefore we will only accept applications from candidates who have permanent residency in the UK. Candidates who do not meet this criteria need not apply. If we do not contact you within one week of your application, unfortunately we are not able to assist you in your search for employment at the present time. Greenhill Group only advertise a small proportion of sales marketing roles on this site. Please take a look at our website or contact us, in confidence, to discuss other opportunities with our experienced sales marketing consultants. Specialties: Sales Recruitment, Sales Executive, Field Sales, External Sales, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Account Manager, Account Executive, Existing Business, Business Development, New Business, Internal Sales, Telesales, Telemarketing, Project Manager, IT sales, Sales Admin, Sales Support, Channel sales, Partner Manager. Product Manager. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerWebAgency_job****