Title: Area Sales Executive  Hire
Webindex: 71339501
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Are you a highly successful sales executive with a Civil Engineering, Construction, Industrial or Rentals background looking for a fresh new challenge? A newly created role with our renowned National Specialist Rentals provider, reporting into the Sales Manager is now being recruited. This is an exciting position for the right person and an excellent opportunity to make a significant impact. This role will develop and execute the sales strategy for local industrial, local authority, utilities and civil engineering markets to drive revenue through customer acquisition and retention in order to achieve development forecasts. This role is strategic to the heart of the growth plans for the region and therefore we are looking for someone who is charismatic, focused and consistent and can bring with them positivity, flair and creativity to succeed. Our client is an established specialist pumps provider, the UK division of a GBP multibillion t/o supplier of specialist rentals equipment in the hire sector. Offering a selection of the most up to date over pumping equipment available, they are renowned nationally as being an excellent service provider. As an Area Sales Executive you will be responsible for managing an established database of clients while bringing in a steady stream of orders from selfsourced customers. Day to day, your role will involve dealing with customer queries across a range of temporary pumping products  upselling where possible  all whilst promoting a first class service. Full training will be provided on the company`s systems and any product ranges with which you are not already familiar. Reporting to the Sales Director in this field based role you will be responsible for effectively generating profitable business and positively marketing our client throughout the North East and Yorkshire. You will also be required to generate new sales from existing customers, and seek out opportunities to widen the company`s client database. Additional Keywords: Regional Sales Executive, Area Sales Representative, Sales Executive, Field Sales Representative, Territory Sales Manager, Business Development, Business Development Manager, Sales Engineer, Sales Representative, Sales, Civil Engineer, Construction, Utilities, plant hire jobs, tool hire jobs.