Title: Sales Professional  Market Leading Retailer
Webindex: 71435043
Company: Triple S Recruitment
Description: This leading UK retailer has enjoyed over 40 years of success and is a market leader in their field. They have recently been purchased by one of the world’s largest and most experienced private equity teams.Their philosophy is to strengthen and grow whilst offering the most satisfying and rewarding careers. It is a fantastic time to join the company as the career progression has never been better.They have seen significant growth over the last few years and are predicting further growth for the next five years, which in the current climate means job security and excellent earning potential. They are currently looking for a Sales Professional to strengthen their team in their already successful store in Huddersfield. You will be a sales driven individual, with bags of personality and enthusiasm.You will be promoting a market leading product to the general public, and your passion for the product will be key.Approaching customers as a Salesperson should be second nature to you and will be your weapon in becoming a leading Assistant Sales Manager in your store. Ideally you will be used to working in a competitive sales environment and our client will reward your hard work and determination with a market leading commission structure. Working every Saturday, Sunday and bank holiday is essential in this retail environment. You should regard taking your time off during the week as an opportunity to increase your earnings and enhance your lifestyle as weekend trading is the busiest period. This company prides itself on providing their people with first class training which is all carried out at their state of the art training facility at their Head Office. If you feel you have what it takes to become a leading Sales Professional within this company we can’t wait to hear from you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesProfessionalMarketLeadingRetailer_job****