Title: Telesales Executive  High Wycombe
Webindex: 68677719
Company: Thomas James Recruitment
Description: Telesales Executive (New Business) 25 days holiday per year. Based from our clients modern offices in Loudwater, High Wycombe. Standard working hours ****  17.30, Monday  Friday. Your daily duties will involve making outbound calls, you’ll put your proven sales expertise and considerable initiative to best use to deliver a solid pipeline of new business prospects selling a 'best of both' print and online solution to recruiters throughout our newspaper geographies. Working on a set geographical area raise the profile of our 'best of both' recruitment proposition, convert lapsed business and acquire new business.Consistently achieve KPI’s including new business revenue target and daily outbound sales call target. Recognise clients online recruitment needs whilst providing appropriate commercial solutions.Provide supporting information (statistics, pricing information, market knowledge) as required to assist in the sales process. Post adverts on Career Builder for clients once sale has been made.Enter accurate client and contact information on Futureproof and ensure efficient use of CRM to manage daily activity and diarise future contact with clients. Gain and expand your knowledge within the print and online market for your specific geography and the national online recruitment marketplace with specific on competitors. You will be selfdriven, resultsorientated with a positive outlook and a clear focus on high quality customer service and business profit. A natural forward planner who critically analyses own performance.Ability to work under pressure and to strict targets. Experience of media, eCommerce and/or the recruitment industry would be particularly helpful.Excellent written and verbal communication skills with ability to understand clients needs and see things from their point of view.Well presented, eloquent and professional. Fluent in PowerPoint, Excel and Word CRM database to basic level, Internet and email. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelesalesExecutiveHighWycombe_job****