Title: Experienced Recruitment Consultants Required
Webindex: 68678065
Company: STR Ltd.
Description: STR is a privately owned, leading recruitment consultancy, established in 2000. We have grown and diversified to our current position supplying temporary, contract and permanent staff across the Technical, Healthcare and Professional sectors. STR has fantastic brand awareness in the market place and a very strong portfolio of clients that includes local, national and international companies. As part of our future business growth plans STR will be extensively expanding all of our teams across the three groups  STR Technical, STR Health and STR Professional Services. We are therefore always keen to hear from Resourcers, Recruiters and Managers with an interest in any of our markets regardless of the level of experience you have. If you are considering a career move now or considering a move in the near future, or if you are just interested to know what STR have to offer simply register your interest with our Internal Recruitment Team in confidence today and we will keep you regularly informed of the roles that meet your requirements. At STR, we have a great atmosphere and our staff enjoy working hard together and celebrating success as a team. We encourage a healthy work/life balance and pro active working environment with modern spacious offices, free parking, recreational activities on site and a regular social calendar for our staff. We are also second to none in the training and development of our staff. With our ongoing internal training program and consistent coaching and mentoring environment, ambitious people can expect rapid career development. In addition to the genuine career prospects, the financial rewards are exceptional  we offer an excellent remuneration package consisting of a competitive basic salary and one of the best commission schemes and benefits packages in the industry. For more information please contact our Internal Recruitment Team on **** **** or email careersstrgroup.co.uk Alternatively, if you know of someone who may be interested in a role with STR, please visit our 'recommend a friend' page and find out about our referral bonuses STR Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExperiencedRecruitmentConsultantsRequired_job****