Title: Service Delivery Account Manager
Webindex: 68028519
Company: C.O.A.L IT Services Ltd
Description: Service Delivery Account Manager A leading provider of customised Corporate Information Solutions seek an Service Delivery Account Manager to manage relationships with customers within the Data Composition Solutions business unit and the Financial Services Operations division. The responsibilities of the Service Delivery Account Manager are: Generate business and opportunity management. To be approachable and the Go To person to communicate efficiently. Visiting clients, continuing relationship and making sure the service is met. Facilitate effective and strategic working relationships with client senior management and internally up to Director level. Actively driving engagement with their client service teams; ensuring communication routes are known and utilised effectively. Consulting with clients to understand their challenges on delivering engaging customer communications. The first point of contact for all service development, opportunity and pre sales conversations requiring support of Data and Composition Solutions. Identifying growth opportunities in existing clients and client services teams. Responsibility for timely and informative communication to clients and client service teams in all elements of account development and new business. Attending client and internal meetings such as strategic reviews and new opportunity discussion. Working proactively to increase revenue and minimise cost. As the Service Delivery Account Manager you will need to have: Preferably relevant industry experience. Experience of working with clients across a broad range of market sectors. Be able to build relationships with new and existing clients. Experience of developing and nurturing client relationships. Experience of managing multiple client accounts in parallel. Experience within a client/customer services environment (public or private sector). Strong team player with an inclusive style to nurture relationships at all levels. Have a positive, engaging personality. Highly persuasive communicator. Training will be provided. Service Delivery Account Manager Luton ****k  ****k  Benefits