Title: Business Development Manager Employer Engagement  ****
Webindex: 72400800
Company: h2 Recruit Ltd
Description: Due to unprecedented growth in 2012 my client is looking for rapid expansion within the Employee Engagement sector. There is a vacancy for a Business Development Manager that will focus on adding leads and companies to the existing database of clients. Due to unprecedented growth in 2012 my client is looking for rapid expansion within the Employee Engagement sector. There is a vacancy for a Business Development Manager that will focus on adding leads and companies to the existing database of clients. Job Title  Business Development Manager Industry &x2013 Employer Engagement Location &x2013 Yorkshire Package  **** The Role As the Business Development Manager you will be reporting to the Sales Director and will be responsible for developing and identifying new business opportunities in the Employer Engagement industry. You will be promoting and selling a range of my client&x2019 s apprenticeship and training programmes. The role will also include making visits to clients in the Yorkshire region. The Company My client has been delivering quality accredited training through a professional service for over 25 years. They offer high quality apprenticeships and workbased training provisions for people who want to develop their career prospects. The Candidate The Business Development Manager will have a minimum of 2 years&x2019 training provider experience in the work based learning sales environment. Any candidates applying will need to be located in the Yorkshire region and must own their own vehicle. It will be expected that the candidate is highly motivated, and be able to work hard to achieve and exceed the sales targets. The Package The company is offering a package of **** basic with a 5% benefit option package and life assurance cover. This is a fantastic chance to be part of a sector that is continually growing and a company that has a strong focus on promotion from within. For more information on this and up to **** other live vacancies please visit our website or call to speak to one of our highly trained consultants. h2 Recruit specialise in all sales positions including Internal Sales Executives, Business Development Executives, Business Development Manager, Sales Manager, Sales Director, Telesales and Account Management roles.