Title: IT Technical Account Manager
Webindex: 72689554
Company: Hays Marketing
Description: Our client is at the forefront of managed services in the UK and Europe. With a network of offices in the UK they support key distributors and end users across of range of key IT brands. Our client provide services to manage entire IT infrastructures from servers and desktops to applications, data and networks. They also help customers throughout the IT investment lifecycle from initial strategy development and technology assessment, through to design, procurement and implementation. Product relationships include HP, Citrix, VMWare, Microsoft, AppSense, Oracle and more. Job Profile Working with specific Managed Service customers, you will take a lead role in the in the strategic and operational delivery of the Managed Service. You will be responsible for the delivery on Managed Service contracts throughout the life of that contract, both at a technical and business level. Your role is to engage with key stakeholders to map out processes and business demand and proactively design, plan and implement appropriate solutions to meet changing stakeholder needs. This role involves the development of strong stakeholder relationships to drive and engage the organisation in adopting bestofbreed services, through the promotion of key solutions. Your background Excellent technical and customer facing skillsCommercially aware, good literacy and numeracyAbility to work independently and flexiblyWillingness to travel extensivelyAbility to adhere to, and design, appropriate technical systems for the continuing management of the customer environmentYou will need experience of selling IT solutions to customers. If you have recognised qualifications from the leading names like HP, VMWare, Oracle and Microsoft this will help support your application. If you have a strong IT sales track record please contact Graham ay Hays todayHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk