Title: Portuguese Sales Executive
Webindex: 68258447
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description:  The identification and pursuit of suitable targets for free trials.  Calls to persuade the said identified targets to take a trial.  On those same calls, identifying which particular services they would best be suited to.  Once the trial has been agreed, after a suitable interval, persuading the trialist to take up a subscription, and indeed the most valuable subscription that they could plausibly be interested in and could afford.  Securing payment of the fees for subscriptions.  In addition, once the sales executive has been here a year, they have to follow up each client who has taken a subscription and ascertain whether they would like to renew the subscription for another year. This would also be an opportunity to see if we can add o PORTUGUESE LANGUAGE SKILL ESSENTIAL  Driven keen to deliver success, as measured by additional trialists and subscriptions.  Proven track record within a sales and/or marketing capacity.  Knowledge of the financial world would be very useful especially selling into trading floors.  Some sophistication is needed as our products are not the equivalent of ``brushes``, nor can they be sold like the Encyclopaedia Britannica.  Preferably educated to degree level, or at least very good A `Levels.  Candidate will need to be comfortable dealing with quite senior people.  Will need a high level of written, verbal and computer skills. My client is one of the leading independent macroeconomic consultancies  with offices now in London, Toronto and Singapore. **** basic salary with a Double OTE. Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/PortugueseSalesExecutive_job****