Title: Sales Account ManagerFine Food
Webindex: 66937697
Company: Randstad Business Support
Description: About Our Client Our client is passionate about food and promote a modern working ethos, which enables a relaxed working environment and strengthens relationships with their clients. This is a progressive business generating a 510% organic growth year on year distributing speciality cheese and fine foods to a variety of customers including, Michelin Star Restaurants, Restaurants, Caf?s, Hotels, Retailers, Football Stadia and more.The right candidate will be adaptable and able to communicate from Chefs up to procurement managers. If this is the role for you, then please read on. Primary responsibilities include, but are not limited to: ? Identify and target list of customers and potential customers, set priorities and increase penetration of that market. ? Plan and manage customer orders into production, warehouse and distribution. ? Maintain and build business with existing customers. ? Respond to customer issues. ? Develop marketing strategy ? Keep abreast of market developments and new ideas. ? Bring through new products with commercial development relevant to market needs. ? Jointly with Purchasing and Production, ensure purchasing and trial kitting are carried out in relation to forecast demand. ? Prepare and agree with the Area Sales Manager a detailed annual budget for sales, gross margins and expenses. ? Review and keep Area Sales Manager informed of likely outcomes. ? Work in conjunction with Customer Service Team. ? Maintain communications with staff. ? Ensure company compliance to regulatory requirements and guidelines for food safety, food hygiene, Good Manufacturing Practice and quality Skills Required: ? New Business experienece ? Proven sales history ? Field sales experienece If this is the role for you then please contact Joanna for more details on **** **** or send your CV This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesAccountManagerFineFood_job****