Title: Sales Executive  Volkswagen (No Industry Exp)
Webindex: 72172675
Description: Sales Executive  Volkswagen Oxford Area **** OTE Inc Car Uncapped How would you like to work for one of the UK's most recognised dealer groups? How would you like to work with Volkswagen? Are you looking for an exceptional career opportunity in car sales but don't think you have the experience? We are keen to speak to all applicants from different commercial backgrounds who have an outgoing personality and a natural desire to succeed. You can expect to earn upwards of **** per year and drive a company car. An unrivalled training and development scheme will help you achieve your goals. Our client is very well respected local business and at the forefront when it comes to people development. You would be given the opportunity to work with one of the worlds best car manufacturers 'Volkswagen' Come and join the revolution No experience in car sales? No problem You do need sales experience but not car sales experience You must have a sales background but we are not looking for current Car Sales Executives for these positions. You will be outgoing, professional posses excellent communication skills and most of all you will have to be able to demonstrate these skills to future employers? These roles will involve working weekends as you would be in the retail sector. Your customer care skills will need to be first class in order to meet this clients needs and again you MUST have a sales background and as such understand the basic theories surrounding sales and sales process We will be running an 'Inertia' Active Recruitment Session with our client for these positions. You will be given the opportunity to showcase your skills in front of a potential employer and at the end of the session structured interviews will take place followed by job offers. These opportunities are rare as most employers look for car sales experience APPLY NOW (Its not often that employers this good will look at candidates without industry experience)