Title: Sweatshop, Store Manager Brighton
Webindex: 68057759
Company: Sweatshop 
Description: Store Management Opportunities Brighton Store Managers up to ****K plus bonus dependent on skills and experience Sweatshop is the largest running retailer in the UK with **** stores across the country; our purpose is ‘to help people be the best that they can be’. As a company we value ground breaking customer service, integrity, teamwork, the welfare of our staff and success. Sweatshop has an exciting opportunity for a Retail Store Manager to join our team to run our Sweatshop store in Brighton. This role will suit those who are motivated by success with proven experience of leading a high performing team and delivering groundbreaking customer service. This is an exciting and challenging role where the successful candidate will be responsible for driving a projected sales turnover of ****K. Candidates will also be good at developing contacts to market to local running communities representing a positive image of Sweatshop. This role requires good leadership skills with the ability to motivate and develop a team ensuring that it provides groundbreaking customer service at all times. The Store Manager will be responsible for: Managing, motivating and leading a sales team of up to **** people. Ensuring that the company values are respected and followed by all staff at all times Achieving or exceeding targets and maximising profitability, assessed by KPI’s. Ensuring the store is merchandised to a consistently high standard Staff development and training to maintain the highest standards of customer service and store presentation. Promotional and marketing the store in the local community Candidates will have a strong retail background and experience of managing a successful retail team. Experience of managing in a sports/running environment is desirable though not essential as full biomechanical and technical training will be given to the successful candidates. If you are passionate about running or keeping fit, if you want to combine this with developing a retail career in a company that will invest in your development, p lease apply with a CV and covering letter to Catherine Rudland  careerssweatshop.co.uk Benefits: Staff discount 25% (subject to company terms and conditions) 28 days holiday (including bank holidays) 33 days after 5 years service (including bank holidays) Enhanced paternity and maternity pay (based on a qualifying period of service) Enhanced company sick pay Childcare vouchers Monthly staff incentives based on targets set This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SweatshopStoreManagerBrighton_job****