Title: Telesales & Design Consultant
Webindex: 70251911
Company: hunt4staff.com
Description: Telesales Design Consultant Join us at Venture UK to become part of a team that is transforming portrait photography in the UK and worldwide. An exciting opportunity has arisen to work as a Telesales Design Consultant at our studio based in Liverpool. As a Telesales and Design Consultant you will be responsible for following established leads (no cold calls) with the aim of converting people’s previously expressed interest into firm portrait session bookings. You will also be responsible for maximising sales in the preview room. Your Role: Calling prospective new clients from various lead sources with a view to booking a portrait session Building a strong and positive rapport with the clients from the initial contact. Using your influencing and communications skills to create an excellent customer understanding of our product and expectations. Effectively maximise all customer diary space through minimising postponements and cancellations. Reporting regularly to the Studio Manager to ensure consistent delivery of the service to our potential customers. Able to sustain an independent energetic work ethic using own initiative. Use audio visual equipment to sell Venture products. Guide purchasing decisions using indepth product knowledge Advise customer on their image selection Identify and recognise buying signals to maximise sales Close sale appropriately and successfully – offer differing payment methods Who we are looking for: Positive, resilient, target driven, relishing the challenges of building new business opportunities. A high level of motivation and enthusiasm. Able to effectively communicate with an excellent telephone manner, expressing ideas clearly and confidently Excellent communication skills, possessing the ability to influence through the effective use of persuasive techniques The ability to cultivate and maintain excellent business relationships with customers This is a great opportunity for the right candidate to join our small, friendly team here in the Liverpool studio and become part of a well established Brand both within the UK and internationally. Candidates must be flexible to work non standard hours. Hunt4Staff is operating as a recruitment advertising partner. As such, every application will be passed directly to our client. As a candidate, you can be confident your application will reach the recruiting decision maker. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelesalesDesignConsultant_job****