Title: Lettings Negotiator for Thriving Estate Agency in Canary Wharf
Webindex: 72445944
Company: Property Match London
Description: Property Match London are looking to hire a hungry and dynamic Lettings Negotiator for an available full time position in their new Canary Wharf Office. Property Match London, a thriving and ambitious Esate Agent in the Canary Wharf area are offering this is great opportunity to someone who is vibrant and full of energy looking to develop existing experience and move towards a management role. The position is a Full Time Permenant position available for a Lettings Negotiator with a proven track record, Customer Focused, Hardworking, Dynamic, Professional, Hungry, Tenacious, Well Spoken Presented with Enthusiam and Serious Ambition. The ideal candidate must also have the following qualities: Can work well as part of a team Be an excellent communicator. Strong negotiating skills. Presentable well organized. Proactive in obtaining new business and building lasting relationships. Have a full UK driving license Positive attitude and an understanding that improvement is always a possibility Can work under pressure and thrive to achieve monthly targets Professional, yet friendly approach to customer service. Local area knowledge and residential lettings experience preferred although not essential. To apply for this position, you will be required to have sales experience and be able to demonstrate your 'deal making' ability and past achievements. Within Property Match London there is plenty of room for progression for the right person of these qualities. The Package:  A steady and reliable Basic starting ****K  10% commission on ALL negotiations  Other Commission Opportunities  Realistic OTE is ****k in the first year  Company car  Self Employed Basis We offer an excellent brand with extremely competitive rates, therefore commission will be easily obtained. If you are passionate about this industry and wish to further your career then please send your CV asap for an immediate interview. Please only apply if you have a full UK driver's license and Estate Agent Experience. Due to an expected high response we regret that we will only be able to respond to applicants selected for interview. Please also ensure you send your CV. We look forward to hearing from you This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LettingsNegotiatorforThrivingEstateAgencyinCanaryWharf_job****