Title: Head Of Hygiene And Cleaning Services
Webindex: 67769514
Description: A leading housing, accomodation and care and support service is looking to appoint a Head of Hygiene and Cleaning Services. The successful applicant will be responsible for overseeing the provision of a highly effective, efficient and competitive cleaning service to all clients, and ensure that the highest standards of cleanliness and hygiene are maintained across the board. A full job description will be given to all successful applicants at interview stage. The role will include:  Management of the cleaning operation whilst considering opportunities for expansion  Financial management and budget control  The set up of a site inspection, quality control and requisite improvements programme  Setting and monitoring of performance targets and indicators  Reporting to senior managers, committees and boards of management as required  Working in line with all relevant guidelines to ensure standards are maintained  Ensuring Service Level Agreements are in place with internal clients  Ensure that food hygiene and safety standards are maintained and that a full Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) or Safer Food Better Business evaluation has been undertaken  To undertake all staff management duties To qualify for this role you will possess:  Suitable cleaning qualification or relevant experience  Suitable management qualification or relevant experience  Knowledge and experience of contract management, financial management and business planning.  Experience of undertaking audits and reviews to maximise service delivery and ensure value for money and good practice.  Excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills.  Demonstrable ability to work to tight deadlines and within resource constraints.  Computer literacy  Ability to manage budgets and run the cleaning operation as a discrete business unit.  Ability to identify business opportunities, prepare business cases and implement growth effectively.  Full driving license You will be required to be a car owner and car driver. To apply for this role or for more information, please email: (url removed) or telephone: (Apply online only). Salary: **** per annum Type: Permanent