Title: Area manager  Ladies Fashion
Webindex: 69601037
Company: AJ Chambers
Description: Area manager  Retail/Ladies fasion Summary To maximise all sales opportunities through the area by leading by example and developing and coaching the Account Managers. Main Responsibilities Retail Sales To discuss retail sales targets for each store with the Account Managers and monitor and analyse weekly / monthly / quarterly retail sales to ensure actual in line with forecasts. Analyse new product sales ensuring all opportunities are being maximised. Analyse and assess productivity. Recruitment To recruit all potential Counter Managers to company methods. To monitor and analyse the effectiveness of all recruitment in line with stability figures, LTO and training figures. To monitor vacancies in line with company objectives. Training and Development Identify and meet training needs on the area liaising with Training Manager where needed for additional training support. Increase Area performance by continually coaching and developing the team of Account Managers. Ensure all team have regular Store Visit forms completed with measurable objectives. Ensure that all Account Managers are following the **** steps. Prepare all for training, ensuring that they all receive pre and post party check lists and forwarding this information onto the training team. Network To build and retain good relationships with our Retailing Partners ensuring that we are all working towards shared goals and best practice and that we maximise their support in the field. New Store Openings Liaise with Marketing to ensure that all new stores are supported. Meet with all New Store Management prior to opening to present the brand, philosophy. Ensure that the New Store Opening Check list is used, when opening new accounts and the critical path is adhered to, with particular emphasis on recruitment. Communication Hold quarterly meetings with Account Managers to ensure that all new processes are implemented. Speak daily to Regional Sales Manager gaining guidance and coaching on dealing with business issues and reflecting on the day’s achievements. Liaise with head office ensuring that people are kept informed of what they need to know. Budget •To ensure that all retail expenditure is in line with budget. Required Competencies Skills / Abilities At least 5 years commercial retail experience Strong People Management Skills General Employment Law Knowledge Good Commercial Awareness Business Acumen IT Skills  Excel Intermediate Works well under pressure and to deadlines Excellent Communication Skills Strong Problem Solving / Analytical Skills Good attention to detail Good Planning Organisation skills Strong Negotiation and Influencing skill Ability to motivate and lead a team Other Characteristics Assertive Confident Calm Flexible to change Ability to challenge High Energy levels Dynamic For more information please apply direct or contact Nicholas Hawkes at AJ Chambers This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreamanagerLadiesFashion_job****