Title: Retail Development Manager  Food Convenience  South Manchester
Webindex: 68677729
Company: Icon Resourcing
Description: My Client: Is one of the largest and most progressive food retailers in the UK with an annual turnover in excess of **** billion. Having delivered substantial market growth over the last 7 years they are now at the forefront of their sector and continuing to expand in the UK and abroad. Due to continued growth and internal promotions we are now recruiting a Retail Development Manager to support the growth of the retail partnership side of their business. The Role: As a Retail Development Manager your role will be responsible for growing the company’s retail business through effective account management and new business development. As a Retail Development Manager you will:  Maximise Cash and Profit by identifying, sourcing and acquiring new customers  Work in conjunction with your Retail Controller and General Manager in your area to develop existing customer accounts and identify new recruit opportunities.  Personally visit all accounts on a weekly basis.  Monitor all activity to ensure contractual obligations are maintained. As a Retail Development Manager you will also:  Drive excellent customer relationships by promoting and introducing customers to improved methods of serving their own customer.  Obtain feedback to ensure service levels are maintained and improved where necessary, delivering customer satisfaction surveys on a quarterly basis.  Ensure all reports are completed accurately and within the required timescales.  Deliver all performance review objectives in line with the business targets. About You:  You will have a minimum of **** year experience with the retail/wholesale environment ideally dealing with retailers in the convenience sector.  You will understand the impact of decisions on the profitability of your organisation  You will be able to proactively sell using a variety of skills to overcome objections.  Give honest and constructive feedback where necessary.  You will have product knowledge in the FMCG sector.  You will prioritise work to ensure that objectives are met The Package A basic salary of up to ****  Car  Bonus  Benefits is on offer to the successful candidate. How To Apply: Please send an update CV to andyiconresourcing.co.uk or call **** 201146 for more information This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RetailDevelopmentManagerFoodConvenienceSouthManchester_job****