Title: French Speaking Export Sales Representative
Webindex: 70255177
Company: French Selection UK
Description: Fluent French Export Sales Representative Russian speaker would also be an advantage, although not essential. Sales , Field Sales, Key Account management, Business Development, Customer service, Negotiating, Salary: **** pa  bonus (10%)  benefits Location: Milton Keynes Commutable from Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire, London, Bedfordshire, Northamptonshire, Warwickshire, etc. Ref: 778MK VIEW JOB DESCRIPTION > APPLY NOW Please visit the French Selection UK website, vacancies section, search job reference: 778MK Applications submitted on our website will come to us in the correct format, which means they will be processed faster more efficiently by our team of consultants. The Company: Successful international company based in the Milton Keynes area, Buckinghamshire The Role:  Reporting to the EMEA Sales Manager, working within a small team, extensively travelling to the territories, including France and Western Europe, Middle East and Russia.  Developing an existing customer base of distributors and endusers.  Identifying and converting new business opportunities.  Providing excellent customer service to the distributors and endusers of the company's equipments.  Managing, training and appointing distributors  Providing customer support and solving problems re. technical issues, installations, etc.  Extensive travelling to Europe, Middle East Russia The Candidate:  Proven track record in export sales, visiting distributors/endusers on the field  Fluent in French English  Russian speaker an advantage, not essential  Practical approach (dealing with technical issues solutions  although candidate doesn't necessarily need technical background)  Comfortable travelling and spending time autonomously in Russia and Middle East countries  flexible selfreliant  Good numerical analytical skills  Excellent communication interpersonal skills This role is NOT based at home. The successful candidate will have to based within easy daily reach of the Milton Keynes offices (relocation to the area would be considered). Salary: ****  bonus (10%)  car allowance  Pension French Selection UK  The leading recruitment consultancy specialising in the placement of French, German, Spanish, Italian and Russian speaking professionals and executives throughout the United Kingdom. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrenchSpeakingExportSalesRepresentative_job****