Title: Sales Operations Supervisor
Webindex: 66600507
Company: Office Angels
Description: Sales Operations Supervisor Responsibilities and Expectations: Act as a first point of contact for customers with any operational queries or problems and ensure that customers receive quality pre and post sales service. Ensure regional sales managers, account managers and order fulfilment representatives are kept abreast of all issues. Ensure orders, shipments and deliveries are executed based on delivery expectations following the company guidelines and meeting customer requirements. Maintain and update the Clients product listings with direct accounts. Maintain accurate and uptodate customer records in database. Validate and analyse sell through data to ensure customers inventory levels are proactively managed and the corresponding sell through trends align with the regional sales managers and account managers goals, and with the company goals and forecast. Establish Collaborative Planning, Forecasting and Replenishment (CPFR) processes with key customers. Create regular scorecard review processes with key customers to compare their performance to other customers, and to compare Clients performance to other vendors. Partner with customers on supply chain initiatives that will improve endtoend performance. Identify cost savings opportunities and implement operational efficiencies where needed. Drive customer request for quote (RFQ) processing from request to order fulfilment. Facilitate and drive to closure customer specific marketing programs and promotions. Audit customer website and retail store product offerings to ensure correct products are listed, with correct images/signage, at current pricing and with sufficient inventory. Maintain weekly competitive pricing analysis. Establish weekly report showing Return Merchandise Authorisation (RMA) metrics; highlight trends by customer and channel. Establish and maintain effective working team relationships with all departments. Possess customercentric skills and ability to communicate effectively with people at all levels of the organisation. Maintain professional internal and external relationships that meet Clients core values. Essential Skills and Experience: Language requirements: Fluent in English German, French, Italian or additional European language skills are a strong benefit Bachelor s Degree or 5 years of experience in Sales Operations/Support, Supply Chain Management, Account Management, or Customer Operations Management Extensive experience working with MS Office Suite; proficient in Excel (creating charts, pivot tables, formula s) Ability to multitask and close enquiries fast and efficiently Enthusiastic and dependable Exceptional written and verbal communication Ability to articulate a point of view and negotiate Ability to work under pressure and to deadlines Exhibit strong organisational skills Ability to prioritise and demonstrate attention to detail and accurate order processing Familiarity with consumer electronics channels Experience with project management Experience with Oracle a plus To Apply please forward your CV and covering letter to Michelle Garrard  (url removed)