Title: BUSINESS SALES MANAGER
Webindex: 68347036
Company: SVC Consultancy Limited
Description: A Small but well established and very successful company is seeking an experienced sales and client account management professional to manage a small team of fairly new brokers (sales and account managers) and ongoing portfolio of clients and businesses to achieve sales. The role will involve working in a hands on capacity within the team and being proactive with leads and interested potential sellers and matching these to prospective buyers and negotiating buying terms and completing the sales. The role heavily focuses on the management of a newly formed team and the Senior Management are really looking or someone with vision and real ideas and focus to move the team forward, the team do not need so much day to day coaching and managing but more long term goals, objectives and plans etc. They are not looking for a team supervisor but the next level of management, someone experienced and that makes things happen and put things into action and has proven experience in this area in a previous role. You would enter the company into an already existing pipeline of sales so they are looking for someone that can learn the role quickly and continue with the sales as well as taking on new clients and finishing prospective buyers. This is a very exciting and very niche industry where a successful Manager will be earning over ****k pa once established and certainly over ****K commission in the first year. This is not a fast paced hard sales environment but one that takes relationship building and long term communications and negotiations to sign off large monetary deals and would not suit a sales person that strives for quick sales every day as some deals can take months to achieve. The role would suit someone with recruitment agency or estate agency experience as the processes are similar. You must have professional experience working with senior people and proven skills in negotiation and client control. You must be articulate and professionally presented. The position will be predominantly office based with occasional site visits and client meetings. You must be very hungry, very driven, committed and hardworking. Life experience and dealing with people at the top (Boards, CEO s etc) would be a big advantage as would be proven experience in dealing with large value sales. MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE ESSENTIAL If you have patience, excellent relationship building skills and enjoy working in a service related industry please contact Michelle at SVC Group now.