Title: National Account Executive  RELOCATE TO BRISTOL
Webindex: 71849268
Company: First Selection
Description: National Account Executive – RELOCATE TO BRISTOL Mobile Marketing ****k basic  Uncapped OTE  Benefits My client is one of the UK’s fastest growing and exciting Mobile propositions and due to company expansion once more they are seeking an experienced, highly creative and unique National Account Executive to work from their head quarters based in Bristol. This role could really suit somebody potentially looking to relocate to the South West as a majority of the position will be based here. This organisation are behind a very successful and award winning mobile discount voucher, and the company has tripled in size in the last year whilst now planning on aggressively growing the business and expanding across Europe. This role is a perfect opportunity for someone from an experienced Digital Sales background who has dealt ideally with International brand level clients to maintain and develop existing and new customers through appropriate propositions and ethical sales methods. We are looking for somebody with real self determination and the ability to effectively present the products features, benefits and values to customers. Candidates without this criteria will not be considered. With its flagship product having had over 2M downloads, we are looking for candidates who are only interested in being involved with such an innovative and progressive company that can help take this product forward in 2013 and beyond. Personal Skills Qualifications Essential:  Experienced in managing International Brand level clients and proven Digital Sales experience  Have the right to work and live in the UK  Must have a full UK driving licence  Must have a passport or equivalent to enable International travel as required. If you feel that this role meets your criteria and you would be keen to apply for this position, then please send your CV to benfirstselection.co.uk or call **** **** for more information. First Selection Sales Recruitment are a wellestablished marketleading Executive Sales Recruitment Company based in Bristol, offering a national service which specialises in Sales Recruitment and Executive Search. We are preferred suppliers to many of the UK’s most dynamic organisations and we always have vacancies at any level including the following: Field Sales, Sales Manager, Head of Sales, Sales Executive, Account Manager, Telesales Executive, Telesales Consultant, Key Account Manager, Business Development Manager, Account Director, Sales Director, Advertising Manager, Sales Representative, Agency Account Manager, Area Sales Manager, Territory Manager, Sales Trainer, Sales Coach and Graduate. You can view all our live vacancies here at www.firstselection.co.uk or call one of our friendly team on **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalAccountExecutiveRELOCATETOBRISTOL_job****