Title: Sales Administrator, Exeter, Motor Trade Job
Webindex: 69162684
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Automotive, Motor Trade Job: Experienced Sales Administrator required in Exeter (Part Time). Salary: **** Per Annum Term: Full Time, Permanent Motor Trade Jobs / Automotive Vacancies: Automotive Part Time Sales Administrator required in Exeter. Our Client, an Automotive Main Dealer, is currently looking to hire an Experienced and Professional Sales Administrator to join their dynamic Sales Department. As a Vehicle Sales Administrator you will have the responsibility for all aspects of the administration within the Sales Department. You will be computer literate and experienced in the use of Kerridge and AFRL. You will be committed to providing excellent customer service and have excellent organisation skills and attention to detail. You will be able to effectively work as part of a team and have excellent communication skills. As an experienced Automotive Sales Administrator you will have experience in completing sales paperwork, supporting the sales team and providing an exceptional level of customer service, as set out by the brands high standards. Involve:  Handling all Sales Administration tasks  Maintaining accurate information on all cars on order or in stock.  Invoicing Our Client is offering a fantastic salary package which will be negotiable dependant on experience. This role is part time and is based in Exeter. Applicants must have a working experience as a Sales Administrator within the motor trade, and experience in the use of Kerridge and AFRL. To apply please send your CV to Carly Stanforth, quoting J****  Sales Administrator, Exeter. Please remember to add your home phone number, mobile number, email address and full address to your CV. If this information is missing it slows down our process and may result in us not being able to contact you. Follow us on Twitter N/A /MotorTradeJobs Perfect Placement UK Ltd is an employment agency acting as such under the Employment Act **** and Employment Agencies Act **** (and amendments). We have many different Motor Trade Jobs available from Service Manager, Service Team Leader, Aftersales Manager, Sales Executive, General Sales Manager, Sales Manager, Business Manager, Sales Admin, Body Shop Manager, Paint Sprayer, Panel Beater, Bodyshop Estimator, Dealer Principal, Motor Mechanic, Service Advisor, Motor Cycle Technicians Mechanics, Vehicle Technician, Light Commercial Vehicle Technicians, HGV Fitters, Trade Parts Representative, Parts Advisor, Parts Manager, Workshop Controller, Fast Fit, Tyre Fitters, Warranty Administrator, Rental Advisor, Car Valetor, Collection Delivery Drivers. WE ARE THE PREMIER AUTOMOTIVE RECRUITMENT AGENCY FOR MOTOR TRADE JOBS IN DEVON TM Lots of Motor Trade Jobs throughout Devon including Appledore, Bideford, Brixham, Clovelly, Dartmouth, East Devon, Exeter, Ilfracombe, Lynmouth, Paignton, Plymouth, South Devon, Sidmouth, Salcombe, Torbay, Torquay, Walking. Call Us Now For Motor Trade Jobs, Working in Automotive Main Car Dealerships such as Mercedes, Audi, BMW, VW, Jaguar, Land Rover, Volvo, Bentley, Saab, Lexus, Toyota, Mazda, Ford, Peugeot, Renault, Citroen, Vauxhall, Nissan and many more. Copyright Perfect Placement UK Limited 2013. The reproduction, transmission or other use of all or any part of this advert to or in any media, without Perfect Placement UK Limited's prior written permission is prohibited and may result in criminal or civil actions. Please contact our office on N/A if you wish to discuss this copyright.