Title: Media Sales Consultant  Print & Online
Webindex: 68056587
Company: Savvy Media Group
Description: Media Sales Consultant  Print Online **** Basic, **** OTE, Healthcare, Pension, Life Assurance, Great Training. Time for a new challenge and the chance to work in a fun environment where getting up in the morning is no longer a chore. Our client are looking for ambitious consultative sales candidates who would like to develop their career and really set out a long term career path. They will invest heavily in you as a sales individual and help you to struive further within the company whether that be into a management role or a different area of the business. Your Profile With over two years outbound B2B telesales experience you will be a proactive, tenacious and self motivated sales professional who has an intelligent approach to sales. A background within media / advertising sales is essential. The Role Holding more than just a conversation with a client, you will be responsible generating enough rapport where you can really have an influence. Driving business leads to SME businesses by selling across these well renowned media products that include print, many new online and digital products as well as voice and mobile offerings. Responsible for acquiring new customers to generate new revenue, through delivery of excellent customer service with the aim of over achieving sales and customer satisfaction targets. The Company Known for recruiting the top performers within the media industry, providing industry renowned sales training to create top performing sales teams. A business that truly rewards employees for results and effort. Apply now and speak with one of our experienced consultants. infosavvyrecruitment.com Did you know: Savvy Media are the only London based agency that have consultants who have worked in recruitment and media prior to joining the team www.savvyrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MediaSalesConsultantPrintOnline_job****