Title: Area Sales Representative  Builders Merchants
Webindex: 68701588
Company: Interior Recruitment
Description: Our client is a leading builders merchants’, with branches throughout the south of England. They are now looking to recruit an Area Sales Representative to promote their brand and develop sales throughout the south, working on behalf of all the branches. We are looking for a highly experienced individual who has a proven track record of selling into the building environment, and has exceptional knowledge of the product database. Ideally, you will be working in a similar position now, or will have had that experience recently. Overall purpose of job: To increase and develop the sales of products from enquiries to quote and to sales orders. Develop our client’s brand name and product portfolio within their market sector. The Customer base will be smaller jobbing builders, loft converters and smaller kitchen/bathroom fitters. Key relationships: Customers Branch Managers Other Branch Staff Suppliers Key responsibilities: To proactively secure new customers in selective branches as directed by Senior Management Target, cultivate and open new accounts, ensuring that they develop profitably To promote the full range of products within the business Complete all required call plans and reports via the Salesforce CRM system Monitor competitor activity and report on this to Branch/Line Managers To respond to customer enquiries and needs within a minimum time delay. To carry out sales procedures accurately punctually. To enhance the company brand name. To get lapsed accounts retrading. Liaise with Internal sales, Branch Managers and Operations Manager on a regular basis. Awareness of and to adhere to the company Health Safety Regulations To acknowledge and work to the ISO 9001:**** Quality Management System. Analyse the market and contribute to the budgeting process Attend meetings as and when required. Request information if in doubt of ability or procedure. To manage and maintain customer/job lists with a view to converting to orders. To take frontline involvement in credit and payment matters between customers and accounts. In return for the above, our client is offering a competitive basic salary, company car, 25 days holiday pa, and an option to join the company’s sharesave, pension, and medical schemes. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaSalesRepresentativeBuildersMerchants_job****