Title: Entry Level Sales Advisor
Webindex: 62005209
Company: Skyline Marketing
Description: LOVE FILMS? SALES ADVISOR NEEDED IMMEDIATE START Are you looking to get started right away? Sick of applying for same old boring jobs? We are looking for people who want to enjoy what they do. Skyline Marketing is the top grossing company in sales and marketing within Birmingham City Centre We have taken on a national entertainment client , so we are seeking selfmotivated individuals who have a passion for progression and growth and seek more than just a normal **** to **** We are looking for our next business partner to help meet the demands of our growing client. Our client has become a leading European film subscription service, combining the benefits of DVD rental by post and, more recently, watching movies online Our company offers:  Business development opportunities  Fun but professional environment  Business advancement for the more ambitious You will need:  Willingness to learn  Enjoy engaging with customers directly face to face  Ability to work in a team  A positive attitude and enthusiasm  An outgoing confident personality EXPERIENCE IS NOT ESSENTIAL as full product training is provided. IMMEDIATE START is an advantage. All earnings are entirely based on performance with average earnings of ******** per week. We specialize in targeting local residences throughout the Birmingham, West Midlands region to gauge their level of interest in our client s products and services. REPLY NOW Email your CV and successful candidates will be contacted by telephone for an appointment. ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE WILLING TO COMMUTE TO THE BIRMINGHAM CENTRE CITY ON A DAILY BASIS. With limited openings we are looking for people who are available immediately. To protect our clients and to help fill openings quickly all applicants who are a non resident will need to show proof that you are legible to legally work in the UK. All applicants not locally based will have their applications rejected. This is a selfemployed opportunity. In an effort to find the right people to represent our clients and help expand our industry, we routinely invite people to spend a full day in the field observing our sales operations. The day is designed to help the decisionmaking process and participants do not receive compensation, but they get a chance to see if the opening is best for them.