Title: RESEARCHER, BOLTON
Webindex: 67896016
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: Researcher, Bolton: Our client is one of the UK s leading Business Sales specialists and advisors to individuals who are looking to sell or acquire a business. They are recruiting for a Researcher to be based in their Head Office in Greater Manchester. THE COMPANY Our client has recently invested heavily in both staff and technology to ensure that their vendor and purchaser clients receive an industry leading service. They are continuing their growth plans for the company and have been developing and expanding their Corporate team. This has created a number of opportunities, specifically within the Research division of this team, based at their Head Office in Bolton, Greater Manchester. THE ROLE The Researcher will provide ontime, high quality, thorough research and analysis in response to specific assignments and business development opportunities, using industry leading business intelligence software. As a Researcher, you will play an instrumental part in this small friendly team, being involved in a range of important client projects and the successful candidate will need to be flexible and driven as well as keen to be part of an imaginative research team. Key to this position will be your ability absorb new information, and keep up to date on industry advancements. You will demonstrate experience of analytical techniques and methodology, with an understanding of databases, spreadsheets and use of Word, Excel and Powerpoint. Full training will be provided SKILLS business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Researcher will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Researching, Research, Corporate, Business