Title: Analytical Consultant
Webindex: 69229714
Company: Hi Calibre Personnel Ltd
Description: Job Title: Analytical Consultant Location: Oxford Salary: ****K****K plus C/A and bonus Our client is seeking Analytic Consultant this role will play a pivotal role in helping clients manage key areas such as pricing, promotions, media and ranging. The Analytic Consulting team works across the client base, as well as with new clients, on a projectbyproject basis to identify opportunities and help clients optimise their performance in these specific areas. A role has arisen within the Analytic Consulting team for an individual to work as a Senior Consultant. This role will focus on delivering high quality modelling projects and take technical responsibility for the successful completion of standard and customised models through the management of a group of modelling analysts. Accountabilities You will contribute to the achievement of AAC revenue targets by managing the effective and timely production of models for clients, ensuring that these meet agreed specification and are fit for purpose, liaising as necessary with AAC Consultants. Undertake specific modelling projects for clients, providing required explanation to ensure the effective use of outputs as appropriate. Develop the technical competency within allocated modelling analysts. Ensure own team's compliance to AAC modelling practices and company quality standards and ensure that best demonstrated practices are shared as appropriate. Maximise the efficient and effective use of resources within the team itself and ensure team members are appropriately trained. Includes providing coaching to ensure they achieve results using appropriate processes and tools. Timely contribution to capacity management processes. The Ideal Candidate will possess: Strong commercial awareness Strong sales acumen Proven successful modelling experience with broad knowledge of our client?s products, services and data. Solid analytical expertise with sound appreciation of commercial issues and a clear understanding of how business modelling can resolve issues Project management skills Demonstrated ability to make sound decisions and resolve problems while ensuring excellent client service Indepth understanding of Market Research Solid proficiency of decision making and problem resolution skills Strong communication skills and fluency in English This is an excellent opportunity to join this expanding organisation.