Title: Graduate Researcher ****k Basic  Exec Search Firm
Webindex: 69815534
Company: GRADUATE FASTTRACK
Description: My client is seeking a researcher to assist in providing a quality executive search service to clients and to be instrumental in building a comprehensive database. The Company My Client has been established to provide search and research services to the insurance industry. Its founder employees comprise one of the most highly regarded and experienced executive search teams in London. There is a high proportion of international work. The company headhunt C Level individuals into some of the most reputable insurance firms in the world. The basis for success is the depth of research and analysis before the headhunt call actually happens. My client has a strong repuation attained by delivering the highest quality research in the context of their executive search assignments but also in building a uniquely comprehensive database of people, companies and markets. The database itself will lead to the company growing into new areas of consultancy, such a forward thinking business in its early development presents one very unique opportunity for one graduate. Responsibilities Executive search is the process of headhunting the highest calibre candidates into executive roles. You will enter as a researcher, mapping out the market on each assignment through extensive research, leaving no stone uncovered. Your research will produce a long list of names, these names will be the most influential executives within the chosen market place. From here the headhunt takes place. Suitable Candiates  A ****:**** Graduate from A Red Brick University  Strong analytical skills  Excellent attention to detail  Articulate, with strong written and oral English  Selfstarter with an outgoing personality  Team player Benefits  Basic Salary of 25 ****k  Discretionary annual bonus  Private health and dental care after 3 months  25 days holiday per year, plus statutory holidays Interested? Apply now with a copy of your CV and one of our consultants will be in touch to go through further details