Title: Office Supplies Field Sales Executive
Webindex: 64032839
Company: Stratec
Description: Office Supplies Field Sales Executive Basic **** to **** negotiable DOE  OTE An excellent opportunity is currently available for an industryexperienced Office Supplies Field Sales Executive to join our client s rapidly expanding business. This role is to cover a sales territory within the Central Belt of Scotland (i.e. Glasgow, Lanarkshire, Stirling, Falkirk, Edinburgh, etc) selling their vast portfolio of Office Supplies products to mostly new, but also some existing, customers. Our client is a supplier of a wide range of quality office supplies products, and due to massive company growth and acquisitions, they are now looking foradditional Field Sales Executives from within their industry and from one of their many competitorsto join their growing sales team. The role demands that you must have field sales experience in the office supplies sector already, as it requires that you should already have extensive industry product knowledge and possible live sales contacts, along with a proven history of sales success and growth in a specific area. Other sales territories across Scotland may also be considered providing that you have the required sales experience within the Office Supplies sales sector. If you meet our strict requirements for this role and would like to apply, please do so through the link provided. Alternatively, you can also send this to brianstratecbusiness.co.uk . A well written detailed CV along with a nongeneric covering letter specific to this role will add significant weight to your application. Please note that due to time restrictions and the very specific client requirements for this role, only the most suitable of applicants will be contacted for this position. Candidates selected will also be subject to reference and dates of employment confirmation check from the very start of the process. Stratec is and operates as a recruitment agency in providing permanent jobseeking services, and as a recruitment business in providing temporary and contract jobseeking services. We specialise in providing Sales Recruitment Staffing services for all businesscritical Internal External sales positions across the UK. We source candidates with a proven track record of sales achievement, and work with clients that can deliver on candidate expectations. We also provide recruitment services for other additional marketing and officebased staffing requirements.