Title: Sales Executive – PR & Marketing Software
Webindex: 69611285
Company: VOCUS EUROPE LTD
Description: As a Sales Executive, in the Small Business team you will be targeting Marketing, PR and communication professionals in the UK and Europe to set up webbased or personal demonstrations of our online marketing software. You will be responsible for qualifying opportunities with key decisionmakers, delivering web demonstrations, proposal writing and closing deals. We are looking for smart, articulate selfstarters with a proven record in telemarketing or telephone sales and a desire to succeed in a focused but fun environment. Successful demonstrations and closed sales are rewarded with a generous commission scheme in a progressive and dynamic environment. Responsibilities: Prospect new potential clients via various strategic initiatives such as cross departmental collaboration with marketing, networking, tradeshows and online research. Develop solid sales pitch strategies that optimise the market potential. Book and deliver client sales demonstrations via Webex, most client meetings will be performed over the phone, and face to face when needed. Customise the solution and package to meet customer requirements Organise quarterly projects to support acquisition strategy and business needs. Responsibility for identifying marketing and industry trends and sharing knowledge internally Develop and expand relationships with clients Escalate, track and resolve client issues and manage expectations both internally and externally with clients from implementation, management and performance. Requirements: BA/BS degree or equivalent experience preferred. Ability to handle fastpaced environments with effective timemanagement skills. Must be able to prioritise and meet deadlines. Experience in telemarketing  telephone sales  appointment making Excellent communication and relationship building skills Understanding of the software industry, including knowledge of the underlying technology, major companies, and research. Comfortable working extensively with sales CRM software, Salesforce.com Strong analytical, written and communication skills