Title: Sales  Telecoms Mobiles Broadband  B2B  Kent
Webindex: 71901319
Company: 16 West Street
Description: Do you have the B2B sales X factor? Do you have an edge? Can you sell B2B Telecoms solutions? Our client is one of the most dynamic and successful Telecoms Company s in the UK As a result of ongoing new business success, they are experiencing continued growth and they have ambitious plans for their future business expansion. They specialise in providing advanced Telecoms, Network Services, Business Broadband and Mobile Phone solutions for businesses and their attractive Telecoms and Broadband product portfolio includes stateoftheart world class manufacturers. As a key part of their expansion and new business drive, our client is keen to further increase the number of Field Sales Executives in the South East London and Kent area. Sales Executives  Telecoms  B2B  Kent South East London area c****k ote in First year (to 40% GP commission paid) HUGE earnings potential In these key, new business to business sales positions, you will be required to attend some prequalified sales appointments (to existing customers) made by the internal Telesales team, demonstrate our Clients superior product range and telecoms service, close sales deals and achieve sales targets. In return, the earning potential will really excite you as will the potential to become Sales Team Leaders In addition, you will also be required to identify new B2B opportunities using your own B2B knowledge, including making some sales appointments of your own. The more you do the more you earn All interested applicants must be able to demonstrate their B2B sales ability, ideally from a Telecoms or related B2B sales environment, although our client will also be interested in ALL successful, direct sales candidates who now seek a new sales challenge with excellent earning potential (no ceiling). It is essential that you are very self motivated, success orientated, money motivated and possess excellent communication skills. Telecoms experience will be advantageous but by no means essential. Sales skills and determination to succeed are prerequisites. Ideal living location is in the Kent South East London area.