Title: Community Builder (Creative Marketing)  Bonza Gaming
Webindex: 66522814
Company: Sportingbet
Description: emarketing, creative, copy, CRM, multi channel Bonza Gaming are a social gambling startup and we are just about to launch our first game. The Bonza Gaming founders are experienced leaders from the social and casino gaming space. We have major financial backing and operational support from Sportingbet, a publicly listed gambling operator and a hypergrowth social gaming company called Plumbee. We are now expanding our marketing team to include a Community Builder who has a way with words, to work with our Acquisition Analyst who loves numbers. The Community Builder will be responsible for developing promotions for and communicating with our customers as well as supporting our customer acquisition efforts with compelling and creative ad copy. Based in our cool offices near the Silicon Roundabout, you will get involved with: **** Developing promotions and communications for our customers a. Understand customer motivations and behaviours b. Develop messaging, promotions and rewards to engage and entertain our customers c. Brief inhouse artist on visual designs for communications d. Use a wide range of channels (ingame notifications, social media messaging, email) to get our message across to customers and fans e. Employ viral and social mechanics to acquire and engage customers f. Talk to individual customers to build relationships and gather customer feedback **** Developing a companywide tone of voice and identity a. Develop a lexicon and distinctive tone of voice b. Ensure quality and consistency across all communications c. Coach customer service agents on tone of voice and customer engagement (will require monthly trips to our Dublinbased customer service centre) d. Support customer acquisition with ad copy and creative advice. We are searching for talented and creative individuals with a journalistic, advertising/digital agency or PR background. This is a great opportunity to leverage such a background into an operational marketing role within social gaming. While the role requires writing, aesthetic and marketing skills, we believe the marketing skills are easier to gain on the job. As our product category and social media are still evolving the role requires openness to change and will offer opportunities to influence how customers perceive the company. The role is very handson in terms of writing and sending communications but also allows autonomous decision making and community building. We're looking for people with a startup attitude: who are highly motivated, energetic, and multitalented; who speak up and have plenty of ideas; who work hard, play hard, and do whatever it takes to get the job done. In return we offer a closeknit team, no Legacy code, a casual and fun atmosphere, and the opportunity to make a real difference. So if you're tired of the same old, come and build the next big thing with us Please send your CV and portfolio (if applicable) to Paul Brown and good luck