Title: International Campaign Sales Manager
Webindex: 71171336
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: International Campaign Sales M ****  ****  Comm As an International Camapign Sales Manager, reporting to the Head of International Advertising Sales, you will be responsible for generating new business opportunities driving, forward our clients international display advertising business. You will be target driven, maximising revenue whilst balancing the imperative of userexperience and overlaying the need for relevancy in advertising communications. You will network across all portfolios accumulating strong client relationships with a confident telesales and face to face sales approach, using Salesforce to track your business progress and document sales activity. With passion and confidence you will collaborate with internal teams to develop effective sales materials for pitches and pitch for business on a regular basis. You will be driven and assertive working with an meticulous attitude to achieve your goals. You will have previous media sales and B2B experience with a proven track record in media sales. If you have the passion and enthusiasm to be part of a vibrant media organisation, than apply now. Key Responsibilities of the an International Campaign Sales Manager include: . Generating new business through maintaining excellent customer relationship management . Developing new advertising clients by investigating the market and being ahead of the competition . Ensuring sales targets are meet accordingly . Proactively developing new ideas and solutions to increase business revenue . Regularly liaising with key contacts and clients in order to generate repeat business . Demonstrating the ability to implement a sales strategy and plan . Demonstrating a strong attention to detail when it comes to account managing all of your clients Qualities we're looking for in the an International Camapign Sales Manager include: . Previous significant media sales experience with excellent presentation skills . Experience of generating new business streams within an advertising environment . A proven track record of successful sales . Excellent communication skills both written and verbal. . Excellent telephone and facetoface sales skills . An excellent team player You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/InternationalCampaignSalesManager_job****