Title: PHP Developer  CMS, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, MySQL
Webindex: 72400413
Company: Preferred IT
Description: A Leading Digital Design agency based in the Southampton area, are recruiting for an enthusiastic and experienced PHP Developer to join their expanding team, working with key clients on new and existing projects. A Leading Digital Design agency based in the Southampton area, are recruiting for an enthusiastic and experienced PHP Developer to join their expanding team, working with key clients on new and existing projects. Reporting to the Head of Development, you will be working with a dedicated and progressive team to help develop, extend, update & support our client websites, including ecommerce and client system integration. Websites are typically developed in Drupal, Wordpress, Magento and other market leading OS platforms. As well as working with the internal team, you will on occasion be involved in client contact for development and update meetings. The successful candidate will need to meet the following skill sets: Requirements: PHP experience (3 &x2013 4 years) both presentation tier and server side &x2013 Use of Drupal 6/**** and Wordpress. Good understanding of MySQL including performance and security. XHTML / CSS as well as HTML5 / CSS3 &x2013 Expert knowledge, ability to write clean semantic markup, SEO best practice and use markup patterns. (3 &x2013 4 years). Javascript &x2013 Good knowledge of DOM traversal and manipulation including crossbrowser event handling and client side design. Social APIs and Web Services. Subversion. Photoshop CS3  CS6 Beneficial: Javascript BackboneJS and NodeJS OO PHP, Frameworks (Zend, Symphony) and Design Patterns Mobile (PhoneGap, IOS &x2013 objective C) Prestashop and Joomla GIT And: Able to communicate well with colleagues and clients from a nontechnical background. Able to work alone and unsupervised or as part of a team Fast learner with ability to quickly understand code written by others Able to work under pressure, managing time and prioritising tasks across multiple projects.