Title: Careers in Media Sales
Webindex: 69540188
Company: 1st Place
Description: Careers in Media Sales. London. ******** basic plus OTE. We are looking for Sales driven Graduates to enter into the exciting world of Media Sales. The determined and ambitious individual will have the opportunity to start a lucrative career within one of the fastest growing and ever changing industries. Our wide range of clients includes companies that span across countries and offer international opportunities, to small startups looking to invest in someone who really wants to bring an individual presence to the table. All are looking for Graduates with strong communication, confidence and an interest in not only media, but commerce as a whole. Working in Central London offers a fast paced lifestyle to go with these fast paced roles. You will liaise with Media Executives and advertising bodies and will sell high impact media services, products and solutions along with excellent customer care, therefore the ability to build rapport is vital. You will need to possess the drive and determination to succeed within this target driven environment, but as such will be richly rewarded. Entrepreneurial spirit is essential as you will have a key role in business development, turning warm calls into high profile clientele. In return, companies of this stature can develop you into a future sales leader through exceptional training programmes delivered by experts in the field. You will also have access to unrivalled opportunities for career progression and an exceptional commission structure. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate:  A Media or Business related degree at **** or above  The ability to listen, learn and adapt your Sales strategy to each client  Exceptional drive and determination  Strong communication skills, along with the confidence to build lasting rapport  A want to be in charge of one s own earnings Send your CV forward for consideration quoting reference ****  ****PGRJB and one of the Resourcing team will be in touch ASAP