Title: Service Delivery Manager, Slough or Swindon
Webindex: 68063452
Company: QA Limited
Description: Apprenticeship Service Delivery Manager, based either Slough/Swindon To work within our Work Based Learning IT Apprenticeship Programme for **** year old learners delivering bespoke Apprenticeship programmes for a leading outsourcing management company. As the Apprenticeship Service Delivery Manager you will take responsibility for planning and managing the development and delivery of QA’s Apprenticeship Programmes; this role will be dedicated to supporting one of QA’s largest customers on a fulltime basis. The successful applicant will need to plan, commission and coordinate these activities to deliver a coherent service to the clients and apprentices. This is expected to include activities such as: Develop an outstanding working relationship with the client, understanding their business needs in order to translate them into the delivery of the Apprenticeship programme. To ensure the consistency and quality of operational and logistical elements of the Apprenticeship programmes. To maintain detailed view of trainer and assessor resources and work with the Head of Programmes on strategic resourcing plans. To work with the Head of Programmes and Subject Matter Experts during presales phase to ensure the programme content and delivery matches client needs and to commission the development of new materials or engaging third party providers as required to meet client needs, To lead the organisation and delivery of enrolment and reviews for each programme. Translating client requirements into training schedules and Individual Learning Plans. Coordinate operational activities to meet client requirements. To manage the cost of delivery for the Apprenticeship programmes within agreed budgets. Work with Head of Quality and Team Leaders to ensure the agreed quality standards are met. Experience required: Experience of managing the delivery of complex training and development programmes, ideally Apprenticeship programmes. Experience of working with large corporate customers. Proven project management and operational delivery experience Knowledge of Apprenticeship programmes, ideally in the Technology or Business Services sectors. Understanding of the various key aspects involved in the development of high quality training programmes. Understanding of project planning and project management techniques, particularly in a fastmoving environment. Required – Project Management and Operational Delivery skills Full driving licence This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceDeliveryManagerSloughorSwindon_job****