Title: Graduate Trainee Corporate Sales Executive ****K OTE
Webindex: 68063015
Company: Meet The Real Me
Description: Graduate Trainee Corporate Sales Executive ****K OTE The Role: This role requires individuals with the communication skills and professionalism to manage large accounts. You should also have real drive and commitment to undertake new business development. Successful candidates will have the chance to work in a lively and fastpaced corporate sales environment. Candidates need to have toptier communication skills, confidence and a keen desire to start a career in sales. You have the chance to work and progress in a marketleading company in their corporate sales team, pitching and selling to top senior managers. The Opportunity: This role is a great entry level role for graduates looking to start their career in an exciting environment, with a competitive OTE and incredible progression prospects. You have the opportunity to work for leader in consultancy and advisory services building membership networks across the world's best organizations. As a graduate entrylevel role, this position comes with fantastic progression prospects for successful candidates; our client has a strong meritocratic culture of rewarding aptitude and effort. Candidates: Successful candidates need to be articulate and very ambitious, enjoy working under pressure and thrive in a fast paced environment. The successful candidates will be confident, enjoy working in teams and be very driven by money and quick progression. This is an entrylevel, graduate position; candidates are not expected to have sales experience however you must be able to demonstrate a keen desire to start your career in sales. If you are: An recent graduate Target driven Articulate Intelligent Eager to work in London Commerciallyaware Proactive and organised Wellpresented Tenacious Send us your CV This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateTraineeCorporateSalesExecutive****KOTE_job****