Title: National Account Manager  M&S, Lidl & Aldi
Webindex: 68681429
Company: Hays
Description: National Account Manager  Marks Spencer, Lidl Aldi Yorkshire Head Office National Travel Basic ****  ****  Car  Benefits This is a National Account Manager job working for a leading provider of chilled food products into the Retail sector, based in Yorkshire. They supply a range of Branded and Own label products into the major multiple retail channels. This is a brand new addition to their team to focus more attention on the Marks Spencer (M S), Lidl Aldi accounts that are growing rapidly for the business. The successful National Account Manager will have full responsibility for maintaining and growing National business within the retail channels, with a particular focus on the Marks Spencer (M S), Lidl Aldi accounts, which are growing rapidly for the business. They thus require candidates to have a good working knowledge of the larger retail sector; previously working within the channel is essential. They are however open to National Account Executive or a Junior National Account Manager looking for a role with more responsibility as well as a National Account Manager with a proven history of delivering results. This role will involve extensive travel and visiting the offices in Yorkshire around twice per week. Key skills and experience  Strong account management experience of the various Retail channels, previous experience of dealing with Marks Spencer (M S), Lidl Aldi accounts would be very beneficial  Experience of selling within the food sector is essential, with further knowledge of the chilled sector being an advantage.  Ideally, you will have experience within both private label and branded goods, however any experienced candidates will be considered.  The ideal candidate will have excellent communication skills and an understanding of the full negotiation process, coupled with the ability to communicate with a range of buyers.  Candidates must have a full UK Driving licence. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced National Account Executive, Business Manager, National Account Manager, Sales Manager to join a company with excellent career progression. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NationalAccountManagerMSLidlAldi_job****