Title: UK ProAudio Salesperson for Theatres & Music
Webindex: 72448750
Company: AV Jobs
Description: The Opportunity This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced ProAudio salesperson to work for a leading manufacturer to develop, implement and execute successful sales and business relationships for the UK Professional Systems Division with particular attention to larger projects and projects deemed Engineered Sound due to their particular attributes. To increase brand exposure and sales within markets where currently there are limited or no sales e.g. Theatres large performance spaces. Your key responsibilities will be to build new relationships and maintain and develop existing relationships with Acoustical and Electro Acoustical Consultants, Sound Designers, Sound Engineers, Front of House Engineers, Venue owners/decision makers and technical managers, Architects, M E Consultants and large Electrical contractors with the view of increasing product and brand exposure, getting our client's products specified and winning projects. To meet and exceed set revenues and sales targets by ensuring that new business is consistently developed and projects won. To establish who is influential and responsible for what, from the professional aspect of projects with Acoustical Consultants and Large Engineered Sound Installation companies and bring these bodies inline with what our client is ultimately striving to achieve with their Engineered Sound Strategy. Ensure a high degree of exposure to products through demonstrations either in reference sites or through working with rental companies conducting demonstrations. Basic salary ****k  30% comms package, car allowance and excellent benefits package. Skills, qualities and experience You will have a minimum of 5 years sales experience in selling ProAudio to endusers particularly Theatres and live Music Venues and have excellent technical understanding of the engineered sound market including possible venues, customers, key players, products and competitors. You will have an existing relationship with venue owners, front of house engineers, sound designers and electro acoustic consultants. You will also have good knowledge of the professional systems market, products and competition, as well as acoustics and electro acoustics. Customer oriented and a great relationship builder, you will have a successful track record in the industry and be looking to work for a market leader who can offer you an excellent career path. The Organisation Our client is a wellestablished and market leading brand who offer high quality audio solutions for businesses and homes. They offer a range of innovative and award winning products and solutions worldwide. The Recruiters AV Jobs are specialists in providing a first class recruitment service for professional sales and marketing people, engineers and programmers throughout the UK and EMEA. Our markets include Audio Visual, Technology, Telecoms and Office Equipment. We have an established reputation  with clients and candidates alike  for keeping things simple, straightforward and uncomplicated This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UKProAudioSalespersonforTheatresMusic_job****