Title: Digital Marketing Business Development Manager
Webindex: 72442930
Company: Marstep
Description: up to ****k basic negotiable (doe) plus very generous uncapped OTE  Fantastic opportunity to join a company that's going places. Established for 5 years , stable, cash rich, award winning company, recession proof products within the digital marketing arena. Selling into any sized business from SME's right up to Blue Chips from any industry. Experience within IT/Technology/Digital Marketing/Software Sales beneficial but not essential as full training on suite of products provided and what's more important is strong sales experience and desire to achieve the uncapped OTE. As a Business Development Manager, you will be responsible for managing both new business sales and existing accounts. This is an exciting opportunity for a confident and selfmotivated individual to join an exciting, fast growing company in one of the fastest growing sectors of the digital marketing industry. You will be provided with warm leads generated from our website, exhibitions, marketing agencies etc. But in order to really earn the big bucks, you will also be expected to proactively selfmarket to generate additional revenue. This really is a product that sells itself, and for a self motivated individual, the sky is the limit You must be a proven high achiever with a strong track record in winning new business, outgoing, confident and willing to roll up your sleeves to play an important part in growing an extraordinary forward thinking company within the business analytics arena. You will be provided with full product training, and the tools that you will need to progress in an extremely financially rewarding professional sales career. The ideal candidate will possess a minimum of 2 years experience in a competitive, target driven sales environment. Ideally this will have been gained in a technology background although all industries will be considered. You must have a proven track record as a high achiever, and be used to working to and exceeding targets. Reporting directly to the Team Manager/Sales Director your responsibilities will include:  Converting warm leads into solid, long term sales. Identifying and developing new sales opportunities from inception through to new business. Self generating leads where necessary to generate new business opportunities. Representing the business at industry events and forums. Managing existing accounts to ensure full client satisfaction, and nurturing new opportunities from these relationships. Closing business opportunities either by conference calls, or in face to face meetings. Managing your own diary to ensure that your time is spent efficiently and cost effectively, to ensure sales are achieved in a timely manner. Regularly producing pipeline and performance reports. Maintaining up to date client contact records within the internal CRM software. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate that they have the following key skills and qualities: Highly motivated self starter and new business hunter. Demonstrable interest, knowledge of modern technology industry, although training on full suite of products will be provided. Proven track record in prospecting to, and negotiating with, clients ranging from small businesses to larger corporate clients. Be a team player, working to ensure the needs of both clients and colleagues are met. Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. The ability to meet targets and deadlines under pressure. A solid ability to gather, understand and use research data Strong attention to detail with an analytical mind. A very quick learner, who is able to think on their feet. This role offers a basic salary up to ****k p/a depending on experience. There is an uncapped commission structure, with on target earnings approaching **** in year one, but a good sales professional can expect a yearly salary well in excess of this in year two onwards. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalMarketingBusinessDevelopmentManager_job****