Title: Supervisor in Nuneaton/Warwickshire area
Webindex: 68700907
Company: Roc Esso
Description: Retail Supervisors required in the Nuneaton/Warwickshire area. ROC UK is a retail subsidiary of Esso Petroleum and operates Snack Shop and 'On the Run' service stations throughout the UK. We currently have vacancies for Supervisors in the Nuneaton, Warwickshire area. This is a Supervisor job with all the trimmings, a chance to develop a successful career in retail management, plenty of training and support to help you achieve your goals  and a fun, fastpaced environment in which to do it all. With a nationwide chain of convenient 'Snack and Shop' and 'On The Run' stores, ROC caters for millions of hungry drivers every year. But, for our people, we offer much more than super friendly service and tasty treats. Whichever format you join, you'll provide the freshest of foods and the friendliest of services. You'll act as a team leader to a dedicated group focused on providing quality customer service, and you'll also be expected to take part in handling cash, banking duties, merchandising, general cleaning and of course delegating for the manager in their absence. You'll already have some supervisory experience. Or perhaps you've worked as a Sales Advisor with some responsibility in leading a team. Whatever your background, this is your chance to crank your career in customer service up a gear. After all, if you have ambition, drive and enthusiasm, there'll be plenty of opportunities to shine  so the chance of career progression is never far away. As a Store Supervisor with ROC, your day will involve • Managing the store operation when the Store Manager is not present • Dealing with the cash procedures on site • Delivering stock and order processes to maintain availability for customers • Championing Health and Safety on site through your own delivery and compliance to company standards • Assisting the store manager in informing and communicating with the store team • Working with instore systems to schedule duties, manage the team, deliver training and demonstrate company values This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SupervisorinNuneatonWarwickshirearea_job****