Title: IT Sales Account Manager ndash; Bradford ndash; pound;****kOTE
Webindex: 67211895
Description: Covering the UK, and offering a range of IT and Telecoms services, this company is growing rapidly. From audio visual systems, to networking, to hardware and software sales, they can offer a broad range of sales opportunities. They are looking to grow their team further at one of their offices in Bradford and consequently seek exceptional IT Sales candidates. You will be generating new sales opportunities on a regular basis in order to help the company grow, and continue to expand your account portfolio. You will be involved in a range of activities that will include both sales and marketing opportunities. The company wants you to be achieving great figures to maximise your earning potential, so will continually support you along the way. Requirements: You will need at least ****/3 years experience working in the IT industry as an Account Manager. Need to be achieving at least ****k GP per month. You will need to be ambitious, with the drive to succeed. Great organisational skills are required. Fantastic interpersonal skills. This is a great opportunity for an Account Manager to develop in to the next stage of their career. Basic salaries range and are dependent upon you level of GP income, and the company pride themselves in their commission structure that they can offer candidates. There is also the opportunity for the chance to have a company car also. Interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please contact me on (Apply online only), or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, for immediate consideration. Commutable Locations  Leeds, Rothwell, Garforth, Wakefield, Normanton, Castleford, Featherstone, Sherburn in Elmet, Pontrefact, Crofton, Walton, Ackworth Moor Top, Knottingley, Tadcaster, Wetherby, York, Knaresborough, Harrogate, Bramhope, Otley, Bramhope, Guiseley, Yeadon, Shipley, Bingley, Ilkley, Bradford, Pudsey, Morley, Batley, Dewsbury, Mirfield, Ossett, Horbury, Huddersfield, Brighouse, Elland, Halifax, Queensbury, Haxby, Strensall, Easingwold, Pocklington, Selby, Howden, Sherbun in Elmet, Wetherby, Knaresborough, Tadcaster, Garforth, Castleford, Ripon, Thirsk, Goole, Harrogate, Knaresborough, Rothwell. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions