Title: Senior Recruitment and Placement Consultant (Financial Services)
Webindex: 66315059
Company: Aspire Recruitment
Description: Work Solutions is one of the North West s largest providers of training, recruitment and employability solutions. They are a not for profit organisation who are tasked with increasing the employability and skills set of local residents to increase their job prospects They operate with large public and private sector organisations providing a range of innovative recruitment and training solutions, whilst working in partnership with the Greater Manchester Chamber of Commerce. Due to continued success and growth the team is now looking to expand and recruit a Recruitment and Placement Consultant who can generate and fill vacancies for Work Solutions Social and Ethical Recruitment Agency Aspire. The successful candidate will be responsible for growing the Financial Services side of the business, as well as the full recruitment lifecycle development which includes the following tasks; Generating and securing new vacancies Proactively developing a sales pipeline via cold calling, client visits and sending out relevant marketing material. Candidate attraction and job matching functions  advertising vacancies, liaising with other internal and external partners, interviewing  face to face and telephone, reference checking and all other associated tasks. Managing a caseload of temporary workers and deal with all queries relating to their placement/appointment. Supporting individuals / companies to ensure sustainability of employment via effective monitoring of progress. Production of regular reports highlighting activity and progress. Maximising potential income from delivery of service. Contributing to the achievement of annually set individual and team targets Ensuring recruitment and employment is undertaken within an appropriate equal opportunities framework The successful candidate will have the following skills and experience; Skills Ability to prioritise and organise workload. Ability to identify opportunities and to be innovative. Good interpersonal skills, particularly an ability to work with and motivate staff, colleagues and peers; Skilled negotiator; Flexible approach to work including willingness to travel, work occasional unsociable hours, work in local communities; Welldeveloped IT skills, including an understanding of computerised management information systems, spreadsheets, diary management, and email. Experience Experience in sales and business development in a business to business environment. Previous recruitment agency experience working in temporary or permanent recruitment Proven track record of developing and maintaining relationships with client companies Experience of dealing with candidates and client companies regarding employment issues. Knowledge Recruitment processes and procedures Employment legislation as applied to recruitment agencies (eligibility to work, AWR Regulations etc) Employment, training and recruitment programmes. Quality standards and systems relevant to employment, training and recruitment programmes. The role will be **** hours a week, based in the Manchester City centre office, with an attractive package of up to ****k  OTE, 24.5 days holiday, company pension scheme and company healthcare scheme. If you are interested in this role please contact Loren on **** directly. Or email at loren.vonsternbergworksolutions.org.uk . I look forward to hearing from you.