Title: Marketing & Distribution Account Manager
Webindex: 71794872
Company: The Hairstyle Professional Ltd
Description: Job Title: Marketing Distribution Account Manager Job Description Revenuefocused B2B and B2C Marketing Distribution Account Manager to be responsible for the development and management of Beauty EMEA distribution channels with a track record of driving revenue and customer growth for SMEs and multinationals; with a strong strategic and operational marketing experience throughout UK, EU and US; to launch of new products, acquiring customers, entering new mar kets, and growing the top line. We are looking for m otivated, energetic, and experienced person who will inspir e teams to deliver high levels of performance. DIFFERENTIATOR: Ability to identify with customer needs and translate them into desirable, highmargin products or services with compelling value propositions. Expertise in growing the client base through systematic execution of online and offline customer acquisition strategies . Location : This position is located in our North London office. Responsibilities:  Grow Ecommerce Distribution Channel Model to provide full geographic and vertical market coverage in EMEA while optimizing effectiveness and profitability.  Develop programs for Distributors and VAR’s (Value added resellers) that encourage competition while minimizing channel conflict.  Develop a VAR program that provides for the scaling of the IMSG business while encouraging investment and commitment from the VAR.  Develop an I ndependent Software Vendor program that provides the Independent S/W Vendor with all the necessary tools to test and certify their vertical market / application software on IMSG products (Ex. Bright pearl , Sage, StealthZONE etc .)  Leverage and be cognizant of the many existing Imation channel partners (Distributors, Dealers, VARs, etc.) so as to further IMSG.  Manage, if necessary, a team of sales professionals, and scale the organization up as revenues justify. Qualifications and experiences :  23 years’ experience as a Manager, at a retail/wholesale company…preferably in the beauty sector.  23 years’ experience in a sales or marketing role at a company in the Beauty market.  Technical aptitude and strong understanding of products and competitive landscape in the Beauty market.  Strong technology skills. You should be able to do complete product demonstrations and credibly discuss technical topics such as data integration, XML APIs, etc  Experience managing people.  Process and task oriented; very organized and diligent in territory/deal management.  Strong leadership skills.  Multi Language speaker Specialties  Customer acquisition positioning strategies  Building new products taking to market  eCommerce revenues, customer journeys, lifetime values, conversions  Building brands, defining/communicating their values/positioning  Maximizing product distribution via partnerships  Maximizing customer value with CRM, retention/upsell  Delivering high ROI on customer acquisition campaigns  Building and inspiring teams to deliver high levels of performance  Experience in marketing, technology, eCommerce, social media, buyer behavior, and driving P L performance. Competencies  Leading Courageously  Creating Alignment  Strategic Thinking  Decisiveness and Judgment  Drive for Results  Creativity and Change Type: Fulltime Experience: MidSenior level Functions: Marketing Management Industries: Consumer Products, Internet, Software Technology, Website maintenance and development; Tanning and beauty products Salary : ********