Title: Sales AdvisorNorth Bristol ****k inc OTE
Webindex: 71686132
Company: Cute Resource Solutions Ltd
Description: Cute Resource Solutions is pleased to be working with an great employer in the Thornbury/Almonsbury area of North Bristol. Our clients have a sizeable office with nearly **** people working for them and specialise in a offering customers a range of financial and insurance products. They have a fantastic record in delivering solutions promptly and professionally, a great team environment and great earning potential. What can they offer you? Our clients can offer you exciting opportunities in full and part time work. Hard work, respect and honesty throughout all aspects of the business will be rewarded. If you want your voice to be heard and opinion to matter, this is the right job for you. Our Clients Benefits include:  Competitive salaries and monthly commission  Childcare vouchers  Support to study for Qualifications  Annual bonus available  Additional holiday for good attendance  Up to 25 days holiday plus bank holidays  Discounts on all our products  Discounts with local businesses  Death in Service Cover  Corporate Gym Membership  Free car parking You need to be a motivated sales person with a passion to succeed. All successful sales candidates are outstanding communicators with a strong desire to hit sales targets to earn commission in crossselling a range of products and converting enquiries into sales, whist providing excellent customer service. Previous Insurance sales experience is not required. Full training will be given however, good experience dealing with customers within a targeted sales environment is essential. Our client needs to be convinced that you are prepared to work to a high standard to help the business to grow, and you are able to sell and motivated to exceed targets. This is a fantastic career opportunity within a progressive company which has a low staff turnover. The Ideal candidate:  Experience in sales, telesales and face to face.  Ability to work under pressure  Able to work towards deadlines  Want a long term career that allows you to progress  Welcomes a challenge and wants to exceed If interested in this position and would like further information on, B2B sales, telesales, field sales, insurance sales please contact Emily at Cute Resource Solutions.