Title: SALES EXECUTIVE, WARWICKSHIRE
Webindex: 71553027
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants Ltd
Description: Sales Executive, Warwickshire. Our client is the Midlands’ leading independent Ford dealer with dealerships across the Midlands, Warwickshire and Northamptonshire and due to expansion and growth of the business, they are looking to recruit for Sales Executives for their showrooms in Coventry and Warwickshire (Rugby, Nuneaton and Warwick). You will be selling Ford vehicles and for the role of Sales Executive we are looking for target driven individuals who have the desire to learn new skills in a dynamic environment. Comprehensive industry leading training will be provided from the outset as our client welcomes people new to the industry. To be a successful Sales Executive you must be ready to put in the effort to achieve and excel targets and will be well rewarded for your success. For this role you will receive: Basic salary and an OTE circa **** pa Company car Contributory pension scheme after a qualifying period If you think you have what it takes to be a successful Sales Executive then we want to hear from you A full clean driving licence is mandatory. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Sales Executive will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full driving licence is essential. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Car Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Consultant, Retail, Motor, Automotive,