Title: Editorial Researcher  leading media information consultancy
Webindex: 72446056
Company: RWI
Description: An excellent opportunity to start your career in media and marketing has just arisen with a leading provider of global media intelligence and information. In this role as Editorial Researcher, you will be responsible for undertaking telephone research to seek out exclusive information and media sales leads, you'll liaise closely with your information sources, as well as clients and you'll also be involved in all aspects of production for this market leading product which serves the media and marketing industry. This position calls for excellent spoken and written English, and a friendly, calm and confident telephone manner. You'll be extensively calling contacts for information so you'll need to be able to build trust and rapport very quickly to ensure you always find out the correct and accurate information you are researching. You’ll need to demonstrate persistence and charm in this role as you’ll be relying on your information sources to furnish you with the details you need for the business. It goes without saying that this role calls for someone with excellent communication skills, and someone who can deal effectively with people at all levels. You'll take responsibility for research of given areas on a daytoday basis and you'll be processing incoming information, and sourcing remaining information. So you'll also need to demonstrate excellent organisation and administrative skills, as well as be a highly effective telephone researcher. As this is a highly competitive industry, this role represents an excellent first opportunity to get your foot in the door. A genuine interest in and knowledge of media and marketing will therefore be very advantageous. This editorial researcher role is based in the company's Soho offices in the centre of London. If you think you have the right skills and aptitude, contact Ruth Woolley, RWI Media, RWI  Recruitment With Integrity This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EditorialResearcherleadingmediainformationconsultancy_job****