Title: Senior Estate Agency Sales Negotiator  Limehouse, East London
Webindex: 72230954
Company: ESTATE AGENCY PROFESSIONALS
Description: Looking for an exciting new role in estate agency? One of our clients is established and successful estate agency company, who have asked us to find an experienced Senior Sales Negotiator to join their team. THE VACANCY Our client is looking for somebody with at least 1 years estate agency experience who can help to develop their business and increase their market share. Anybody without this experience will unfortunately not be considered for this particular vacancy. As well as selling skills, you will need to also have experience of valuing and taking on vendors properties and be able to demonstrate this to our client, as this is part of the expected role. You will also need to have previous experience of successfully running a sales dept and team, including knowledge of the legal aspects of the role, and be able to discuss how these skills could benefit our client. The salary offered will be made up of a basic salary plus commission. As this is a ‘selling’ role, you will naturally be targeted on various aspects of the job and will be expected to achieve these targets. The successful candidate will be of smart appearance, be reasonably well spoken, have good telephone and face to face communication skills and be comfortable working with a PC for email, etc. As with most sales roles, you may be expected to work Saturdays dependent upon the individual company. PACKAGE ON OFFER Basic: **** OTE: **** Benefits: Company Car or Car Allowance VACANCY REQUIREMENTS (do not apply unless all answers are “YES”) 1. Do you have at least 6 months estate agency experience (within the last 4 years)? 2. Do you hold a full UK driving license? **** Are you prepared to work Saturdays? KEY RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE SENIOR SALES NEGOTIATOR  Sell the existing property stock  Value and take on new instructions  Canvas and attract new instructions  Meet personal / branch sales targets SKILLS REQUIRED FOR THE SENIOR SALES NEGOTIATOR The ideal candidate for this role will be able to demonstrate…  Property selling skills  Successful property valuations/listings experience  Selfmotivation  Accurate reporting of figures  Target orientated  Smart appearance with a professional work ethic  Good telephone manner and PC skills ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR THE SENIOR SALES NEGOTIATOR  Full UK Driving Licence  Own car (if no company car on offer)  Availability to work Saturdays/Sundays ABOUT US Estate Agency Professionals is a specialist recruitment agency for the estate agency industry. We’ve been established for nearly 20 years and are regarded as one of the leading recruitment agencies in the industry. We cover the whole of London and the South East of England and our numerous clients include many of the most successful independent and corporate estate agency and property companies. TYPICAL ROLES WE RECEIVE EVERY DAY Residential Branch Managers …. Sales Managers …. Assistant Managers …. Sales Negotiators …. Property Listers …. Lettings Managers …. Lettings Negotiators …. Property Managers …. Block Managers … Lettings Administrators …. Branch Secretaries …. Commercial Negotiators … and a variety of other roles. INTERESTED? If you feel that you’re suitable for the above vacancy, then simply apply for this position right now. Alternatively, if you’re not sure whether this particular vacancy is right for you, but are actively looking for a role within the Estate Agency or Lettings industry, then why not just send us your CV anyway, telling us what you’re looking for. Our consultants are all very friendly, experienced and your enquiry is completely confidential. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorEstateAgencySalesNegotiatorLimehouseEastLondon_job****