Title: Property Sales Professionals / Senior Sales Negotiators
Webindex: 69173154
Company: Express Estate Agency
Description: Who are Express Estate Agents A highly successful, progressive and forward thinking company, we are undertaking massive expansion over the next 18 months. In an industry dominated by poor performance, over promising and under achieving we are breaking the mould and offering an innovative, speedier solution to the traditional Estate Agency approach. We are already successfully selling over **** properties a month across the UK. We are now at the forefront of the industry’s evolution and are looking to expand the business as a result. The Role Property Sales Professional / Senior Sales Negotiator Achievable 1st year OTE of ****k and 2nd year OTE of ****k As a Property Sales Executive you will be solely responsible for managing your own portfolio of properties across the UK with a full spectrum of property values. You will be commercially aware, astute at negotiating offers and fully abreast of the property market across the UK. Our most successful sales executives are selling a house a day on average. Effectively running a business within the business, you will strive for success and are truly in charge of your own commissions. The harder you work your portfolio the more money you can earn. Strong sales and organisational skills are required but full training will be provided to the successful candidate. Responsibilities will include; Effective questioning of all buyers to confirm they are proceedable buyers Arranging viewings at mutually convenient times for vendors and prospective buyers Chasing all viewings the day following the viewing taking place and obtain detailed and relevant feedback Obtain and intelligently negotiate all offers using comparable evidence, onward negotiating, refinancing existing property etc Cross selling of financial services and preferred conveyancing companies Compilation of data for memorandum of sale Intelligently reducing marketing price when necessary Working to strict deadlines whilst maintaining the standards expected by the company Working to both team and individual targets To inspire trust and confidence in clients and buyers Pass nonproceedable buyers to valuation department Assist Team Leaders and Sales Managers where necessary We are looking to more than double in size during 2013/**** As we only promote from within based on merit and potential, management roles are easily in reach for those hungry to progress. Can you afford to miss out on the revolution? APPLY NOW We would consider candidates with experience as; a lettings negotiator, lettings manager, sales negotiator, estate agent, senior sales negotiator, branch manager, marketing advisor, property valuer, surveyor, property consultant, property sales executive, business transfer agent, commercial estate agent, lister, property auction sales or any property related field. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PropertySalesProfessionalsSeniorSalesNegotiators_job****