Title: Business Development Executive  Dunfermline, Fife
Webindex: 68685610
Company: Tribepost Ltd
Description: TribePost Ltd are working on behalf of our client to fill this vacancy. Available vacancy: Business Development Executive This position is based in: Dunfermline, Fife Salary: upto **** plus an attractive commission structure Overview: When employees are happy, engaged and motivated at work, they produce better results, complain less and are more punctual  FACT. Our client offers cuttingedge resources and workshops that help businesses to communicate better, manage stress and ultimately create a happier workplace. Since we featured on Dragons’ Den in 2010 the company has grown substantially and it will be your job as Business Development Executive to build relationships, find business and drive us on to the next level. This vacancy is based in Dunfermline but the successful candidate will be covering the UK with a main focus on the central belt in Scotland and London. Personal Qualities: The successful candidate will be someone who lives and breathes all of our five company values in everything he/she does both inside and out of work, someone who is presentable and definitely someone who fits in with a very creative, enthusiastic and energetic team. You will be responsible for the full sales process including manning the occasional conference stand, demonstrating resources, creating proposals and closing sales with new and existing clients. The market in which you will function is also wide open and will incorporate sales in both private and public sectors and across all business types. Experience: Experience in building business to business relationships, organizing conferences and/or event management would be a great advantage but not necessary to be successful, and a full driving license and car is essential. As John Cleese once said, 'If you want creative workers, give them enough time to play.'  So you will also get involved in our teamday’s, holidays and get those allimportant extra holidays for your birthday and for Christmas shopping This vacancy is being advertised by TribePost Ltd. The services advertised by TribePost Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. This vacancy would be of interest to job seekers searching for the following vacancies: Business Development Executive, Business to business, B2B, Sales Executive This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentExecutiveDunfermlineFife_job****