Title: Business Development Manager Cleaning (London/South East)
Webindex: 72439865
Company: Metzger Search and Selection
Description: URGENT VACANCY A National Facilities Services company who have been established for over 30 years with a turnover of over 30 million with a broad client base delivering cleaning, security and other complimentary services to a very high standard, are now seeking to strengthen their Business Development with the addition of a New Business Development Manager. The role involves New Business within the public and private sectors in London. The main requirements are:  Experience of winning Contract Cleaning contracts in London  Living within **** hour of London  Capable of writing tenders  Proven track record of winning contracts of ****k or above  Understanding of pricing and margin Our client is a growing SME in the support services sector, with a strong presence in cleaning and security. The growth has been achieved in recent years through a combination of organic growth and acquisition and the company has a nationwide network of branches with a varied client base across the public and private sectors. A particular strength of the company is operations and they have excellent environmental credentials. The successful New Business Development Manager will bring a strong business development background in the contract cleaning industry or service sector, which will be biased towards new business. The role is both responding to tenders and day to day activity of building a pipeline. You will be expected to be able to price work and lead a tender process through to closing deals. You will benefit from excellent support in this role and good prospects for the future as the company expands. If you are the New Business Development Manager we are looking for please submit your CV in WORD format. Please note we are not able to accept telephone enquiries, any questions should be included in your covering letter. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerCleaningLondonSouthEast_job****