Title: Telemarketing Executives
Webindex: 71679912
Company: Websense Recruit
Description: The Role: Telemarketing Executives  Permanent  full/part time basis (hours flexible) Salary and Benefits: Up to **** per annum (DOE) plus commission OTE **** The Client: Our client Causeway is the only global software provider that powers the design, build, operation and maintenance of built assets. Duties and Responsibilities: Working as Telemarketing Executive and based in Bourne End: The role will be responsible for providing qualified leads and booking new business opportunities for the Sales team by making outbound calls to cold and warm prospects within our existing database and build new contacts as required. You will also be responsible for maintaining and updating records in the CRM system accurately and carrying out data building activities in order to provide accurate information and support for calling campaigns and to work in CRM (Microsoft Dynamics). Candidate Requirements: Candidates must have excellent communication skills, both written and over the telephone. If you have a positive work ethic with a high level of personal drive and motivation to succeed in a target driven environment and excellent customer focus and relationship management skills then we would love to hear from you. Experience in a similar role is not essential but would be advantageous. This role would ideally suit anyone with tenacity and enthusiasm, including graduates wanting to pursue a career in sales and working mums who are looking for the opportunity to work flexible hours to suit a work life balance. How to progress your application: If you feel this role fits your experience and background then please apply for the role using the 'apply' button. Due to the amount of applications received to our online adverts, our client is only able to contact successful candidates. If you have not received correspondence within 21 days then please assume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. Thank you for reading this advertisement. keywords: telemarketing telesales bourne end marlow high wycombe sales buckinghamshire This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelemarketingExecutives_job****