Title: ACCOUNT MANAGER  QUIRKY DIGITAL AGENCY
Webindex: 66701522
Company: Ultimate Asset
Description: ROLE This is a fantastic Account Manager opportunity that will see you to develop in so many ways it's just unreal. The role on offer will see you working across a stellar list of global brands across entertainment and beverage. You will be a real digital allrounder with strong PM skills, client service skills, strategist, implementor etc. You will be involved in all areas of digital including brand launches, digital strategy, creative delivery, social media, blogger outreach, video content etc. The agency also offers tech consultancy, often auditing its client's whole digital offering (digital assets, drawing suitable insights and delivering recommendations) so if you're a bit of a tekkie then that's no bad thing either. You will also play a leading role in new business pitches. COMPANY My client is a full service agency with a global footprint with the London office focusing on strategy, engagement, creative and analytics. It is an agency that thrives on the smart application of technology, and is increasingly becoming known as lateral thinkers within the UK agency landscape. The people who fit in are enquiring minds, but bring as much to the agency as they expect to absorb. Typically they are very open, gregarious people who have no difficulty whatsoever making clients and colleagues feel at ease. YOU You will need to have all the usual requirements for a top AM position including: Have an expert knowledge of the online marketplace, including display, social, video, search, email and mobile You will be someone that other people enjoy being around An outgoing, selfmotivated and confident personality Have a real passion for digital and be aware of the ever changing opportunities on offer to clients. Impeccable client servicing skills. This is a fantastic opportunity so please get in contact with James Stevenson on **** **** **** I am also on LinkedIn (search for James Stevenson). We currently have a number of other exciting digital opportunities which I would love to chat through with you, all at prominent companies.