Title: Specialist Advisor NCP
Webindex: 72443226
Company: Spring Personnel
Description: Job Description Specialist Adviser  Nursing Care Products 39 Hours Per Week Monday  Friday (8.30am  5.18pm) ****  **** Business Use of Company Transit Van and Mobile Phone Scope The purpose of the role is to represent and promote Clark and Partners and its products / services in care establishments throughout Yorkshire. Relationships and Reporting Lines To develop good working relationships between various company departments in order to ensure a smooth running of the operation as a whole. Responsibilities should be undertaken with reference to, and remaining closely linked with the Sales Manager. Responsibilities This list is designed to give an overview of the role and is not an exhaustive list. The role will require flexibility, but in return will offer variety. The primary function of the Adviser is the promotion of products and also the development of the customer base for Clark and Partners Ltd, Care Trade Division. Handling of client enquiries, developing a comprehensive knowledge of the various products stocked and their uses Responsible for the organisation of the diary relating to sales calls / demonstration visits etc Management and development of customer accounts, primarily Nursing and Residential homes Provide clients with advice on the use and suitability of products for their particular requirement Occasional involvement in shows and exhibitions relating to the Mobility and Age care Division Processing and reporting operational activities including completing the appropriate documentation relating to the role Promote and maintain good working relationships between various company departments in order to ensure a smooth running of the operation as a whole Responsible for the efficient control of nursing care stock and its rotation and storage etc Responsible for recognising opportunities to sell other products and services available from Clark and Partners Ltd Completion of department daily / weekly call sheets and other associated paperwork Measurements of Performance The role will be analysed using specific set individual / team targets and commission. You will be expected to respond to these targets when / if not met. Targets may be made up of a combination of sales, activities or profit margins. Spring Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Spring Group plc is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Posting Time This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SpecialistAdvisorNCP_job****