Title: Senior Sales Executive  Brighton/Field Based
Webindex: 72443839
Company: HEALTHCARE AT HOME LTD
Description: Reporting to and working closely with the Sales and Marketing Manager, the role of the Sciensus Sales Executive is to support the company in meeting its revenue target by generating leads and securing sales for Sciensus Health Informatics services, in particular Consultancy services such as Adherence and Persistence study work. This will be achieved through initiating and managing good customer relationships, and the sales interface to develop proposals, through direct sales, including cold calling with new and existing customer groups, in coordination with internal stakeholders. Responsibilities Include:  Securing new business wins in order to achieve and exceed agreed sales revenue targets  Follow up on existing leads in a timely manner  Generating new leads from direct mail, cold calling and capitalising on opportunities generated through marketing campaigns  Proposal development  Pitching to clients  Maintaining accurate records regarding opportunity pipeline and customer contacts  Ensuring customer satisfaction beyond the 'win’  It is expected that a significant proportion of time will be spent in the field with clients. Experience:  Ideally the selling of health informatics / information services to the NHS, healthcare and pharmaceutical industries  Key Account Management in pharmaceutical sales  B2B selling  Proposal development  Pitching for and winning business at the ********k level Personal Skills Qualities: To be successful in this role you will need a proven sales track record ideally to, or with the pharmaceutical industry. You will need to demonstrate an understanding of the pharmaceutical client, the NHS and healthcare economies. Good IT skills are essential. You will need to be of a competitive nature with the desire to meet and exceed sales targets in a complex and very competitive environment. Excellent communication skills and exceptional interpersonal skills are required in order to quickly build and maintain key customer relationships. You should be a dynamic individual who recognises and develops business opportunities, with excellent business planning and organisational skills. Ability to assimilate clinical and technical information quickly and communicate this information to others in a clear and appropriate manner. A good understanding of the use of Adherence and Persistence studies, what they mean and how they can impact marketing strategies Knowledge of database use in healthcare industry and their value / benefit to patient management is desirable. Action focused, resilient, selfmotivated, flexible and results orientated. Must be happy to travel to and from client sites where required across the UK and possibly Europe or other client destinations as needed. Key Competencies :  Planning and Organising  Delivering Excellent Customer Service  Relationship Management  Decision making  Problem Solving  Embracing Change  Initiative and Innovation  Developing people/Self Development  Delivering Results  Team Work and Leadership Education  Degree or Equivalent in the Life Sciences  ABPI Code of Practice knowledge and exam Sciensus, founded in **** are a health informatics organisation that regularly works with partners across the pharmaceutical industry, NHS and academia. All of our products/services aim to benefit patient health outcomes, maximise market access, provide commercial return on investment and increase the understanding of health related information to support decision making. These objectives are achieved through improved understanding, analysis and delivery of health information and technology, the cornerstones of Health Informatics. Within Sciensus, there are two business units working synergistically together. Sciensus offers health informatics consultancy services, business intelligence through data analysis, advice and project management expertise to our clients. Whilst, Sciensus Clinical creates and maintains clinical and patient management services, capitalising on the importance that the modern healthcare environment places on real world, longitudinal data collection and reporting. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSalesExecutiveBrightonFieldBased_job****