Title: Product and Application Manager
Webindex: 71852485
Company: Newman Stewart
Description: Product and Application Manager (Convenience Foods) ****  ****k  Bonus  Benefits UK Based Newman Stewart is a privately owned national and international recruitment company providing Executive Search, Management Selection and Psychometric Assessment Services to its clients nationally and internationally. Our client is a global technology company offering professional solutions to the weighing, information and food service technology industry. It employs several thousand people globally. Essentially it supplies weighing products and systems to a diverse customer base globally. As a result of their strategic growth they are seeking a proactive  Product and Applications Manager to join their business. Reporting to the Sales Manager for Industrial Solutions, it will be your role to assist with and drive UK industrial sales from enquiry to implementation, providing technical support to the UK Sales team on the full range of industrial products with convenience food opportunities. This will include assisting with Hardware and Software specification on specific project work, liaising with Head Office to keep abreast of all technology developments and taking responsibility for a number of assigned Key Accounts in the convenience foods sector. With a formal engineering qualification in Electronics and or Software, it is likely you have at least 2 years experience in a similar role and have a commercial awareness across the sales process. With strong interpersonal skills you communicate with a range of audiences effectively and work as part of the team to achieve a common goal. Critically you will be able to demonstrate where and how you have been able to build and develop excellent relationships with your clients. This is an exceptional opportunity in an exceptional business where you will be challenged. It is expected that the successful applicant/ candidate will have the desire to develop this opportunity to its fullest extent and bring to bear their experiences to do so. In the first instance all applications should be made to john.tilbrooknewmanstewart.co.uk in MS Word format indicating your current salary or package. Or for a confidential call in the first instance please contact John Tilbrook on **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductandApplicationManager_job****