Title: Business Development Sales Executive
Webindex: 68060867
Company: Act Recruit
Description: Our client is one of the UK’s most successful Soft Signage, Marketing Display Fabric Printers. In the UK the company is one of the leading suppliers of fabric POS to the Event, Construction, Hospitality and Automotive sectors.The Company is part one of Europe’s leading producers delivering highly competitive solutions for clients through a low cost, high quality supply chain. They have Digital and Screen Printing facilities across Europe and in the Far East. Business Development Sales Executive  **** per annum (OTE ****)  Company Car, Mobile and Laptop  Based in Leeds with UK Travel Main Duties Our client is seeking an ambitious, tenacious new business sales person. You will be used to delivering results and operating to high call and appointment levels. You will be selfdriven, resultsoriented with a positive professional outlook. Ideally you will have experience in print or soft signage. The role is a mixture of Field and Telephone Sales and you will be expected to create your own business plan within specific targeted areas. On office days you will be expected to deliver high levels of prospecting and be able to effectively sell the benefits of the company to prospective customers. On field days you will be expected to sell at all levels of organisations and have strong presentation and negotiation skills. You will be supported by an experienced quote/sales support assistant to allow you to maximise selling efficiency. The Ideal Candidate This is a B2B sales role, experience in selling to Marketing Departments in Breweries; House Builders; Automotive; Public Sector; Advertising Agencies or Print Management Companies would be a distinct advantage. APPLY NOW If you feel you are the right person for this role, please respond to this advertisement straight away. You will be directed to the Act Recruit website to complete your application. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentSalesExecutive_job****