Title: Telesales/Telemarketing/Business Development  Northampton
Webindex: 71669269
Company: Results Global
Description: Company: The UK’s leading provider of advanced B2B telemarketing and outsourced business development solutions to the construction, built environment and industrial markets. Established in 1989, ours is a family owned and managed business built on quality service and strong client relationships  We are committed to the growth of the business, the people within it and the clients we represent. The Role: An excellent opportunity has arisen for someone looking to build a career This is a forward thinking, vibrant and growing organisation. Due to natural growth and the evolving nature of our business we are looking to add to our team of Account Managers. In this role you will be responsible for; Complete understanding of client’s background, products services, target market sectors, competition, culture values and internal structure. In depth understanding of our remit and the strategy aligned to meeting client objectives. Total understanding and adherence to project processes put in place. Effectively professionally delivering our business development service on behalf of the client over the telephone. Professional representation of client at all times. Quality outbound calls on behalf of clients incorporating effective opening closing techniques to enable business intelligence extraction with a view to recognising and/or creating new business opportunity. Effective positioning of clients core value proposition enabling quality relevant dialogue with prospects. Effective information input organised management of database, facilitating structured targeting. Accurate logging of business intelligence and objectives for future calls to enable pipeline management. Efficient time management. Ongoing knowledge development of Construction Building Services industry and subsequent supply chains to enable better performance. Ongoing development of telephone sales and other business development related skills. The Person: No specific experience or previous exposure to the sectors we represent is required, just the desire to be successful and the ability to communicate effectively. To be considered for this opportunity candidates will need to demonstrate the following: Motivated to succeed with a strong work ethic Excellent retention of new information Excellent verbal communication skills Good written communication skills Effective questioning skills Qualification skills Effective closing abilities Ability to think on your feet Organisation Time management Initiative Desire Motivation Drive Attitude Adaptability Flexibility Customer service skills Strong Keyboard skills (minimum of **** words per minute) Computer Literate on MS Word, Internet and Email Access to own transport This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TelesalesTelemarketingBusinessDevelopmentNorthampton_job****