Title: Internal Sales Executive  Construction / Commercial
Webindex: 68545249
Company: Accord Management Services Limited
Description: Opportunity for an ambitious sales executive to join a dynamic and expanding renewable energy organisation. You will target commercial organisations and building contractors in order to make qualified appointments for the business development team. This is a career role, you will be trained within an exciting industry and have to opportunity to develop the role into a field based sales role. SALARY ******** basic OTE **** LOCATION: Internally based, ideally living Maidstone, Tonbridge, Rochester, West Malling, Sevenoaks, Snodland, Ashford. Opportunity for an ambitious sales executive to join a dynamic and expanding renewable energy organisation. You will target commercial organisations and building contractors in order to make qualified appointments for the business development team. This is a career role, you will be trained within an exciting industry and have to opportunity to develop the role into a field based sales role. This role involves liaising with the field sales executives and working proactively to seek out new projects, then following these through to their conclusions or to tenders being awarded. You will be an experienced internal sales executive / telesales executive. You will have a proven track record of influencing and winning new business in a competitive market place and possess excellent reporting and administrative skills allowing market analysis where required. This is an exciting time to join this buzzing and expanding company in the renewable energy market place. Products supplied and installed are PV electrical solar panels and solar hot water systems and renewable energy systems. We are looking for a strong character with an excellent work ethic to work as part of a busy expanding sales team looking to grow its market share. This could be your next career move for an internal sales executive / telesales executive who is hungry and determined and looking for the opportunity to pursue a focussed sales career. Contact: Ruth Cobb on **** **** ELIGIBILITY All vacancies advertised are based in the UK. It is unlawful to employ a person who does not have permission to live and work in the UK and we will therefore only consider applications from candidates who are eligible to work in the EU. Accord Management Services are UK based Sales Recruitment specialists, placing experienced sales professionals across all industry sectors. The services Accord provides are those of an employment agency.