Title: Director of Solution Sales
Webindex: 68714507
Company: Michael Page Sales
Description: Working as a Director of Solution Sales within the Business Information space, based in London you will be responsible for driving New business within corporate clients. The role will have the following responsibilities:  Achieve personal Sales targets  Establishing executivelevel credibility through a deep understanding of industry issues and an expertise in the solution offering.  Developing new business opportunities through cold calling, networking, existing relationships, and references to develop a strong pipeline of strategic professional services and addon license sales.  Providing leadership to colleagues on the Professional Services solutions through the selling process and delivery of customerspecific solutions.  Astute solution To be successful in this role you will have the following skill set:  Experience selling Professional Services (Data Solutions and Application Services)  build, propose, negotiate and close solutions. Knowledge of data solutions required.  Demonstrated success in developing CXOlevel relationships in a similar environment.  High level of comfort with a technologydriven, fastpaced environment that requires ability to quickly synthesize multiple sources of data.  Proven track record of overachievement working in or selling to the defined industry vertical.  Experience managing a complex sales process.  Boardlevel presence and ability to build strong trust and credibility. bul Our client is a leading business information company. Basic up to ****  OTE  Benefits Your application will be reviewed by Michael Page. Please be aware we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. Where specific UK qualifications are required we will take into account overseas equivalents. Michael Page is a world leading recruitment consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DirectorofSolutionSales_job****