Title: Product Sales Manager  Chemicals
Webindex: 72695871
Company: Thorn Baker Ltd   Chesterfield Commercial
Description: Product Sales Manager  Chemicals Southern Region ****  Working for an international distributor of chemicals, we have an exciting and rare opportunity to join a progressive and extremely successful company for an experienced Product Sales Manager. Working from home, you will structure your week, with a mixture of new business generation and account management. You will have a portfolio of existing clients, to manage and progress and a wide geographical scope to develop new business for the company. Account Management duties will include   Maintaining regular and productive contact with existing customers.  Developing good working relationships and build awareness amongst new customers.  Process customer orders and provide admin back up to internal sales coordinators as and when required and to provide holiday cover for ISC s.  Liaise with the business manager to ensure that new products and supporting technical data is provided in line with customer expectations.  To regularly forecast customer demands and advise depot personnel so that appropriate stocks are available to meet customer demands. New business development will include   Proactively identifying and contacting potential new customers using multi resources such as company records, internet, and directories  Collect and collate relevant information from customers.  Submit quotations to customers and follow up to gain orders. Other responsibilities will include, producing monthly and quarterly sales reports and delivering presentations to the board. What are we looking for? A person who is  Effective at building working relationships with both technical and commercial contacts within the appropriate sectors. Experienced negotiator Operates well as part of a multi functional team Proactive determined approach to business Good presentation skills. A candidate with experience of working within chemicals and solvents is essential. The role will involve travelling within the southern region of the UK, candidates based Basingstoke, Guildford,Sloughand surrounding areas would be ideal. A competitive salary is offered, along with company car, laptop and a generous profit share bonus scheme. If you feel your skills match well to the above criteria, please forward through your CV today