Title: Sales Assistant – No Experience Necessary
Webindex: 70623687
Company: Retro Consulting
Description: Multimedia Sales Assistant – No Experience Necessary Retro Consulting is a young dynamic company looking for people with a passion for sales and a desire for professional development. Retro Consulting is an ambitious company, with a view to expand our model into Europe in the coming months, so we’re seeking enthusiastic candidates to help facilitate this growth and become the future of our organisation. Our primary client is the UK and Europe’s leading provider of film and game rental services through the post and digital streaming. We want to help them increase their market share in the Nottinghamshire area, so we have multiple openings and are looking to grow ASAP No experience is necessary, but you’ll need to be **** years of age and eligible to work in the UK. At Retro Consulting our number one priority is our people. We understand that to continue to deliver first class sales and marketing campaigns for our clients and represent them to the highest degree possible, we require individuals that are, or have the potential to become very well informed and well rounded. As a means of continuing both personal and professional development we hold daily producttraining workshops and ongoing guidance and support to each individual, as each person’s own performance and results contribute to the overall success of our business. By tailoring each acquisition to the customer’s need and providing world class customer service, Retro Consulting provide incredibly effective results to our clients whilst safeguarding and enhancing their brand’s image. We target local residences facetoface to offer their service. Growth and earnings are based on your individual sales results, so the more you put in, the more you get out. Multimedia Sales Assistant Requirements: You’ll need to be over 18 due to the independent nature of the openings and eligible to work in the UK Film or Video Game knowledge is helpful, but not required (product training is offered) Full time availability is preferred Smart dress and a professional attitude are encouraged because we meet with customers facetoface Must be able to work independently and within a team environment Sales presentations are delivered via Apple iPad, thus experience in using one is helpful SEND YOUR CV TODAY  We have multiple spots to fill, but we've already begun the selection process Please send your CV to Simon through the online application process. We aim to contact successful applicants within **** working days via email or phone (so please be sure to include your current contact details). We will be inviting selected applicants to spend a full, unearned day observing someone in the field before a final decision is reached. You’ll be observing rather than taking an active role in the sales process, which means you will not be entitled to compensation. This helps us both make a more educated decision about your ability to represent our client. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesAssistantNoExperienceNecessary_job****