Title: Branch Manager  LEADING AWARD WINNING UK ESTATE
Webindex: 69002016
Company: Connells Group
Description: ARE YOU AN ESTATE AGENT STUCK IN A RUT? DO YOU WANT TO GET YOUR ESTATE AGENCY CAREER MOVING? DO YOU WANT TO BE PART OF AN AWARD WINNING NATIONAL ESTATE AGENCY GROUP? If YOU answered YES to the above then we really want to talk to you CONNELLS GROUP are part of one of the UK s leading Estate Agency groups being part of the Connells Group inc. with over **** High Street Branches in the UK. We are looking to recruit an experienced and ambitious Branch Manager for our Kenilworth branch. If you are working as a Estate Agency Branch Manager, you are results driven, enthusiastic and selfmotivated then this could be the job for you although we will consider candidates who are Senior Sales Negotiators as well who can show us they have what it takes to lead a successful branch Your Estate Agency Manager duties will include: To develop and implement a business plan to optimise every business opportunity for the company through the sale of secondhand homes, new homes, conveyancing and mortgage related products. Recruit, induct, lead and develop a professional and effective sales and administrative team through onthejob coaching and regular performance reviews. Adopt a positive and motivational approach to engender a culture of professional behavior and customer care at all times You must have a proven track record as a successful Estate Agent and leader and be able to demonstrate a competitive instinct, able to work under pressure within a targetorientated environment. In return WE offer a competitive salary package, outstanding training and the chance to work for a leading award winning company who can offer you a rewarding and progressive career potentially from new recruit to a seat in the Boardroom. We are a consistent award winning organisation for customer services, have been recognised by the industry as a great employer and we value our employees as our most important asset. We very much look forward to hearing from YOU and all enquiries are always treated in the strictest of confidence