Title: Technical Sales Manager  AV Solutions
Webindex: 72450854
Company: AV Jobs
Description: The Opportunity As the Technical Sales Manager you will uncover opportunities and sell audio visual, video conferencing, unified communications and collaboration solutions to new and existing corporate public sector clients across Scotland. You will work in a consultative way to provide total AV, VC and collaboration solutions, including boardrooms and video conferencing suites. You will sell in a consultative way to provide bespoke solutions that deliver the clients business objectives that are unique to their organisation. As well as new solution selling, you will also have the opportunity to sell support and maintenance contracts, backed up by the excellent inhouse service team, which includes remote technical support and field engineers. Along with sales responsibilities, you will also have key technical input, designing AV solutions for presales, tender and proposal purposes, as well as for installation by the inhouse engineering team. With a strong client base already in existence this is an excellent opportunity to maximise current sales opportunities and further develop the territory, bringing in new customers as well as account managing the existing. There are excellent opportunities to earn high levels of commission, with an uncapped commission structure. You will cover clients across Scotland and will be selling in the field for the majority of your time. The Organisation Awardwinning audio visual specialist offering a wide range of services, including designing, supplying, installing, operating and servicing Audio Visual solutions, Digital Signage and Video Conferencing. Well established in several stable markets, with an enviable client list including major bluechip companies and central government. The company has an excellent reputation and consistently wins industry awards. This organisation has strong partner relationships with many top manufacturers, offering a choice of the latest technologies. Your Skills, Qualities and Achievements You will be a proven business to business sales account management professional, with excellent selling skills to senior manager level in the corporate sector. Experience of selling AV VC solutions to the private sector is required. Knowledge of the latest video conferencing technologies for business, such as Lifesize, Radvision, Polycom and Cisco telepresence systems is also essential, as well as a good knowledge of Audio Visual technologies for business, including control systems such as Crestron and AMX. Must have knowledge of AV and VC applications in a corporate environment with the ability to design and specify systems. Must be an accomplished business development professional and account manager, with a track record of success in a consultative sales role. You will need excellent communication, presentation and enduser training skills. Must be enthusiastic, hungry and ambitious with a desire to succeed in a new business role. Must have the aptitude to learn technical solutions and new technology rapidly. An excellent opportunity to progress your career with a dynamic organisation. As this is a heavily field sales oriented role, you must be prepared to travel Scotland wide for sales meetings, with occasional overnight stays. The Recruiters AV Jobs are specialists in providing a first class recruitment service for professional sales and marketing people, engineers and programmers throughout the UK and EMEA. Our markets include Audio Visual, Technology, Telecoms and Office Equipment. We have an established reputation  with clients and candidates alike  for keeping things simple, straightforward and uncomplicated. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalSalesManagerAVSolutions_job****