Title: Field Sales/Recruitment Consultant  ****  **** basic  OTE  Benefits
Webindex: 66315066
Company: Aspire Recruitment
Description: We are currently recruiting for an experienced Field Sales professional for one of the largest not for profit business services providers in the North West of England. Established for over 100 years and based in and around Greater Manchester we offer a range of services to private and public sector organisations including, Training for employees and management, apprenticeships, business consultancy and training, recruitment services, International trade advice, Investors in People and much more. We are currently looking for an experienced Field Sales/Recruitment professional to develop and manage the companies we work with to sell and cross sell our services to ensure maximum uptake in various sectors. The main focus of this role will be to encourage uptake of our apprenticeship recruitment and training services and the delivery of these recruitment services. Many of the services we provide can be free or at a reduced rate due to government funding. The duties of the role are to: Proactively carry out sales activity including cold calling, telesales and structured emarketing campaigns to employers to promote a portfolio of candidates in order to generate placement and vacancy opportunities. Develop clear and informative candidates resumes, with the support of the candidate, to promote the individual to the employer. Provide interview technique support to candidates to increase their chances of gaining employment. Continually develop a database of potential employers and carry out daily candidate submissions to them and robustly follow up on each submission. Manage all vacancies so that they are filled quickly and effectively and to employers satisfaction including; Manage from start to end the full recruitment service including; liaising with local employers to arranging interviews for shortlisted candidates; Process all administration required to confirm interviews or placements to programme; updating internal MI systems. Provide feedback to unsuccessful candidates suggesting potential development areas. Organise and monitor the daily flow of applications/CVs and to screen and sift accordingly. The ideal candidate will have: Excellent organisational skills. Excellent end to end recruitment skills and experience Understanding of the sector and trades. Ability to communicate with businesses at all levels. Ability to communicate and motivate young people and to influence and build relationships. Knowledge of the education environment, nationally and in the Greater Manchester area. Sound knowledge of work based route including Apprenticeship frameworks, NVQs and their processes. We offer a fantastic basic salary, great OTE, excellent benefits and excellent training for our own staff. If you want to work for on of the most recognised names in the UK please apply below.