Title: Sales Office Based  Top Basic  Uncapped Bonus  Technology Sales
Webindex: 65805187
Company: Market Resource Partners
Description: MRP is a leader in the execution of prospecting strategies on behalf of the world’s largest technology companies. Our Belfast office supports both the US market and the UAE and EMEA market and we have considerable growth expectations for 2013. Immediate opening available for focused and determined Sales Executives to join our team. Our generous base salary is complimented by an uncapped bonus plan. OTE in the region of ****k to ****K in the first year. We offer a professional yet energetic and exciting office environment, a benefit plan that includes private healthcare, paid holidays, and pension plan and daily, weekly, and monthly incentives. We also offer ongoing training support and have internal advancement opportunities for top performers. We are currently looking for both English speaking candidates and candidates that possess fluency in Dutch. Position Focus Place outbound prospecting calls on behalf of our clients’ IT products and services. Identify decisionmakers and match prospect needs to campaign offerings through a natural, professional conversation. Qualify prospect based on the parameters of the specific campaign. Schedule appointments to connect the clients with prospects leading to future sales. Manage the lead by confirming appointments and conducting follow up feedback calls. Maintain accurate records of all sales and prospecting activities including sales calls, closed sales, and followup activities within the company’s CRM system. Our Ideal Candidate Previous out bound sales experience, preferably B2B. Measurable and quantifiable success in exceeding sales targets. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Proficiency within MS Office including Word, Excel, and Outlook. A strong personal work ethic and the ability to focus on the goal. BA/BS within Business, Computer Technology, or Marketing is a plus. Or relevant experience that would match your skills to the position. This is an excellent opportunity to join a company that has grown year on year. Internal opportunities will be available for exceptional candidates to move up the ladder quickly within MRP Our success leads directly to your success If you are interested in working for a progressive, forward thinking company apply today MRP NI Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of First Derivatives PLC and an EOE employer.