Title: Employment Consultant (Colchester)
Webindex: 70204921
Description: With over 25 years; experience, Seetec are one of the UKs largest and most experienced providers of Government funded welfare to work and skills training programmes. We are passionately committed to empowering individuals and organisations to release their potential through our employment and training programmes and our software solutions. Seetec help thousands of people each year to achieve and sustain their aspirations for lasting employment, due to the passion and motivation of our employees. In return, our employees are rewarded with a competitive salary and benefits package, along with the satisfaction that their work has made a difference to our clients lives. The Role Are you looking for a challenging yet rewarding job? Do you want to make a positive impact to individuals lives? Do you want to work in a positive and resultsdriven environment? Our Employment Consultants are responsible for assisting the client along their journey to employment. They provide a tailored service, to address individual needs and remove barriers, to enable customers to grow, develop and find suitable employment. Carrying a caseload of customers, you will meet with clients regularly to review their progress, organise work experience, signpost them to 3rd party provision and ensure that all the associated paperwork is completed. You will train and mentor customers throughout their journey, on both a oneto one and group basis, including: job search techniques, CV writing, interview skills. Additionally, you will utilise your own strengths and skills to motivate and train your clients in areas including: IT, numeracy and literacy. Skills Experience Ability to demonstrate Seetecs values. Positive, enthusiastic approach to problem solving with a can do attitude. Target results driven individual. Exceptional organisational skills. Ability to negotiate and influence outcomes. Demonstrate a genuine commitment to the personal and occupational success of the long term unemployed. Build customers selfconfidence and motivation to help them achieve their aspirations and put them firmly on the road to lasting employment. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Confident and professional approach. Excellent all round IT skills (Internet, Intranet, databases, MS Word, MS Excel). Ability to put people at ease and good listening skills. Essential Minimum of **** GCSEs or equivalent including English and Mathematics. Experience of working in a target based/results focussed environment; Competent IT user; Office applications and databases If you would like to make a difference and join a growing and leading business, then we would love to hear from you. Apply online at