Title: Area Sales Manager  Ultrasound Specialist
Webindex: 69733949
Company: Selection Group Ltd
Description: Area Sales Manager  Ultrasound Specialist  South East The Company My client is renowned for supplying medical imaging equipment from some of the world s leading medical manufacturers. They place great emphasis on their years of experience which has allowed them to partner with the best manufacturers in the world. From their UK head offices their team of experts in diagnostic imaging equipment are on hand to provide expert advice and unrivalled customer service. The business in the UK is growing from strength to strength; currently turnover stands at circa 2m with aggressive plans to grow ****0% to 50% per annum over the next 3 to 4 years through the extension of their ultrasound sales team. The Role As an Area Sales, being home based, you will report to the National Sales Manager. This is an active role in the development and growth of their business in the sales of diagnostic ultrasound technology for both the NHS and Private healthcare market place. Covering the South East, including but not exclusive to London, Basingstoke, Brighton, Reading, Newbury, Southampton, Portsmouth, Woking, Reading, Dover, Maidstone, Basildon, Chelmsford, Slough, Andover, Salisbury, Watford, Royal Tunbridge Wells, Crawley, you will be responsible for developing both existing and new business with the NHS and private markets in the defined area. You will be expected to generate your own appointments in order to generate the necessary levels of revenue and profit. On a day to day basis you will be dealing with procurement, nurses and sonographers. The successful applicant will be charged with managing the ultrasound imaging systems sales portfolio. The Candidate Living in the South East you will have a background relevant to ultrasound sales or you will be a qualified sonographer with a minimum of a **** year s sales experience. You will have a demonstrable track record of new business development from cold and existing accounts and the ability to communicate effectively to all levels of NHS and Private healthcare personnel. As well as this the ability to selfmotivate and drive to succeed is key. On offer to the successful candidate is the ability to work for a market leading supplier of high end medical imaging diagnostic equipment. Clearly with such ambitious growth plans this represents a fantastic opportunity for unrivalled career development in the UK and abroad. For more information on this and many more medical sales roles throughout the UK, then please call me on **** **** **** or please email your up to date CV to the following address francesca.popeselectiongroup.co.uk