Title: Talented graduate of mathematics/statistics/economics required
Webindex: 69040426
Company: Intelect Analytics
Description: Talented graduates of mathematics/statistics/economics required: c. ****k Marketing analytics; customer insight; consumer analytics; SQL; SAS Overview Are you a recent graduate of mathematics, statistics, economics, MORSE or other highly numericallycentric degree? Are you looking for an entrylevel role with a well established, highly respected company? Do you have a passion for data? I am currently recruiting for one such person. You will work in a team that places insight at the centre of what they wish to achieve. You will help to translate data in to actionable insight in order to improve future marketing campaigns, and provide commentary that is actionable and of use to the business. Predictive consumer analytics and 'big data' is a burgeoning field that is becoming ever more important in several industries, so this is a truly fantastic opportunity for a talented graduate to start a successful and lucrative career. Key requirements  A good degree in a highly numerate degree such as mathematics, statistics, economics, MORSE.  No prior experience is required to be considered for the role, but it may be beneficial if you could demonstrate experience in using SQL/SAS/SPSS or similar database technologies from your studies or other work experience. However, if you do not have experience in this area, please do not let this put you off.  An inquisitive mind, personable persona and sense of humour The location of the client is easily commutable from all areas of the North West including (but not limited to): Liverpool, Manchester, Chester, Bolton, Wigan, Warrington, the Wirral, St Helens and Northwich. If you feel you fit the criteria for this role then please don't delay and send me your CV as soon as possible Alternatively, if you have any questions then please do not hesitate to contact Roman or email. Interquest Group PLC is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.