Title: Senior Sales Executive (Finance Vertical)  London
Webindex: 71482363
Company: Howard Jackson Associates
Description: Job Description: Our multiaward winning IT Services client is looking to recruit several experienced Senior Sales Executives with strong track records of closing large scale deals. &nbsp This is a superb opportunity for Senior Sales Executives to join a leading IT Managed Services Company that has long been established as a market leader in the hosted, virtualisation and SaaS marketplace. In this role you will have a range of pioneering software products to sell into comprehensive target markets across both public and private sectors. What&rsquos more, you&rsquoll be working in the hosted arena with scope to upsell a wide range of ground breaking products and services. &nbsp You will be led by a young but professional leadership team who have won awards for nurturing talent and producing first class sales professionals and managers. So this is a great opportunity to further your career. In addition, you will be in a position to enjoy uncapped commission in a fast paced working environment where achievement is well recognised and rewarded. &nbsp Furthermore, you will enjoy ongoing support from a highly skilled pre and post sales team, plus an internal sales team focused on lead generation. Overall, to apply for one of these Senior Sales Executive roles, you should be a motivated self starter with the following credentials: &bull Experience of closing &pound****K deals but with the proven ability to sell &pound****k deals &bull A proven and demonstrable track record of winning new business &bull Familiar IT Managed services offerings including the likes of VMware, Citrix and various security products. &bull You must posses the ability to tailor your pitch to different levels of contact from IT Directors through to IT managers. Initially, this appealing Senior Sales Executive role generated a lot interest. Now, our client is looking for more than one person due to business expansion. So if you have the credentials and the drive to succeed in a fast growing IT sector where you&rsquoll be rewarded with substantial financial gains and excellent career progression, speak to us today. PLEASE APPLY NOW