Title: Sales Executive – South of England  ESP ****
Webindex: 68784836
Company: Enterprise Sales Personnel
Description: My client one of the fastest growing providers of Document Management Solutions in the UK. They have engaged with ESP as they require a new business sales person to join their organisation and sell business processing, business automation, document management and content management solutions to the midmarket. Successful candidates will have the opportunity to join an established and dynamic company. It is imperative that candidates must be a selfstarter and driven to win business. Moreover, it is vital that the candidate has experience selling document management. Essential skills that the successful candidate will need for this role includes: Have a successful and stable track record within previous roles. Have exceeded sales targets for at least two years. Have succeeded in a new business sales capacity. Please only apply for this role if you have the expansive experience required in the specific field advertised as without this we unfortunately will be unable to consider your application. About Enterprise Sales Personnel Enterprise Sales Personnel is a niche recruitment business operating in the Scottish marketplace. We recruit for a wide range of bluechip smaller high profile companies whose business is in providing Professional Services, Management Consultancy, Systems Integration and IT Hardware Software. We will treat you with courtesy and dignity and totally respect your need for confidentiality and our Consultants will take time to properly understand your aspirations and your skills Keywords: New Business, Account Management, Outsourcing, Global Financial Industry, Investment Banking, Financial Sector, IT Services, IT Solutions, IT Software, Back and Middle Office, Financial Industry, Applications, Public Sector, Business Intelligence, Account Director, Account Manager, Business Manager, Technology, IT, Infrastructure, Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Manager, BDM, BDC, Business Development Consultant, IT, Complex Solutions, Solution Sales, Software Sales, Enterprise Sales, Strategic Sales, Infrastructure, Managed Services, Supply Chain, Microsoft AX Dynamics, Account Manager This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveSouthofEnglandESP****_job****