Title: Sales Team Leader
Webindex: 66179102
Company: HPR Consultancy Ltd t/a HPRtalent
Description: Sales Team Manager Speciality food products Location: Lincolnshire Salary: ****  ****  benefits Our customer is an innovative food manufacturing company producing high quality artisan products to speciality, wholesale and retail sectors. As a result of excellent growth they are now looking to recruit a dynamic and highly effective sales manager to lead their sales team into 2013 The Role Manage a small team of Customer Sales Executives. Expand prospect opportunities wider utilising databases, emarketing, field and office based activity. Expand geographical territories for the outbound van operation. Setting daily, weekly and monthly sales targets by operator to achieve monthly goals in conjunction with Sales Manager / Director. Working with external providers of databases to develop prospect targets. Work with field marketing agencies where required to provide catalyst for 1st orders in key areas. Develop emarketing approach to maintain contact with prospects whilst dormant. Manage street and office based activity to achieve balance for individuals and increase productivity. Prospecting process development. Monitoring, training and developing prospector performance. Monitor and track performance and report to senior management as required. Maintain visible communication of team s performance. Plan resourcing and provide cover for holidays Have a strong background in the successful management of a sales team. Be an impressive leader; easily able to coach, mentor and lead the sales team through challenging situations whilst ensuring continued attainment of targets. Have a proven record of personal achievement in a target lead environment. Excellent Excel, Microsoft Have strong customer influencing, questioning and negotiation skills. Have a track record of target achievement. Demonstrate creativity and innovation and an ability to apply innovative solutions to the sales process. Demonstrate clarity of thinking and can clearly articulate thoughts. Ability to manage multiple data points and develop reasoned responses to problems