Title: Easi UpLifts Group Sales Manager
Webindex: 68346604
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: GROUP SALES MANAGER Easi UpLifts is one of the leading companies within the aerial platform industry with offices in Ireland, UK, Hungary, Slovakia and Poland. We are currently seeking a Group Sales Manager to manage our existing sales team and to put in place sales strategies to enable our business to grow even further. Candidates should be experienced sales managers from either the Hire or machinery industries. The Job  Responsible for the development and performance of all sales activities within the Group (UK, Ireland and Europe).  Develop business plans and sales strategies to ensure attainment of Company sales goals and profitability  Performance Management and sales target setting for all sales people within the Group  Be the first point of contact for sales people  Assist ASM s in dealing with major accounts as necessary.  Attend customer meetings with sales staff as required  Monitoring your team s performance and motivate and assist them to reach targets .  Manage employee development by establishing and maintaining processes that support continuous performance management, coaching, employee development and training.  Arrange coaching and mentoring of sales team as required.  Schedule, prioritise and manage the resources of the telesales team (with respect to individual sales managers projects).  Analyse sales figures and report on same to Board of Directors  Assist in the development of marketing plans as required  Keeping up to date with products and competitors  Travel to meet all sales people on a regular basis within UK and Ireland.  Liaise with Senior Sales Managers in Central Europe with travel to Europe as required.  Attend monthly management meetings The Person  Will have a relevant 3rd level education  57 years of experience in sales management.  Ideally, you will have at least 2 years recent or current experience within the Hire Industry  Excellent sales and negotiation skills  Good business sense  Proven leadership and ability to drive sales teams  Initiative and enthusiasm  Excellent communication and people skills  Good planning and organisational skills  The ability to work calmly under pressure  Good IT, budget and report writing skills  A full driving licence  Willingness to travel on a regular basis (this role will cover Ire, UK and Europe). We do not require the assistance of agencies at this time Please do not reapply if you previously already done so.