Title: Commercial Operations Assistant
Webindex: 67332197
Company: Moriati Media UK Ltd
Description: Commercial Operations Assistan ****  Bonus Our client, a leading media company is looking to recruit a Commercial Operations Assistant to join their team. As Commercial Operations Assistant, you will be responsible for liasing with sales effectively with presentation and programming departments establishing spot placement status, break patterns and programme content. As part of a highly professional team you will take part in contributing to the creation and development of sales transmission schedule and support the sales force. With an organised manner you will ensure compliance with all OFCOM/BACC guidelines and chase copy as well as execute the booking sequence functions required to produce a commercial spot transmission schedule. With strong communication skills you will establish relationships with advertising agencies and production houses. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of a of an exciting fast paced media company. If you believe you have a methodical and selfassertive approach then apply immediately. Key Responsibilities of the Commercial Operations Assistant include: . Liaising effectively with sales, presentation and programming departments . Executing bookings and sequencing functions necessary to produce a commercial spot transmission schedule . Ensure compliance with all OFCOM/BACC guidelines . Chasing copy and establish strong relationships with advertising agencies and production houses Qualities we're looking for in the Commercial Operations Assistant include: . A confident telephone and facetoface manner . Strong presentation and negotiation skills . Excellent presentation, organisation and administration skills . Good knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook . Excellent communication both verbal and written skills . The ability to understand and articulate high quantities of new information . A selfmotivated, creative and enthusiastic individual . Ability to work underpresure and on tight deadlines . Strong team player with a good work ethic You must be eligible to work in the UK to apply for this position This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/CommercialOperationsAssistant_job****