Title: Client Relationship Manager/Account Manager  Sales & Marketing, Autom
Webindex: 58452118
Company: JOBG8
Description: Client Account Manager, Corporate Account Manager, Client Services Manager, Relationship Manager, Agency  Sales & Marketing Account Manager. Automotive clients. Excellent salary & benefits: ****K****K  Bonus  Life assurance  pension  Gym membership  much more Benefits. Exclusive to Go IT Recruitment Ltd  role is urgent and interview slots available. Seeking a Client Account Manager to work for a Global Marketing Services Agency Company based in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. Commutable from Bedford, Leighton Buzzard, Bedfordshire, Towcester, Northamptonshire, Luton, Biggleswade, Dunstable, Oxfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Peterborough, Rugby, Watford, Hertfordshire. Job Profile:  As the Client Account Manager you will be delivering exception levels of service in order to meet client objectives and deadlines.  You will be a key point of contact for all clients, so 50% of the role will be client facing. You will not only be retaining existing client activity, but identify new opportunities and up selling all current projects to clients to increase account profitability.  As a Client Account Manager you will report to the Client Services Director, and in some cases you will be responsible for the line management of the Client Services Executives.  You will be the first point of contact for your clients, managing every aspect of their marketing brief to deliver complete client satisfaction. Essential Skills:  Ideally the candidates will have commercial experience/exposure to any or all of services, either client or agencyside (performance improvement, marketing communications, PR, event management, automotive  managing dealerships, client management and creative).  Proven background working within a client facing role in an agency environment is essential.  Also ideally seeking candidates who have managed blue chip clients within Automtove area  interested in candidates who have managed Automotive dealerships especially.  The ability to develop and maintain positive business relationships is a prerequisite.  Account management experience  Sales & Marketing background  Able to meet deadlines and reporting on project progress.  Strong multitasking skills able to work with different departments within the business  A strong confident communicator.  Leadership skills to manage project teams and budgets.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills in order to provide excellent customer service to clients.  Working knowledge of MS Office eg Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Access. APPLICANTS MUST BE ELIGIBLE TO LIVE AND WORK IN THE UK. ONLY successful candidates will be contacted. Keywords: Client Account Manager, Corporate Account Manager, Client Services Manager, Relationship Manager, Agency  Sales & Marketing Account Manager. Automotive clients PLEASE NOTE: Successful candidate will be CRB checked as the role is working with high profile clients. EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES Go IT Recruitment is committed to equal opportunities and actively seeks applications from all sectors of the community irrespective of sex, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, having responsibility for dependents, age, religion/beliefs, or any other reason which cannot be shown to be justified. Go IT Recruitment acts as an employment agency/business