Title: Field Sales Executive  London
Webindex: 69996468
Company: Spitfire Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Customer Service Consultant Reports to: Sales Manager Area covered: London Our client has been one of the leading financial services firms for the past 20 years. They are looking to develop their field sales team in selected areas across the UK. No previous experience within the financial services sector is required but a solid sales background and understanding of how to develop your own sales leads is essential. 50% of you appointments will be booked for you by the telemarketing team leaving you to develop your own region and arrange meetings demonstrating the company’s portfolio of products. Full training will be given. Specific Responsibilities Make telephone appointments from leads provided by the Company Create own leads through referrals, group talks and other means of identifying prospects. For all new appointments, use the Company **** stage presentation to professionally demonstrate the different financial services options available within the Company portfolio. Arrange and deliver group talks Meet validation and bonus targets through the conversion of presentations to completed plan sales Accurately complete order/sales documentation in accordance with Company procedures Collect cash payments during banking hours and bank upon receipt Bank payments in correct Trust account and fax banking receipts to office within 24 hours Fax to Head Office all correctly completed plans within 24 hours of completion and ensure original is received within **** hours In accordance with company procedures, report to Line Manager and send by 4.00 pm on reporting days (Monday, Wednesday and Friday) legible and accurate CSC report sheets detailing weekly and monthly totals/targets/percentages, and updated diary/activity information by 4.00 pm on Friday. Email, to Sales Department, diary for following week by 4.00 pm each Friday (resend any diary additions during the weekend by 5.00 pm on Sunday) together following week’s targets and canvass sheet. Attend relevant training courses as arranged by the Company Establish, maintain and develop good working relationships with prospects, members and colleagues. As an ambassador of the Company, present a professional and positive image at all times This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesExecutiveLondon_job****