Title: IT Account Manager  Central London  ****kOTEBENS
Webindex: 72457962
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: We have an excellent vacancy for a proactive Account Manager/Business Development Manager to join a growing IT Solutions company who are highly reputable and established within the industry. Offering market leading Solutions and Services, there is ongoing expansion occurring in their London office in particular, and consequently, there is now the opportunity for professional candidates to join their sales team. With ample growth opportunities available within the organisation, they are also able to offer you an industry leading commission structure so that you can rapidly increase your salary and climb up their career ladder effectively. This IT Account Manager position will involve working with globally recognised suppliers offering state of the art solutions to businesses across the UK. Your role will involve creating and maintaining relationships with a multitude of accounts, and increasingly developing your pipeline. You will be working both internally and externally in order to give you the ultimate flexibility for your customers. The ideal candidate will have worked for a solutions provider so that you have a good knowledge of the products and the sector. If you are looking for the next step in your career in order to give you improved sales opportunities and chances to increase your salary, then this is a great opportunity for you. If you have experience selling IT products within the channel, and are looking to develop into an end user sales position to earn more money, then your drive and ambition will also be recognised. There is a sort after working environment with a friendly and supportive management team, and a low staff turnover. This is a position to develop a long term career and develop industry recognised skills and benefit from an uncapped commission scheme. This role is now an immediate opening, and they can interview now, so please send your CV to gemma.bubbpenguinrecruitment.co.uk or alternatively contact me on ****eywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITAccountManagerCentralLondon****kOTEBENS_job****