Title: IT Sales Account Manager Hemel Hempstead ****kOTEBE
Webindex: 68179632
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: We are urgently seeking a passionate and sales driven candidate to join an established and professional organisation as an Account Manager. Specialising in the most market leading IT Solutions in the industry, you will actively sell to businesses across the UK. With the prospect of developing in to a senior position quickly, this is an exceptional opportunity offering fantastic salary rewards, and added company benefits. Your role will primarily start with a focus on new business so that you can create your own portfolio of accounts through using active databases to generate sales. In turn, you will quickly develop your accounts and actively manage relationships with decision makers. Your sales targets will increase steadily in order for you to settle in, find your feet, and earn commission as rapidly as possible. The ideal candidate will be passionate about IT, and focused within sales so that you are not afraid of picking up the phone. They are looking for you to actively find new business and manage accounts with a variety of businesses across the UK, so you will need to provide evidence of where you have achieved sales targets, and spoken with decision makers successfully. In turn, you will enjoy a comprehensive training programme, directly with the help of your manager in order to quickly learn solutions and enhance your own sales. With no threshold in place, you will benefit from earning commission straight away, and with an uncapped plan in place you can foresee earning up to a fantastic rate of 15%. The goal of this position is essentially a quick promotion, so you can look to enjoy a future in Senior Account Manager and as an Account Director should you prove successful. For immediate consideration and interview, please send your CV to Gemma Bubb:. Alternatively, you can contact Gemma on **** to discuss further opportunities. Commutable Locations  Hemel Hempstead, Barnet, Watford, Bushey, Borehamwood, Radlett, Hatfield, Hertford, St Albans, Bovingdon, Kings Langley, Redbourn, Chesham, Amersham, Chorleywood, Rickmansworth, Batchworth, Harrow, Uxbridge, Harefield, Wembley. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions