Title: Experienced Recruitment Consultant Start a new role for 2013
Webindex: 68671517
Company: Hydrogen Group
Description: Recruitment Consultant Opportunity  Finance Risk An opportunity has become available for an experienced recruitment professional, with more than 12 months recruitment or industry experience to join the Finance practice. The role will be suited to those with a genuine interest into the finance sector and will involve account management but also allows you to develop new and existing client relationships with onsite client meetings. Hydrogen is an awardwinning, Global company with offices currently located in London, Edinburgh, Sydney, Singapore and Hong Kong. We have exciting plans for global expansion and at the beginning of 2012 launched our 2015 Vision; we are proud to have an exciting proposition and clear goals that will allow us to achieve our Vision. Hydrogen has been awarded a number of accolades including: > National Graduate Recruitment Awards 2010  Highly Commended in the Best Graduate Training Programme category > Britain's Top Employers 2011 > Best Companies  'Two star status' > Sunday Times Best Companies to Work for 2011, 2012 > 'Best InHouse Training' The Recruitment Consultant Industry Awards > MarCom Awards  platinum winner for our Global Professionals on the Move report 2012 The role requires candidates to have experience or evidence of: > Excellent relationship building skills > Evidence of building long standing relationships > Drive and enthusiasm for both the role and the industry > A successful track record of billings The ideal candidate will have more than 12 months previous recruitment experience and looking to progress their career within a hot and growing market. The successful candidate will have a proven track record within their sector and would express a strong interest and understanding into the financial sector. Alternatively those with industry experience that would like to utilise their knowledge and develop into the recruitment industry, we would be keen to speak with you also. If this sounds like the job for you, please apply now by either clicking apply below or sending your CV to careershydrogengroup.com stating in your covering email where you saw this advert. If you have been successful based on your application, please expect a telephone call from one of our Internal Recruitment team. Thank you for your interest in Hydrogen Group. Hydrogen UK Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ExperiencedRecruitmentConsultantStartanewrolefor2013_job****