Title: Search Execs/Managers/Strategists  at two Leading Agencies
Webindex: 71557373
Company: Harrison Dear
Description: The Roles The more strategic roles focus on managing and delivering best in class search strategies, competitor analysis, PPC account audits, and retail ecommerce strategy. You will work alongside the Search Strategy Director and other PPC Client teams to develop and formulate advanced search strategies using innovative tools and processes. You will be working across a variety of clients and markets. These clients work with a blend of DR and Branding KPIs so experience across both disciplines is desirable. Strong organisational skills, ability to adapt to change and to multitask while under pressure are a must. For the more day to day search exec/management roles you will deal a number of search campaigns and be responsible for their optimization and development ensuring clients business targets are met as efficiently as possible. You will also be responsible for reporting against the client s deadlines and providing detailed insight and commentary on the performance of the campaigns that you manage. You should be a team player, happy to contribute in lively and communicative environments and a selfstarter, prepared to bring ideas to the table and push the boundaries . Skills Required Your experience so far will have given you the opportunity to hone excellent account optimisation and best practice execution across client accounts. You are a bright, intelligent thinker; always curious about the what if? and why? of Search. You are passionate about your work and want to make a difference. You will be able to think outside the box and be comfortable challenging the convention. You consider yourself a persuasive person with sharp presentation skills; both to convince clients and other parties of your recommendations on strategy. You need to be a selfstarter and team player, must be willing to expand and challenge the existing knowledge regarding PPC and SEO as well as go above and beyond in keeping up with industry trends and research. Therefore a genuine passion for search and an analytical mindset are essential. If interested please call Josh on **** **** **** email joshharrisondear.co.uk or click on the link below