Title: Inbound Telesales  No cold Calling
Webindex: 67895520
Company: Adecco
Description: Adecco are recruiting on behalf of a choice employer based in Thornbury (North Bristol). They are a leading insurance provider and are looking to recruit New Business Sales Staff inline with planned expansion. This is an excellent opportunity for candidates with strong sales/telesales experience (ideally within a call centre environment) to progress their career within a prestigious insurance firm. You must have your own transport  parking is available onsite. MAIN JOB PURPOSE: To Provide and sell accurate new business and renewal quotations for all customers. Ensuring all relevant procedures are followed and accurate information is provided to the customer. Also contacting customers from the Internet site providing quotations and answering queries, diarising potential contacts and doing outbound calls to fulfill the outbound strategy. All calls will be very warm leads  there is no cold calling. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES: a) To answer all presented calls within our service standards b) To provide accurate new business quotations ensuring all relevant procedures are followed and accurate information is provided to the customer c) To convert quotations ensuring policy procedure is adhered to and payment is taken correctly for the policy d) To provide the customer with accurate information regarding the insurance policy e) To provide information regarding policy features and benefits f) To deal with renewal quotations, referring as necessary and ensuring that renewal and new business opportunities are maximised g) To ensure that our individual service standards are met in relation to call rates, busy times and conversion rates h) To actively sell the policy to the customer ensuring that the business is requested i) To deal with 1st level complaint calls j) To Cross sell products and advise customers of new products / schemes k) To ensure that all calls are compliant under current FSA regulations l) To be able to demonstrate knowledge of insurance terms and concepts m) To outbound call, renewals, new business leads, new business not taken up and Internet customers, prioritising calls in relation to status **** **** or **** and using all referral tools to secure business n) To diary leads from Internet customers and contact in the future to secure business. Should you feel you are a strong candidate and your looking for an exciting career opportunity please apply. For any queries contact Nicola Rush at Bristol Adecco Adecco are an Equal Opportunities Employer and Operate as a Recruitment Agency Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy