Title: Telesales B2B
Webindex: 72451660
Company: Flex Recruitment
Description: Are you a dedicated and target driven B2B Telesales representative? Can you drive our business forward? If so, we want to hear from you We will offer the successful candidate a very competitive basic salary with uncapped commission, free onsite parking and a healthcare scheme. This is an exciting opportunity to join a rapidly expanding, innovative and vibrant Hinckley based business. We are currently looking for a B2B Telesales representative to help us grow our online sales, increase our brand awareness and take our online presence to a new level. With the ‘green shoots’ appearing it is a great time to prospect clients This position will suit a self motivated individual with a background in B2B telesales (a newspaper/advertising background would be ideal) You will be targeted on booking appointments for a Field Sales representative to visit and sell our online advertising solutions. A desire to learn about our products is essential. The main duties of the Telesales Representative include: Identifying decision makers within prospect companies Making high volume outbound calls to prospects from a database Research prospects via newspaper/online/publications to target the right clientele Book appointments for and work closely with the Field Sales Representative The experienced B2B Telesales representative will have the following: Proven track record in business to business telesales Exceptional telephone/communication skills Be able to work autonomously with little supervision Be persuasive and professional The hours of work are Monday to Friday 9am5pm. The basic salary is ****k plus uncapped commission. In return for the above we can offer career progression for the right candidate. If your skills match the above then please press apply. FlexPlus is acting as an employment agency in relation to this position. Please note: applying for this position does not guarantee that you will be called for interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TelesalesB2B_job****