Title: New Sales Executive
Webindex: 68676315
Company: Vision Recruitment and Development Limited
Description: Job Title: Sales Executive Location: Swindon Salary: ****k (****kOTE) Due to continued business requirements our client is now recruiting for a Sales Executive for the team in Swindon. You will report to the Sales Management Team. Sales Executive Key Responsibilities To achieve monthly sales targets for new, used and demo vehicles, achieving the minimum profit targets. To achieve monthly sales targets for additional profit centres including finance and insurance. Successful upkeep of company mandatory paperwork and processes. To maintain a thorough customer followup programme on behalf of the company using prospect and promotional files. Experience in B2B sales, you will need to have excellent presentation skills with the ability to communicate and negotiate at all levels. This is an excellent opportunity for a high achiever in this field looking for a fresh challenge. The ideal candidate is: Sales orientated with exceptional people skills. You must be well presented, enjoy meeting new people, possess strong communication skills and have the determination and enthusiasm to succeed in a fast moving environment. You will need to be 100% focused on providing all customers with an exceptional purchase experience from start to finish Is focused on results, goes directly to the heart of a problem to get things done and will not be distracted from his goals; Thinks as a winner and is comfortable pioneering solutions and overcoming obstacles; Can accept risks, face resistance, take chances and be accountable for the bottom line; Independent and decisive, capable of thinking autonomously, using initiative and acting on their own. Wants to keep at it until they get results; Is capable of making decisions, standing up against some resistance from others and sticking to something they believe in. Restless and driving, energetic, works well under pressure and enjoys working to tight deadlines they: Can adjust to change and is quick to respond to new situations; Has a sense of urgency and likes variety; Is active, good at juggling different projects and will push themselves and others to get results quickly. Sociable and outgoing, they understand people, see their point of view and gets along well with others. They: Are optimistic, trusting and shows confidence in situations involving others; Is persuasive, makes a good impression, enjoys influencing and selling ideas to others; Can usually motivate people because they relate well to them If you feel you have the skill sets to succeed within this highly competitive sales environment then APPLY TODAY . Key Words: Fleet, Sales Executives, Consultants, Automotive, Cars, Sales Professionals, Business Development, Account Managers, B2B, Business to Business, Commercial, LGV, HGV, Van, Vans, CV, Sales Executive,CAR SALES EXECUTIVE , VEHICLE SALES EXECUTIVE , USED CAR SALES EXECUTIVE , USED CAR SALES ADVISOR , CAR SALES CONSULTANT , CAR SALES Key Locations: Swindon This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NewSalesExecutive_job****