Title: Sales Exec/ Uk based to Swedish or DACH Regions ( Software Vendor)
Webindex: 72236410
Company: Scott Cofton Associates
Description: Sales Exec/ UK based to Swedish or DACH Regions ( Software Vendor) Salary: C**** Basic , **** OTE (open ended) plus benefits Location: Reading, Berkshire Senior Inside Sales, Native or fluent German or Swedish (Major IT Vendor/ Manufacturer  Business Intelligence Software) This multinational success story requires that its sales people are native and fluent in the countrys language that they represent. You will be a proactive sales veteran within the IT, Software, Saas or Hitech markets. You will be able to demonstrate a track record of selling effectively to your native market. You will be based in the UK but our client is a multinational who wishes to make the buyers experience as user friendly as possible This company boast a genuinely rated international brand. Growing depite the economic climate .As a company they are already beginning to dominate the leading edge exponents of their brand of business intelligence software. You can smell success and expansion as soon as you walk through this client’s doors. It is great to see business visions being achieved and surpassed. This organisation has a track record of promoting on achievement only the highly skilled and genuinely ambitious should apply . This company is all about action, collaboration, and results and your career path is no exception. Even as the expand around the world, they maintain a closeknit team culture and keep the entrepreneurial spirit alive. Every employee is the key to their success and they support your career from day one. Management has a cooperative leadership style, making senior leaders always available. They offer programs and support to help you do extraordinary work and build a great career, leading you to discover many career growth opportunities. Over the last 18 years this Global Vendor pioneered new approaches to accessing, managing, and interacting with IT data. Their Business Intelligence Software solutions are recognized as a groundbreaking Combined with a relentless focus on customer success and a vibrant, passionate user community, more than **** companies in over 100 countries now use their technology with an industryleading 96% satisfaction rate. For this and other vacancies call us or email your CV immediately This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecUkbasedtoSwedishorDACHRegionsSoftwareVendor_job****