Title: Sales Assistants / Retail Experience Welcome
Webindex: 70677491
Company: ASK Client Solutions
Description: SALES Assistants Retail Experience Welcome Interested in CUSTOMER SERVICE? Immediate starts with FULL product training  Retail Assistant, Retail Sales Other Customer Service Experience Encouraged With our recent opening in Sheffield, ASK Client Solutions is excited to offer opportunities for people interested in customer service, marketing PR, client representation, and sales. Our corporate culture encourages a young and vibrant atmosphere while maintaining a high level of professionalism at all times. If you re seeking a career where hard work pays off, ASK Client Solutions is the perfect place for you No previous experience is required  to ensure everyone is trained to the highest degree, we offer extensive oneonone guidance through all levels of the program. GRADUATES, career changers, and newcomers to the business world are all welcome to apply This is an amazing opportunity to learn new SKILLS and take on a rewarding CHALLENGE. With ASK Client Solutions, you can expect to enhance your knowledge of: People Management Skills Sales Marketing Strategies Confidence in Customer Service Campaign Management Standard Business Operations For those AMBITIOUS few, we offer placement in our business development program which focuses on learning all aspects of our corporate structure until you are ready to independently run your career. You will have the opportunity to attend workshops with leaders in their field of business and gain their inside knowledge of the industry. If you live in the Sheffield area and are eager to take on a FRESH career, ASK Client Solutions may be the place for you We are currently holding appointments and would love to meet you. All immediate opportunities are facetoface so we encourage a professional appearance and demeanour. All earnings and progression opportunities are entirely dependent on performance so eagerness and a strong work ethic are ideal. Those applicants successful in the first appointment may be invited back to spend a day with our company to observe the daytoday functions of the opening. We have found that this is a great way for us to see your skills and work ethic as well as for you to experience the starterlevel before making any final decisions. As the day is completely voluntary, it will not be compensated.