Title: GRADUATE LEGAL SALES
Webindex: 69004418
Company: 1st Place
Description: GRADUATE LEGAL SALES EXECUTIVE **** basic **** OTE plus company benefits package The Role: As a graduate Legal sales executive you will be working with a team of likeminded graduates and will collectively be targeted on increasing the revenue by selling conference packages to delegates within the Legal sector and by building long lasting relationships with key clients. The Company: offer professionally organised events focussing on the Legal sector. Over the last five years, they have experienced phenomenal growth and as a result require ambitious and money hungry graduates to join their Legal sales team. This is international company with offices in major cities such as New York, Hong Kong and Delhi. Their expertise lies in producing high quality, interactive conferences that provide extensive networking opportunities for delegates and partners. Job Specification Telephone and facetoface meetings will form a large part of your day as you develop your innate skills required to develop new business and establish client relationships. You will be gathering additional client data from campaigns in order to build lead generation. You will be attending relevant events, networking within the industry to lean more and sow the seeds for future sales. There is a lot of career progression that can be expected from the role as it is with an international and multidivisional presence. A year with a company of this calibre will give you the opportunity to be a leading light in the future of the UK Sales industry. Candidates will need: Contacting by telephone key decisionmakers within the Legal market and raising awareness of future conferences, along with the benefits of attending Work towards Sales target set by Delegate Manager Gather additional client data from campaigns in order to build lead generation Report back on progress made on Sales targets to Delegate Manager Maintaining a knowledge of the Legal industry and an awareness of the factors that may affect your business Remaining up to speed on the major Legal headlines in as much detail as necessary to further sales Gain a thorough understanding of the companies Legal portfolio Listening to external customers and feeding back industry or productspecific intelligence to the right innerdivisional team and maximise benefits to your business Attend briefing sessions with Conference ProducersAttending relevant events, networking within the industry to learn more and sow the seeds for future sales Reference for application ****PGRCB Not right for you? If you know someone who might be interested, please forward on. We pay a **** referral fee when we find your friend a job Questions? Get in touch: follow our job feed 1PGRjobs, search Facebook for 1stPlaceGraduateRecruitment, find us on LinkedIn, call or email us