Title: Accounts Professional; Small Appliances  Domestic & Catering
Webindex: 72439326
Company: Pertemps Recruitment Partnership
Description: Our client is an established manufacturer of small electrical kitchen appliances for the domestic and commercial catering industries. Their product range has a recognised branding with a reputation for styling, quality and reliability. Their products include Toasters, Kettles, Coffee Machines, Food Processors, Soup Kettles, Grills and Conveyor Toasters. Market sectors include high end departments stores, national supermarket chains, specialist homeware outlets, high street chains and catering and retail catalogue companies. They are looking for an experienced, National/Key Accounts Professional to reflect that same high quality reputation in the service and communication that they will provide to their customers. This is a National role which will require you to cover the whole of the UK,with occasional overnight stays away from home when necessary. You will be expected to work from the office (based in the South East) at least once a week and maintain a level of contact and communication with your client base to keep them informed of new products and ranges that may be available to them. You will offer support and advice along with product training and literature to your customers sales teams when necessary.You will already have a proven track record in area and account management at both a local and corporate buying level. Ideally from an electrical appliance product background or FMCG type services into retail, catering and wholesale market sectors, you will also have the skill and tenacity to discuss and negotiate quantities, service levels and pricing where required. Although this is an account management/sales position, emphasis is more on account management, relationship building and providing an excellent service to your clients than on direct sales generated, so instead of a commission structure you will be offered a generous basic salary package and company car to reflect this. If you feel you have the skills and capability to provide this level of service to your clients then please contact us for an immediate interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountsProfessionalSmallAppliancesDomesticCatering_job****