Title: Senior IT Telesales Executive  Lead Generation
Webindex: 69191067
Company: Webrecruit UK
Description: Senior IT Telesales Executive  Lead Generation Perivale, Greater London **** Plus Commission Our client provides professional Managed IT Services and IT Outsourcing solutions to clients from a wide range of backgrounds and of various sizes. They pride themselves on their service levels and expertise and combine these factors to deliver the best possible service to all of their customers. They are now seeking a Senior IT Telesales Executive to join their team. This is the ideal role for an IT sales professional to join a fast growing industry leading company offering a professional work environment and an unbeatable product which is desired across multiple industry sectors. As a Senior IT Telesales Executive, you will be responsible for contacting potential customers via telephone, providing an overview of our client's diverse products and services, as well as securing meetings for the Field Sales Executive. Reporting to the Sales and Marketing Director, you will receive and respond to inbound telephone and email enquiries. You will also be responsible for the daytoday activities of another IT telesales executive. Meeting set performance targets, you will ensure all meeting are BANT qualified and undertake the daytoday management of another Demand Creation Executive. In this dynamic role, you will appoint high quality managed services meetings whilst ensuring that company quality standards, policies and procedures are met. Your duties will include:  Creating and maintaining effective working relationships within the company  Providing training, ongoing assessments and formal appraisals to team members  Maintaining personal staff discipline, attendance and minimising staff turnover  Recording and storing information in the company's system  Providing regular feedback to individuals and teams on their performance To be considered, you must have at least two years' sales experience gained within the IT managed services industry. As a Senior IT Telesales Executive, you must be highly numerate and a good communicator. Disciplined and persistent, you must be organised with plenty of initiative and capable of bringing in results. To apply for the role of Senior IT Telesales Executive (Lead Generation), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Senior IT Telesales Executive, Lead Generation, Senior Sales Consultant, Senior Internal Sales Manager, Senior Internal Sales Executive, Senior Inside Sales Executive, Senior Sales Representative, Senior Telesales Advisor, Senior Telesales Executive, Senior Telemarketing Executive, IT Sales, Managed Services.