Title: Area Account Manager Required  MUST HAVE OWN CAR
Webindex: 71434256
Company: Hanover IT recruitment
Description: Company Exceptional opportunity for an account manager to join an independently leading software development company specialising in access management, booking systems, cost recovery, database subscriptions, desktop management utilities, greener computing and track and control solutions based in Harrow. You will be required to cover the Southern region of the UK and possess good product demonstration experience or the ability to rapidly learn. This is an excellent opportunity for someone to build a long term career and prospects will become available as the company progresses. Role Through a combination of both online demonstrations and customer visits you will present our software products, utilising your consultative selling skills to produce quicker sales and optimise crossselling opportunities. Be fully conversant with the solutions sales cycle (including cold calling and appointment making). Experienced in cold calling potential customers to set up appointments for onsite visits and web demonstrations or to arrange trials of the products by the customer. Offer advanced computer proficiency. (including MS Windows, Office, and CRM software). Bring software sales experience (3 years plus). Be experienced in selling to educational and government markets (desirable, but not essential) and or the IT channel. Have highly professional personal presentation skills. Be skilled in consultative selling techniques. Must have your own car Provide proof of successful recent sales achievements and a stable career record. Be degree level educated or equivalent. Presentable person. Active on the phone and in the field (wants to win). Wellorganised and positive. Excellent written English. Experience of demonstrating software (or very good computer skills as a minimum) Offer: ****K basic salary depending on experience, plus uncapped commission. Expected earnings are excess of ****K once established in the role. Contributory pension scheme. Private health insurance. A company notebook computer and mobile phone and a generous car allowance will also be provided. You will need to come into the office in Harrow 50% of the time, so would need to live reasonably locally. Send in your CVs to Lacey Marie to lacey.mariehanoverit.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AreaAccountManagerRequiredMUSTHAVEOWNCAR_job****