Title: Account Manager, NorthWest, ESP ****
Webindex: 72236846
Company: Enterprise Sales Personnel
Description: My client is a rapidly expanding, IT Services provider. They have been growing organically as a result of their niche desktopvirtualisation offering. They have engaged with ESP as they require an Account Manager to come on board and continue to drive their growth. They are looking for someone who has experience selling VDI in a new business capacity. Their sales portfolio also includes Storage, Software Licensing and Hardware and experience selling those products is certainly an advantage. In addition, the company provides fantastic support from the presales and marketing departments. Overall, this role requires a candidate that is tenacious, driven and can demonstrate a track record of success in a new business capacity. Essential skills that the successful candidate will need for this role includes: Have experience selling IT for at least three years. Have a successful and stable track record within previous roles. Have experience selling VDI. Have an impressive new business track record. Please only apply for this role if you have the expansive experience required in the specific field advertised as without this we unfortunately will be unable to consider your application. About Enterprise Sales Personnel Enterprise Sales Personnel is a niche recruitment business operating in the Scottish marketplace. We recruit for a wide range of bluechip smaller high profile companies whose business is in providing Professional Services, Management Consultancy, Systems Integration and IT Hardware Software. We will treat you with courtesy and dignity and totally respect your need for confidentiality and our Consultants will take time to properly understand your aspirations and your skills Keywords: New Business, Account Management, Outsourcing, Global Financial Industry, Investment Banking, Financial Sector, IT Services, IT Solutions, IT Software, Back and Middle Office, Financial Industry, Applications, Public Sector, Business Intelligence, Account Director, Account Manager, Business Manager, Technology, IT, Infrastructure, Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Manager, BDM, BDC, Business Development Consultant, IT, Complex Solutions, Solution Sales, Software Sales, Enterprise Sales, Strategic Sales, Infrastructure, Managed Services, Supply Chain This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/AccountManagerNorthWestESP****_job****