Title: Sales Execuitve
Webindex: 68701871
Company: LG Select
Description: My client manages consumer data for businesses from every sector, from financial services, retail and utilities, to public sector, telecoms, insurance and many more. The Group is focused on developing innovative products and services to help businesses make smarter, more informed decisions throughout the customer lifecycle. Working as part of a small sales team you will be targeting large B2C business in order to promote our range of direct marketing products.  Working from an existing B2B database and proactively contacting senior level decision makers via cold calls and emails.  Typically targeting Marketing Managers, Customer Insight Managers and CRM Managers at some of the UK’s largest companies and brands.  Making circa **** approaches per day, working towards weekly and monthly sales targets.  Introducing relevant products and services, selling benefits and generating interest.  Arranging qualified appointments for existing sales team.  Sending introductory emails and follow up emails with product information.  Recording all progress accurately on internal prospect database.  Ongoing research to identify new prospects – using LinkedIn, trade press, networking etc.  Managing large scale email campaigns for lead generation. Graduate calibre, with proven B2B sales experience and communication skills. Consultative approach and good listening skills, with the ability to use effective questioning to understand clients’ needs and tailor sales pitch accordingly. Excellent telephone manner and strong writing skills. Familiarity with standard Microsoft Office products, and experience using a CRM tool. Effective time management and the ability to juggle multiple projects Motivated by achieving sales targets and meeting deadlines A background in direct marketing and consumer data or and industry knowledge would be advantageous but is not essential. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SalesExecuitve_job****