Title: Business Development Executive – sensors and instrumentation
Webindex: 69993903
Company: TMP & Associates Ltd
Description: An outstanding opportunity for career progression in a growing international business with a wide, cross sector customer base The Company Our client is recognized as an international centre of excellence in the vibration monitoring market and has a wealth of experience in the design and manufacturing of industrial vibration sensors for various applications (including the steel , pharmaceuticals, wind power, marine, paper, quarrying and food drink industries). With global presence, they manufacture and supply to over 44 countries worldwide to a wide variety of organisations ranging from internationally renowned systems integrators and distributors to international offices, agents, individual vibration consulting companies and OEM's. The Opportunity Reporting to the Managing Director the p rimary responsibility of role is t o provide a viable and sustainable Sales Pipeline and Revenue Stream with a particular focus on Asia. Main Duties and Tasks will include: Developing strategic ideas and proposals to increase revenue by identifying new opportunities. Responding appropriately to incoming sales enquiries with a view to developing business opportunities Acquiring an extensive comprehension of present market trends and developments. Coordinating sales support for distributors and agents with HS marketing materials. Researching new markets to identify potential customers and existing for sales growth opportunities. Maintaining and updating customer database. Networking with clients and industry contacts. Regular feedback and ‘headline’ reporting to the MD The Candidate The successful candidate will have demonstrable experience in a similar role in a manufacturing or similar industrial company. Ideally, but not necessarily, with experience of the Asian market. Main personal attributes required include: •Good commercial and business acumen •Excellent communications skills, •To be selfmotivated but able to work as part of a team •Good organisational and timemanagement skills •A positive attitude •Good negotiation skills and persuasiveness •Confidence presenting to groups of people •Initiative and enterprise •To be an effective leader •Trustworthiness and discretion when handling confidential information •A smart appearance and professional manner •Building relationships, networking and meeting new people In addition candidates must be computer literate with good experience of Word, PowerPoint and Excel together with knowledge of CRM systems pipeline software. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentExecutivesensorsandinstrumentation_job****