Title: Sales manager  outstanding opportunity
Webindex: 55416220
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: Keywords  Health sector, networking, high net worth clients, KPI targets, referrals, consultative selling, advertising. Sales manager  Outstanding opportunity Health Care East Poole, South Coast Basic Pay ****k, ****k****k OTE Our Client is one of the most well established companies in the UK health care industry. They specialize in providing high end health care services to private clients. The organisation provides a fantastic opportunity for the successful candidate to work in an exclusive environment which will offer fantastic financial rewards. The Role: You will expected to report into the sales director and will have a substantial amount of responsibilities in implementing various business development and sales strategy's, which will focus on the following:  Face to Face consultation with high net worth clients.  Generating new business leads from various sources such as, coldcalling, Emailing and marketing.  Hosting and attending networking events to boost the overall profile of the company.  Selfmanaging targets and KPI given, reaching the company's expectations.  Building relationships with referral sources. Requirements: Below is listed the client's requirement expectations for the role within the health sector  A proven track record of sales  A proven track record of achieving sales targets  The ability to communicate with high net worth clients clearly and confidently  Must be driven with the desire to achieve the best results for both the company and client  Exposure to delivering presentations  The ability to build good relationship rapoor and trust  Speaking with customers to generate new leads through referrals.  Work effectively in a KPI environment, hitting targets  A proven consultative selling technique  The ability to use IT equipment and manage database information  Enthusiastic, professionally conducted, positive attitude, Punctual This is an outstanding opportunity to join my client's organisation, this role will enhance your career prospects and further your career development within the health sector. health sector networking high net worth clients kpi targets referrals consultative selling advertising