Title: Graduate Opportunity for a Resourcer/Researcher in Oil & Gas
Webindex: 71189527
Company: Petroplan
Description: Would you like to be part of an organisation which offers indepth industry training, quick career progression and exciting opportunities? The Company Petroplan is a specialist recruitment organisation which has been operating in the oil, gas and energy industry for the past 3**** years. Our clients include world leading energy brands that are seeking highly skilled professionals for global upstream projects. Within a competitive market, Petroplan is set apart due to the long term relationships we have with leading clients and professionals based on personal services which deliver outstanding results. We have offices in Europe, the US , Canada , Asia and Middle East which deliver services to customers throughout forty countries. This position is based at Petroplan’s headquarters in Guildford town centre, five minutes walk from the mainline station, with free onsite parking. The Department Due to a change in company strategy, we are seeking a number of Researchers to become an integral part of Petroplan’s customer focused Recruitment teams. Each team is responsible for attracting and engaging contract and permanent professionals on behalf of a diverse client portfolio based in the UK and abroad. Between **** and **** people are in each team, including Researchers, Recruiters and an Account Manager, who has overall team responsibility. The role is office based and involves a high degree of candidate and client contact. Roles and Responsibilities Daily passive and active candidate search using Linked In, job boards and our current database Developing strong relationships with candidates to ensure Petroplan is their recruitment partner of choice. This will include, but is not limited to, candidate networking, identifying and arranging attendance at appropriate networking events, researching and analysing relevant industries to source candidates with relevant transferable skills Sourcing and selecting candidates to match requirements, working closely with the relevant recruitment consultant on each requirement Advertising requirements to potential candidates Interviewing candidates where necessary Qualifying candidates on behalf of recruitment consultants Building the business’ candidate database, ensuring all candidates’ full details are stored and kept updated Ensuring quality assurance and compliance You will be liaising with and building relationships with candidates at different levels and across different upstream disciplines. Hours Core hours will be 8.30 am to 5pm. Although the role is mainly deskbased, you may well get the chance to meet clients and candidates both on and off site. Key Attributes – You will: have an inquiring and inquisitive mind which thrives on building relationships at all levels have excellent interpersonal and communication skills be able to gain people's confidence, put them at ease and develop relationships quickly be persuasive and persistent be flexible and adaptable have good organisational and administrative skills have excellent IT skills – a working knowledge of Linked In is preferred as is database experience have the ability to work well under pressure, with a robust and resilient attitude in order to deal effectively with work demand have a good eye for detail, presentation and overall high work standards have a committed, keen and hard working attitude; able to prioritise and deliver results academic qualifications aren’t essential but having good A’level/graduate grades (or equivalent) will give you an advantage. resourcing experience and an engineering qualification is an advantage but not a necessary prerequisite. Development Opportunities As a business we are committed to providing in house development to help our people progress in their careers, in addition to on the job learning. Promotion into a consultancy, business development or management role is a genuine possibility – particularly if you're consistently delivering, or exceeding, targets and making a strong impression with clients, candidates and colleagues. Remuneration We offer a competitive base salary of up to **** dependant on experience, with a range of benefits to include contributory pension, private medical insurance, group life cover and 25 days holiday per annum. All offers of employment will be subject to a 6 month probation period, your eligibility to work in the UK and satisfactory references being received. Petroplan is an Equal Opportunities Employer To apply, please send your CV, stating your current salary and your salary expectations to Adrian Robertson, Account Manager  EPC at adrian.robertsonPetroplan.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateOpportunityforaResourcerResearcherinOilGas_job****