Title: Sales  Top Company  Unlimited Earning Potential  Belfast City Centre
Webindex: 71375270
Company: Market Resource Partners
Description: We are looking for aspiring technology sales and marketing professionals to join our crossbrand inside sales team as Account Executives. Our AEs execute B2B prospecting strategies on behalf of our clients, which include many of the most important and well known technology companies in the world. The role offers a competitive base salary, uncapped performancebased monthly bonuses, daily and weekly sales incentives, and a clear path for longterm career development in the booming field of technology sales and marketing. We are hiring for this position in our Belfast, Northern Ireland, office from which we serve the US and EMEA markets. At MRP, aspiring professionals have the opportunity to build a foundation in IT sales and marketing by working with a variety of the most prestigious brands and sophisticated messages in the technology industry. Our culture rewards strong performance and ambition with generous compensation and ample opportunities for career advancement. Key Areas of Responsibility: Prospecting (placing outbound sales calls) to generate sales leads and transition leads into qualified customer engagements for our technology clients across the globe. Lead/engagement management by confirming appointments and conducting follow up feedback calls. Prospect record maintenance of all sales and prospecting activities including sales calls, closed sales, and followup activities within the company’s CRM system. Source and maintain contact information, cleanse and develop data and generate awareness for campaign clients. Utilize presales technical resources to assist with salescycle management. Key Success Profile: Demonstrated ability to work in a fast paced environment and deliver on commitments (targets). 6 months of outbound B2B sales experience. Excellent listening, verbal communication, and writing skills. Versatile, resourceful, passionate approach to work functions. Creative solutionselling skills. Experience communicating with Clevel or technical (IT) and business solutions audiences. Strong negotiation skills. Team oriented, enthusiastic, and selfmotivated. Strong PC skills, including knowledge of Outlook, MS Office (Word, Excel) and CRM applications. BA/BS within Business (BIT), Computer Technology (CIT), or Marketing would be a plus. To support our clients in EMEA, candidates that have fluency in both English, native French, Czech/Slovak, German, Spanish, are also needed to support our global programmes. Career focused candidates are urged to apply by sending their CV as an attachment in Word format today We have immediate openeings for talented sales people.