Title: Inside Sales
Webindex: 66980893
Company: ARM
Description: Senior Sales Executive field sales ****k/****k basic with double OTE non Capped Commission Location Sheffield A fantastic opportunity has arisen to work for a leading telecommunication organisation. My client is currently seeking inside sales/Account Manger with a solid track record in telecoms sales to join a progressive and highly regarded team. My client has been established for over 7 years and has expanded via organic growth and now offer a highly scalable data infrastructures that embrace best of breed technology whilst still supporting legacy applications Secure connection to the Internet, hosting equipment or a global Wide Area As a business to business supplier, my client focuses on UK based organisations mid to large enterprise. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES: To achieve and exceed a sales booking number in line with targets. Be responsible for selling solutions in a consultative way, also with ability to position and sell the whole company vision and portfolio. Developing and executing individual sales plans in line with team targets and regional objectives. To manage their individual sales business in line with company guidelines. JOB SPECIFICATION Proven personal sales track record. Proven track record in the field of selling Telecoms solutions sales in a consultative environment. Excellent business acumen. Must have a good level of technical knowledge across a wide range of unified communication technologies. Good standard of written, verbal communication and presentation skills. Good timemanagement and organisational skills and the ability to work to tight deadlines. Ability to represent the company strongly overall in front of groups (internally and externally). Excellent communication and motivational skills. Measurable Factors: Must be results focused. Passion for technology and service to end users. Absolute understanding of the sales and buying processes. Strong working relationship within the organisation. Flexible and proactive disposition. Strong assertiveness skills. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, SaaS, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunication