Title: Sales / Project Manager
Webindex: 70077956
Company: Cooper Golding Ltd
Description: Our client is a manufacturer and wholesaler of plant and industrial components based in the South West of England with a fully equipped manufacturing facility supplying Original Equipment Manufacturers, Military Equipment Suppliers and Wholesale Companies worldwide. Now embarking on an ambitious process to promote their capabilities within the wider Group both for OE and aftermarket sectors. Based in Exeter Purpose of Role: Managing a project interfacing between their parent company purchasing and engineering functions globally to maximise the internal business between the two. Responsible for creating and delivering sales strategy and play a fundamental role in developing future growth, and provide vision, direction and leadership. Specific duties include: Developing strategy, tactics, sales plans/budgets and profit targets. Delivering sales by developing customer relationships. Identifying and reporting on business opportunities with target customers. Achieving targets for revenue, profitability and sales growth. Provide direction and leadership of the sales team. Management of key accounts Officebased, but also spend time visiting customers. The job will involve travel in both the UK and abroad. Skills: Knowledge of purchasing, engineering and Product development would be advantageous. Excellent sales and negotiation skills Good business sense The ability to inspire, motivate and lead a team Initiative, drive and enthusiasm Excellent communication and people skills Good planning and organisational skills The ability to work calmly under pressure Good IT, budget and report writing skills A full driving licence Personal Qualities: A proven commercial management experience, together with a good record of achieving targets. Qualified Engineer (Mechanical/Manufacturing)  holding either a degree or HND. Alternatively, an expert market knowledge gained from experience in manufacturing. Fluent in English but knowledge of a second European language extremely advantageous. Remuneration: Competitive salary dependant on skills and experience, car, pension, healthcare, child care vouchers etc.