Title: IT Sales Executive Fast track Account Manager Swansea x
Webindex: 67639257
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Our client is offering an exceptional opportunity to join their sales team as an IT Sales Executive, with a fast track option into Account Management. Providing some of the most esteemed IT products to a variety of first class companies within the UK, you will work for a professional and renowned establishment. As a Sales Executive, you will become an integral part of their internal sales team, as they will invest time and money training yourself into an experienced IT Account Manager. The ideal candidate will have gained experienced in B2B sales for the last three years, and will now be looking for a new position where they can increase their salary. Our client would specifically be interested in candidates who have worked within a position selling technology as they feel that this would give you the opportunity to achieve an Account Manager position within the organisation even faster. This Sales Executive position will involve working with leading Vendors in the UK, including companies that are renowned for their specific product training; from hardware, to networking, and can consequently offer sort after skills by all IT companies. Beyond training, this fantastic company will support you developing your skills, and reach your sales targets so that you can increase your earning potential. On a daily basis, you will be speaking to the primary decision makers within businesses, selling a vast and established portfolio of solutions on offer for the company. As you advance your understanding, participate in superb training, and hit your sales targets, you will promoted to Account Manager, managing relationships and developing sales even further. Consequently on offer is a competitive starting salary with an uncapped commission, where you can continue to gain career progression. Within this opportunity, you will be receiving state of the art training which you will continue to use throughout your career. Interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please contact me on (Apply online only), or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, for immediate consideration. Commutable Locations  Swansea, Carmarthen, Llanelli, Ammanford, Burry Port, Gorseinon, Gowerton, Bishopston, Birchgrove, Port Talbot, Bridgend, Pontardawe, Ystradgynlais, Neath, Briton Ferry, Maesteg, Porthcawl, Cardiff. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions