Title: IT Vendor Management York ****k  OTE  BENS
Webindex: 69539817
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: We have an excellent opportunity for an experienced Business Manager to work for an award winning IT Provider. Specialising predominantly in Infrastructure, Security, etc, they are looking to grow their portfolio further through developing Vendor relationships. Currently they are partnered with Microsoft, VMware, etc and have leading accreditations. This organisation provides the best IT platform for all their accounts, and continually supports their employees in their goals and ambitions. The role will be based in the York area, and will include travel where required to meet with clients and other offices. You will be based both internal and external in order to oversee your business and work closely with internal staff to ensure that your renewals/administration requirements have been completed. You will be managing the entire product process from leading Vendors, and in turn, generate revenue, eliminate potential issues and provide exceptional service. You will need a minimum of 5 years experience working in a technology environment, specifically managing Vendor relationships and generating further business prospects. You will also have gained an all round knowledge within IT Solutions and Service, and have the motivation and drive to be a self starter in a new environment. Benefits include working within a friendly organisation and in an autonomous position. This is a company that care about creating results, and consequently value new sales ideas throughout the process. Within the role, there is also a car allowance, company expenses, and an uncapped commission structure. The starting salary is also dependent upon the level of experience that you have within the industry, and can be negotiable. Interested in this or other IT roles? Please contact me on (Apply online only), or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, for immediate consideration. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions. Commutable Locations  York, Haxby, Strensall, Easingwold, Pocklington, Selby, Howden, Sherbun in Elmet, Wetherby, Knaresborough, Tadcaster, Leeds, Garforth, Castleford, Ripon, Thirsk, Goole, Harrogate, Knaresborough, Rothwell