Title: Business Development Manager  Vehicle Monitoring
Webindex: 68567888
Company: London4Jobs
Description: JOB TITLE: Business Development Manager  Vehicle Monitoring SELLING: vehicle Monitoring SELLING TO: B2B TERRITORY: UK LOCATION: Reading PACKAGE: Basic: ****K, OTE: ****K, C/A Benefits COMPANY INFORMATION  Our client is a rapidly growing and highly successful venture backed SAAS (Software As a Service) company The company's heritage began in the Ireland/UK market which led to rapid customer growth and market entry into the USA in ****  The largest growing GPS vehicle tracking company in the world providing a webbased software solution to businesses with small to large fleets.  The company has offices in Dublin, London, and throughout the USA, they gives companies the competitive edge to manage key aspects of their business, enabling them to decrease operating costs and increase revenue.  Business Development Manager  Vehicle Monitoring KEY EXPERIENCE REQUIRED  Background:  Will demonstrate consistent over achievement of targets in a competitive sales environment.  Qualifications:  Requires strong sales experience and phone skills  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Experience with business R.O.I. and operating expense management messages  Resourcefulness in solving problems  An ability to respond with a sense of urgency in a sales driven culture  Excellent interpersonal and team skills.  Strong computer skills  (MS Office, Outlook, N/A )  Strong work ethic  Ideally Five or more years of experience high activity business to business sales environments  Prior B2B SaaS experience, Webex, and/or virtual sales beneficial but not mandatory. ROLE INFORMATION  This is a high earning uncapped role for truly outstanding sales professionals with considerable experience in new business appointment setting and selling.  It will see you based from the Reading office from 8am  4pm.  You will be based from the phone targeting 100% new business, You will be setting appointments for the SD to attend a meeting to close the business.  You will be running demonstrations with clients, if necessary.  You will be given around 4 leads a week from the marketing campaign that the company run and targeted to sell around **** units per month.  Purpose of Position and Business Impact:  Build new business opportunities by identifying prospects needs and matching the FleetMatics solution to those needs. Qualify lead streams and build opportunity pipeline.  Objective: To book sits which are online demonstrations of the solution mapped to customer requirements.  Drive Sales cycle to achieve monthly revenue and unit sales targets  Objective: Demonstrate the solution over the web and telephone, generate desire and close the business.  Business Development Manager  Vehicle Monitoring Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. Please contact Guy DaltonGriffin on N/A or Please hit the apply button. This job was originally posted as N/A .uk/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentManagerVehicleMonitoring_job****