Title: Trade Counter Sales Person
Webindex: 69004230
Company: Rhodium Consulting
Description: Experienced and enthusiastic sales person required to work in a small team in a growing lighting and electrical wholesale business. Role: Trade Counter Sales Person Location: Cambridge Industry: Electrical Wholesale, Lighting and Distribution Salary: Negotiable depending on skills and experience Bonus: Monthly bonuses Benefits: 23 days holiday  bank holidays rising to 25 days with length of service Lighting and Electrical wholesaler in Cambridge is looking for a trade counter sales person to drive sales forward whilst ensuring an excellent service is provided to all its customers. To be successful in this role you must demonstrate the ability to build strong relationships with customers and staff to ensure sales and productivity targets are met and the highest standards of service are upheld. You will be an experienced trade counter sales person with electrical wholesale experience and good product knowledge. Most of all, you will share their 100% dedication to delivering excellence in service. JOB PURPOSE Promote the business, meet set targets and maximise sales with existing and new customers. Serve customers on the trade counter efficiently and effectively Develop a highly customer service focused environment within the branch Maintain branch standards to promote the image of the Company to customers and the public in general. Utilise all resources both physical and human to maximise productivity KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Electrical wholesale sales experience Good product knowledge Understanding of the Market Excellent Communications Skills Computer Literate Sound Numeracy and Literacy skills Commercially minded Customer Focused Stock Management skills You will be working within a small team of staff. Working hours will be Monday to Friday with the possibility further down the line of **** hours at the weekend perhaps once a month. If you are an experienced Trade Counter / Stores or internal sales person with customer facing experience and the enthusiasm and drive to take the branch forward, we look forward to receiving your application. This is a full time permanent position and a great opportunity to join a growing company and further establish your career within an electrical wholesale environment. Electrical wholesale experience is essential