Title: Lead Generation Specialist
Webindex: 67638930
Company: Benchmark Recruit
Description: Our client based in Sheffield, who are pioneers within the digital market are recruiting for a Lead Generation Specialist to join their rapidly expanding company. The Job Role: **** Communication: Utilise social tools like LinkedIn and Twitter, and a creative spirit, to identify potential prospects; Disseminating information to potential clients through email or social based tools; Engage with potential clients via phone or email to discuss their business needs and initiatives; Work closely with the existing sales and marketing team to best target and communicate lead information. The role will involve various administration duties. **** Campaign management: Initiate new lead generation campaigns; Plan and execute email and online marketing programme, which will incorporate development of campaign themes, writing marketing copy, developing email templates, managing list development, tracking results, and directing followup actions. **** Lead management: Maintain uptodate and accurate lead generation information in Salesforce CRM; Sensitively nurture new leads. 4. Meetings: Attend relevant sales and marketing meetings; Attend client sales meetings with sales team (when required); Attend corporate events, e.g. conferences, and contribute to their organisation when required. **** Product Knowledge Build a strong knowledge of our client s key products and services in order to facilitate lead identification. The Successful Candidate:  Must be highly proficient in all aspects of English language, especially English speaking, listening and writing skills. (minimum GCSE Grade B English & C in Maths)  An honours degree in a relevant discipline. (preferably ****:**** or above)  Excellent communication, presentation and problemsolving skills.  Customer service oriented with a positive, motivated attitude.  Conscientious, hardworking and committed to learning and professional development.  Proficient IT skills with a working knowledge of Microsoft Office programs and other social tools. Some experience of Salesforce would be a plus, but is not essential.  Good organisational and time management skills with the flexibility to prioritise as necessary.  Is confident and can stay calm when under pressure. Benchmark is a leading Sheffield based independent recruitment consultancy, specialising in Sales & Marketing, IT & Technical, Creative & Digital, Office, Legal & Financial Recruitment. With flexible solutions covering both the permanent and temporary recruitment sector, Benchmark actively recruits positions from Graduate trainee, entry level roles through to senior management positions. As a local company with a national reach, Benchmark delivers first class recruitment solutions for the regions leading employers. Successfully completed assignments include roles such as: Field Sales, Account Managers, Sales Executives, Telesales, Digital Account Managers, Marketing Managers, PHP Development, Software Engineering, Java Development, Web Design, IT Support, Office Managers, Secretaries, Accounts Assistants, Financial Controllers. Paralegals, Solicitors, Patent Attorneys to name a few. To find out more about us and to view all the latest vacancies, please visit Benchmark (url removed)