Title: Key Account Manager Cloud
Webindex: 68709723
Company: Hays
Description: Key Account Manager Cloud Managed Hosting/Cloud Services  Negotiable Gloucester/Bristol/Birmingham I have an Account Manager job on in Cloud Sales. My client is a fantastic company who have gone from strength to strength over the past 3 years. Having been established for over 15 years, they have built a senior management team who in the past 3 years have taken my client from a 40m business to a 52m business, whilst at the same time transforming the business into a leader in the cloud space. They specialise purely in providing fully hosted solutions across both SaaS and IaaS, including provision of networking services too. My client are unlike many hosting providers out there. Colocation is not sold to clients, but instead a fully managed off premise solution is delivered. They guide their clients through the whole process of onsite to offsite transition, hence their sales process is multi layered and extremely consultative. As part of continued growth plans they are looking to appoint an Account Manager to ensure continued growth of key accounts in the business. As Account Manager, you will be targeted on Gross Annual Revenue, and also growth of accounts given to you. You will also be paid on new accounts you may potentially bring into the business when you join. Typical deal sizes could be in the region of ****2m average per annum. My clients key verticals include the likes of Retail, Professional Services, and Technology. Whilst no specific vertical experience is required, one of these would be desirable. My client only want someone from a pure services background. This role would suit someone from an MSP, or Cloud Services provider. It would not suit someone from a Reseller, Vendor, or Distribution background, and they will not be considered. You must show recent experience in selling Fully Hosted solutions to clients and prove competent at discussing pain points with clients. Someone from a specific Managed Hosting company is likely to be a good fit for this role. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/KeyAccountManagerCloud_job****