Title: Senior Outbound Telesales Executive
Webindex: 72231399
Company: Act Recruit
Description: Our client is one of the UK’s most successful Soft Signage, Marketing Display Fabric Printers. The Company is part of one of Europe’s leading producers delivering highly competitive solutions for clients through a low cost, high quality supply chain with facilities in Eastern Europe, the Far East and partner companies in the UK. Senior Outbound Telesales Executive  **** to **** Plus Uncapped bonus  Based in Leeds Main Duties Our client is seeking an enthusiastic, outgoing, organised B2B Telesales person to join their Leeds based Team. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate a record of success in business to business sales, will be experienced in identifying and converting new customers. You will have a mature, confident telephone manner and be able to sell to senior decision makers. You will have a confident outgoing personality and also be able to represent us on our stands at leading industry exhibitions. You may be provided with a large number of 'warm’ prospects in addition to your core new business target list. They are seeking ambitious, hungry indivisuals who want to work hard and deliver results that will recognise their activity and will be rewarded proportionally. The Ideal Candidate Candidates will be expected to have strong business acumen, be able to adapt to a fast paced business environment, be numerate and IT literate and have a telephone manner able to project the Brand Values of Europe’s leading marketing fabrics producer. You will be able to demonstrate excellent personal productivity and be used to delivering high personal productivity levels. You will be used to gaining access to decision makers and identifying who they are within large organisations. A background in Print, Media or Marketing Sales would be an advantage. A minimum of 2 years telesales experience with proof of performance within a team is essential. APPLY NOW If you feel you are the right person for this role, please respond to this advertisement straight away. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorOutboundTelesalesExecutive_job****