Title: Sales Executive/Field Sales  UK Distribution
Webindex: 67896096
Company: Logistics Recruit UK
Description: Sales Executive/Field Sales  UK Distribution My client, a leading global logistics provider, is looking for an experienced Sales Executive to sell its UK/International services. This role could possibly suit someone who has been working within a telesales/inside sales role within a logistics company who is looking to move into field sales. Role: Field Sales/Sales Executive Locatin: High Wycombe Salary: OTE ****k Industry: Sales/Distribution Reporting to the High Wycombe Branch Manager, the Sales Executive will be responsible for targeting and building a pipeline based around new business opportunities, with a focus on developing business within the Branch area. The portfolio of customers will range from small to medium sized businesses to key accounts which can be defined as minimum ****k. You will be selling a portfolio of products which include European Road and UK distribution. Main Responsibilities: Manage a variety of new business opportunities that have either been created by the central telemarketing team or have been self generated. Working independently and part of the branch sales team the Sales Executive will generate and qualify new business opportunities, by using their sales skills, planning and relationship management whilst using commercial acumen. The role will require the individual to work on long term and short term target accounts. Meet and exceed new business sales targets, in revenue and gross profit. Produce a plan to achieve these sales targets, whilst using the Geodis reporting tools. Work on own initiative and ensure all reporting processes are satisfied to the company standard. Team work within the existing Sales, Customer Services and Branch teams. Develop relationships across the Branch and also across the Company Business Units, whilst at the same time identifying opportunities that will contribute to the sales target. Meet and exceed company standard expectations, such as call rate and pipeline expectations. Required Skills: Negotiating and influencing skills Commercial skills Ability to influence and motivate customers Able to interact with all levels of contacts within small, medium and large customers To look at solutions that will maximise profit Previous experience within the distribution industry pallet/parcel sales both UK and International Highly motivated Ability to work with minimal supervision Determination to succeed Ability to meet the Company s business needs and plans Understanding of operational processes Previous Experience Solid sales experience gained either internally (telesales) or field sales Experience of logistics road freight preferable