Title: Sales Executive Brighton
Webindex: 71290968
Company: Red Flag Recruitment
Description: Starting salary ****PA. Plus opportunity to earn an extra **** in commission. The package offered is made up of a basic salary plus a results related commission scheme, access to other company benefits is also offered. We are currently recruiting for a Sales Executives who will be responsible for demonstrating the core value and benefits of the portfolio of products and services in response to mainly self sourced pursuit accounts, but also enquiries generated by the marketing department and farming existing accounts. This is a telephone sales position selling a servise to the legal industry. Combining excellent industry and product knowledge, with drive and a flair for strong relationship building on the telephone at all levels, your role will require an ability to work in an organised way with a high degree of independence, to consistently achieve and exceed challenging sales targets. The successful applicant will also maintain an understanding of new business development and strategic sales, with communication skills to enable meaningful high level sales conversations with the focus of building strong business relationships. You will present the Insight portfolio of data and mapping products to targets and provide all related supporting services to new and existing clients, using your persuasive but consultative, needs analysis, relationship selling skills, to identify opportunities and NPD where we can deliver value to the client. Our client is ruthlessly focused on their growth business and a commitment to taking a positive, proactive role in the company s continuous improvement to drive sales is expected from you. You will be subject to: Monthly sales target Conversion Rate from quotation to order Average Order Value Call Times You will be responsible for: All proposals and quotations to be completed in writing to the required standards All product enquiries to be actioned within 24 hours Forecast pipeline maintained Weekly and Monthly reporting You will: Demonstrate a personal commitment to outstanding customer service Build positive working relationships with all clients Play an active part in fostering open and two way communications. Contribute in a practical way to consistent innovation and NPD to help others to realise their full potential in a rewarding environment You will be able to demonstrate a: Positive Enthusiastic Attitude Self Motivated Strong Negotiator Assertive Competitive Reliable Consistent Performer Used to exceeding targets Team Player Good Communication Skills Being able to speak to people on all levels Methodical Flexible and willing to go the extra mile Great Time Management Able to work in a highly focused sales environment, under pressure and to deadlines If you are interested in applying for this role and believe you have suitable experience, please contact Toby Reece. Please apply by sending your CV to: toby.reeceredflagrecruitment.com Red Flag Recruitment is a Recruitment Agency. If you do not hear from us in the next 7 days then I am afraid that your application has been unsuccessful