Title: Field Sales  Gurus Required
Webindex: 72243269
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: A Field Sales Team Leader or Manager is required to join a leading provider of high quality donor acquisition services to the UK charity sector. They are responsible for raising tens of millions of pounds annually. As a Field Sales Team Leader or Manager you will be tasked with developing your own business network and working towards the clearly set criteria to take on a limited company within the wider company network. You will have to work hard to make this goal a reality, the rewards on completion will spur you forward, and your Partner/Director will provide you all the support and training you'll need along the way. You and your team will be working in retail venues or on residential campaigns across the Brighton area and soliciting regular donations from them for their highprofile charity partners. Successful candidates will demonstrate the following skills and attitudes:  Proven record of successful direct approach fundraising or direct sales, leadership and staff development  Ambitious and results focused  A genuine drive to hit and exceed sales targets  An interest in charity or social welfare In return, they offer:  An excellent remuneration package  Industry leading training and development  High levels of ongoing support  A strong team spirit, culture and ethos They have exciting opportunities for highly motivated individuals to join them as a Field Sales Team Leader or Manager for their fundraising operation in the Brighton area. They offer an excellent uncapped remuneration package with a realistic OTE of ****  ****  per annum. Remuneration is based on a profitshare scheme, however during the first month in post they offer guaranteed earnings. If you're an ambitious and enthusiastic person with a proven track record and want to make the next step in your career then apply today An immediate start is available for the right candidate. You may have experience of the following: team leader, regional manager, coach, charity street fundraiser, charity fundraiser, fundraiser, fundraising, face to face fundraising, notforprofit, charity, door to door, sales, direct sales, business development, telesales, sales executive, door to door sales, field sales, sales rep, field sales rep, charity promotions, telesales agent, sales coordinator, b****c sales, contractor, crew leader, assistant owner, owner. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FieldSalesGurusRequired_job****