Title: Business Development Executive  Belfast
Webindex: 70713814
Company: CPL Newry & Belfast
Description: On behalf of our client within the IT sector; CPL NI are seeking to recruit a Business Development Representative Belfast Office We are looking for a Business Development Representative (BDR) who has a proven track record in outbound lead generation and prospecting. This person needs to have a handson attitude, great verbal skills etc The role will involve working closely with Experienced Regional Account Managers and a marketing team to build a working knowledge of the business that can be leveraged to campaign execution and feedback, lead maturation and ultimately delivery of qualified leads for the organization. Key Responsibilities Identifying revenue opportunities from new prospects and existing customers Perform **** outbound calls daily. Close Business Set qualified appointments for sales team with C Level contacts within Global **** organizations. Followup all marketing events (webinars, trainings, email campaigns) with calls to attendees and existing Salesfcorce.com database. Provide prompt, courteous and professional response to customer/prospect s questions. Required Skills/Experience: 34 years of telesales experience in a hightech (preferably enterprise software ) businesstobusiness environment with heavy outbound cold calling and prospecting activities. Experience of Open Source sales strategy would be beneficial Selfstarter with ability to quickly learn and articulate the technical and business value of software solutions. The ability to prioritize and complete tasks in order to deliver desired outcomes within allotted time frames. Technocentric with experience of using proven tools instead of looking for shortcuts or creating their own Proven ability to develop relationships both externally and internally Verifiable track record of meeting and exceeding sales objectives. Excellent interpersonal and communication (oral written) skills. The ability to quickly recover from adversity. The ability to establish a process for activities necessary to reach targeted goals Proven comfort and skill to navigate through all levels of an organization. Experience thriving in a metrics driven sales environment. Passion for daily success, significant performance based income potential and stock options. For more information on this role please call Andrea on: **** or click on apply to be considered for this role