Title: PPC Manager/Strategist/Search/Paid/SEM
Webindex: 69039842
Company: Salt
Description: Paid Search Strategist  London  ****k  PPC, Account Manager, SEO, Paid Search, Online Advertising, Bid Management, Analysis My client is a interactive marketing agency with global staff creating awardwinning and innovative work, across a Fortune **** client portfolio. You will evangelise Search internally and with clients. A superb opportunity has arisen for a Paid Search Strategist to join their very successful performance Marketing team. Reporting directly to the Head of Search, you will own responsibility for PPC account execution. The key daytoday tasks of the PPC Manager include: Daytoday management, reporting and optimisation of clients paid search campaigns Responsible for producing detailed analysis of regular and bespoke clients reports using engine and third party tracking data Maintain a close working relationship with search engines and technology suppliers. Provide client account ownership and strategic oversight. Provide detailed guidance and support for PPC auditing and assessments, strategic recommendations and implementation efforts, and ongoing maintenance and reporting. Support and participate in client proposals and presentations. Awareness of other channel disciplines and the practicalities of integrating with appropriate SEO, analytics and optimization team members and associated initiatives. Stay uptodate with changes in the online marketing and search landscape, including tool recommendations, strategies, industry news, etc. Work with management to identify areas for process improvement and new solutions. Monitor, define, document, and implement best practices for PPC analysis and reporting Work with Director to develop and revise operational practices and processes for internal teams. You will be an experienced PPC Account Manager with the appropiate mix of technical, creative, and clientfacing competencies. Key attributes of the PPC Manager include: Solid experience performing Paid Search and online advertising, preferably in a clientfacing role. Strong understanding of PPC practice and methodology. Strong understanding of bid management tool sets. Advanced knowledge of MS Excel, Word and PowerPoint Analytically minded with strong numeracy skills including capability with formulas Must be detailed oriented, have strong presentation and project management skills and excellent verbal and written communication skills To apply for the PPC Manager role, please click the 'Apply' button, alternatively please send your CV or call.