Title: Recruitment Team Leader  Permanent  Sunday Times Top 100
Webindex: 72233917
Company: Timothy James Consulting
Description: Recruitment Team Leader  Permanent  Sunday Times Top 100 ****k  commission incentives (relocation package offered if required) London Mayfair Are you looking for advancement in your career for 2013? Well why not come and work for the 2nd fastest growing UK Recruitment Company in the UK? With opportunities for growth, development and the chance to shine, we offer a fantastic company culture with competitive salary commission and exciting company incentives what more could you want? The Company Timothy James Consulting is a multiaward winning, Senior Appointments Specialist, focused on providing a quality senior appointments recruitment service within change management, project management, ICT, Marketing, ECommerce, Human Resources, Procurement and Finance. Voted in the Top 10 Best Places to Work by Sunday Times Timothy James is an innovative and dynamic place to work with exciting career opportunities. Due to the fantastic year on year growth we are now looking to expand our London Permanent team and are looking for an experienced Team Leader to come into the business to contribute to the continuing growth of the office. The Team The London Permanent team are small but perfectly formed with all Consultants at an experienced level working Media, Retail/ Ecommerce and Financial Services. They are all specialists within their sectors and pride themselves on a premium service delivery for both their clients and candidates. As a team they like to work hard both individually but also as a collective, sharing leads and developing clients as a group to maximise business potential. You At Timothy James we are looking for an inspirational individual who is as passionate about the development of people as we are. As a team leader you responsible for supporting and mentoring the current team to facilitate growth in GP and to grow the team in headcount. You will also be tasked at the training of new consultants into your team as we grow the business in 2013. As a billing manager you will be working in a specialist industry area in an end to end recruitment role, chasing, sourcing and filling senior appointment vacancies. To be considered for this position you must display;  A proven track record of recent perm billing  New business generation and the ability to build and sustain strong Client relationships  Proven ability to develop and deliver a strong sales strategy  Positive, enthusiastic personality with a passionate desire to hit and succeed challenging targets  Track record of successfully training and developing consultants to improve their skills and achieve their promotional prospects Here at Timothy James we pride ourselves on our high level of service and delivery standards, and this is fantastic opportunity join a growing and reputable business. Our recent awards for the Virgin fast track 100 are testament to our success we are now looking for talented people to come and join us to facilitate further growth within the company. If you are interested in applying for this opportunity with Timothy James Consulting please send an updated copy of your CV to Ben Gill on b.gilltimothyjamesconsulting.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RecruitmentTeamLeaderPermanentSundayTimesTop100_job****