Title: SALES & MARKETING EXECUTIVES WANTED  IMMEDIATE START AVAILABLE
Webindex: 66943965
Company: Pure Online Recruitment
Description: Sales and Marketing Executives in Birmingham A number of clients rely on this Sales and Marketing Company as the ultimate compliment to their media based campaigns. Throughout 2013 they are diversifying their portfolio and looking to double their sales, marketing, administrative, public relations, and customer service teams. Location: Birmingham City Centre ****  **** per week average earnings (uncapped) They are looking for Sales and Marketing Executives who: • Are keen to learn new skills and experiences in the sales and marketing industry • Are looking for a rapidly progressing company • Are ambitious and selfmotivated • Want a career with rewarding outcomes • Want to work in a great team atmosphere • Would thrive on teaching others • Are excited about management opportunities Their Sales and Marketing Executives become experts in helping the clients gain new, profitable customers by taking the time to meet with them in person. Onthespot answers to questions and the ability to make a decision in a comfortable environment often puts these customers at ease. In 2013 they intend to be the clients’ number one source of new customer acquisition. Please note this opening involves face to face sales, so great communication skills, a smart appearance, and high quality customer service is a must. If you’re looking for an opportunity as a Sales and Marketing Executive to develop your business communication skills, advance based on your performance, and build a foundation for your career; they’d love to hear from you. MARKETING AND SALES EXPERIENCE IS NOT REQUIRED AS THE CLIENTS RUN EDUCATIONAL PRODUCT KNOWLEDGE TRAINING AND PROVIDE RELEVANT PRODUCT TRAINING MATERIALS. Candidates should have strong communication skills, enjoy interacting with people, and be able to contribute in a team environment. They are looking for individuals who after 1224 months of completing a Business Development Programme will have all the skills and knowledge needed to complete part of the company’s expansion by managing one of the new offices to be opened in 2013 either here in the UK or Europe OPPORTUNITIES TO TRAVEL ARE AVAILABLE Please click to apply for this opportunity as a Sales and Marketing Executive in Birmingham If the details shown on your CV match our client's requirements, we will provide our client with your full details so that they can judge whether you may be suitable for the opportunity advertised. Your details, as submitted by you, will only be used in relation to this specific opportunity. By applying to this advert and submitting your CV and/or cover letter to us, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose. The opening is varied, and does involve an element of facetoface sales with the general public across a variety of locations and media including at their own homes. As such, impeccable customer service levels are needed at all times. Please note that this is a selfemployed opportunity that does not have a basic salary, which allows for completely uncapped earnings on a 100% performance related basis. Pure Online Recruitment is a flat fee online recruitment company that actively recruit for the following roles: Sales Executives, Marketing Representatives, Sales Trainees, Marketing Executives, Sales Representatives, Marketing Trainees, New Business Sales Executives, Graduate Openings, Account Managers, Graduate Training, Promotions, PR, Customer Service, Telesales, Travel, Tourism, Advertising, Retail, Entry Level, Graduate, Call Centre and Telemarketing in Birmingham. Ref: MCX****E