Title: Conference & Business Lounge Manager
Webindex: 68069555
Company: Regus
Description: Key Responsibilities: v Responsible for running the conference facility on a daytoday basis. Main focus to increase MR revenue through the delivery of exceptional standards of customer service and through local marketing and networking. vConducts all tours with the aim to build relationships and convert an enquiry into a new Regus Customer. v Confidently sell the full range of Businessworld products through B2C facing activities. vProvides a resource for clients seeking information and recommendations with a thorough understanding of all key services and products available throughout the Regus Portfolio v Holds team meetings to ensure that all relevant team members are briefed on daily meetings and client requirements. vEnsuring front of house, Housekeeping, Health Safety, Visual and Brand Company Standards are delivered and maintained representative of a **** star business. v Prioritising and delegating daily duties to meet deadlines and customer needs. vMotivates team to achieve conference budget targets and provides training as and when required. v Ensure all meeting room client requests are dealt with in a timely and professional manner and MR's are set up to clients' specification. vManage the provision of all Audio, IT and catering services to the MR's by third party suppliers through to invoice. v Serves as the first line of escalation for Customer complaints and providing a solution to any issues raised. vResponsible for increasing, maintaining and marketing MR database of local clients. vResponsible for increasing MR revenue and selling full range of Businessworld products by generating new clients through prospecting, flyering, eshots and client referrals. v Liaise with International Sales Office (ISO) to ensure enquires and bookings are passed to the conference centre. v Working alongside MR Regus Account Managers when dealing with a large meeting room booking, or potentially a national client. vLiaise with both billing and accounts payable teams in the Shared Service Centre (SSC) to ensure correct and smooth payment of MR invoices and help to resolve any invoice disputes. Key Criteria: Essential ?? B2C facetoface customer service experience. ?? Experience of working within a conference or events industry. ?? Professional communication skills, both verbal and written. ?? Experience of supervising or managing a team. ?? Proven experience of account management and issue resolution. ?? Customer focused with the ability to build longterm relationships. ?? Evidence of strong organisational skills, including the ability to prioritise, multitask and delegate workload effectively. Desirable v B2B face to face customer service Experience ?? Experience of Regus's internal reports and systems. ?? Previous operations experience and management responsibilities within Regus. ?? Degree in Business or Hospitality. ?? Previous experience within serviced office or other service related industry. ?? Proven experience of preparing and managing budgets, utilising Profit and Loss reports to control budgets and take corrective action as required. Competencies: PACE AMBITION We are passionate about what we do and act promptly to achieve our goals. INSPIRING AND LEADING OTHERS Inspires and leads individuals toward higher levels of performance. CUSTOMER FOCUS Dedicated to meeting and exceeding the expectation and requirement of all customers. COMMERCIAL AWARENESS Recognises how business works and understands and applies commercial and financial principles. ACHIEVEMENT DRIVE Seizes opportunities to achieve and exceeds both business and personal objectives. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ConferenceBusinessLoungeManager_job****