Title: Property Investment Brokers Needed
Webindex: 68258312
Company: West London Brokers
Description: Property Investment Brokers Needed West London Brokersis the UK’smost successful alternative investment house based in SW London. We are in good location close to all public transport links, shops, cinemas, near the river. We are a cuttingedge investment firm specializing in the sale of investment overseas in the emerging markets arena and now looking to recruit and train some very lively people to follow our formula for success and also to expand our dynamic sales team. Take this as an earlyin opportunity in a growing niche market which is expanding rapidly. Our goal is to cultivate and develop top performing brokers for a long term mutually beneficial career. We seek to interview experienced and nonexperienced, and newinvestment brokers who are motivated, competitive, sharp and welldisciplined. Your role will consist of calling from a prequalified database and building your client base, predominantly over the telephone. Upon establishing these relationships, you will introduce your private individual to investment opportunities offering extremely attractive returns. You will be trained in how to approach and show them the returns that will make and you build a friendly rapport to secure their future longterm business. The right candidate will be well spoken, great command of the English language, intelligent and a fast thinker. You will all so be required to think on your feet and adapt to market changes. Solid sales skills and a “can do” attitude is essential. All successful candidates must be self motivated, reliable and punctual. The majority of the business you bring in will be from outbound calls; the company has a high business conversation rate. This is an exciting, fastpaced position with great potential for advancement.Sociable working hours MonThurs 11.00am till 8.00pm Friday 10.30am to 4.00pm The ideal candidate will have **** year’s experience of stock broking or highend financial sales, you must also have strong experience in closing investment sales over the phone and have excellent rapport building skills. Please send an up to date CV to Layla Summers on, jobswestlondonbrokers.com if you are selected we will call you to assess suitability on the phone followed by a formal interview in our offices in SW London. Or you call the recruitment team on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/PropertyInvestmentBrokersNeeded_job****