Title: IT Sales Account Manager  Bracknell  ****k  OTE
Webindex: 71669364
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: Our client has a fantastic new opportunity to join their growing company. The role will involve working at their offices near Bracknell, as part of a team of twelve Account Managers. You will provide a range of Security Solutions to businesses across the world as this is an established and large organisation. In turn, you will work within a lively environment with friendly and outgoing sales staff. You will also enjoy a competitive starting salary with a commission structure and ongoing career development. The role will entail internal sales including account management and new business generation. You will be responsible for working towards targets and managing various technical sales projects. At the same time, you will ultimately be providing fantastic customer service, and increasing your accounts to achieve commission rapidly. You will require at least two years experience in a technical sales role so that you have a grounding knowledge. This role requires a candidate who can be technically minded to offer a full range of solutions to customers and consultatively maximise revenue. Basic salary is 25k with on target commission in your first year of ****k. You will also be entitled to 25 days holiday, contributory pension, etc. There is also a fantastic chance for career progression, and you will also have the chance to improve your skills through various training within the company, including Vendor training. Interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please contact me on **** **** or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, gemma.bubbpenguinrecruitment.co.uk for immediate consideration. Commutable Locations  Bracknell, Sandhurst, Camberley, Lightwater, Binfield, Wokingham, Ascot, Yateley, Earley, Shinfield, Twyford, Reading, Farnham, Farnborough, Woking, Guildford, Aldershot, Fleet, Hartley Wintney, Hook, Odiham, Addlestone, Leatherhead, Windsor, Egham, Slough. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITSalesAccountManagerBracknell25kOTE_job****