Title: Telecoms Account Manager
Webindex: 69635657
Company: Direct Response
Description: Direct Response is searching for an experienced Telecoms Account Manager to join our award winning and expanding team. We have a strong foot hold in the UK telecoms market with many household names part of our impressive customer base. As an Account Manager you will be responsible for hitting personal and team targets in a daily customer environment reporting directly to the Director of Telecoms. You will be working closely with the BDM’s, product managers and customer support team to ensure go lives are seamless and customer requirements are managed and met. This role will also involve upselling and cross selling to existing customers and the retention of new business. It will be expected that you call through your base once a month and perform an account cycle and ‘intel’ call. You will be tasked with hitting monthly and annual targets being **** per calendar month and 99% retention of existing business. As Telecoms Account Manager you will liaise and interact with all our internal and external customers and partners. Requirements: 3 years working in the Telecoms industry in a B2B environment Excellent communicator in both written and telephone roles. Good Computer Literacy Past experience in sales, telephone prospecting, retention and account management. Past experience in business to business, face to face appointments. Excellent record at hitting targets Good written and spoken English Good prioritisation skills Good rapport building Knowledge of the Business to Business Telecommunications market as a whole Full UK Driving license About the company: Direct Response is an award winning voice, data and contact centre renowned for the service quality and wide array of products and services that we provide to our customers. We are a successful and growing company where staff development and recognition is a central and integrated feature of a company driven by a strong culture and values. This role is based from our Head Office in Hammersmith. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Account Manager to join a stimulating and progressive working environment. The basic for this role is ****K with OTE ****K. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/TelecomsAccountManager_job****