Title: Bilingual (German) Business Development / Sales Manager
Webindex: 71529918
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: An established and wellknown international financial services firm is looking for a successful Bilingual (German) Business Development Manager / Sales Manager based in the Reigate area, Surrey / Sussex borders. It is essential be fluent in English and German (ideally), Spanish or French to be considered for this role. Reporting into the VP/ Head of Global Business Development, the successful candidate will be responsible for driving new client development activity for principally the German market through both new sales and maximising revenue streams from global accounts. Duties will include identifying, qualifying and developing a global sales pipeline, organising and attending meetings with clients, building strong relationships as well as preparing proposals or tender responses. In order to be suitable for this role you must have experience in a Business Development Manager, Sales Manager, Client Relationship Manager, Account Director or similar role. It is essential to have a proven successful track record of managing sales and demonstrable experience of developing business. Experience of managing complex financial data and statistics in order to create first class proposals is also required. The ideal candidate will have both experience of working in the financial services industry and an existing strong network of strategic clients across Europe (ideally at global decision making level), however these are not essential. This is an excellent opportunity to join a stable and growing global financial services firm. This role is paying a basic salary of **** plus benefits that generally include contributory pension, healthcare, life assurance and up to 25 days holiday. When you apply for this Bilingual (German) Business Development Manager / Sales Manager position please ensure that you include all relevant skills and experience to stand the best chance of securing an interview. Please send a WORD CV indicating reference number ASH****GER in the subject line of your email. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies.