Title: Trilingual Spanish, Italian English Account Manager
Webindex: 69003097
Company: Global Vision Recruitment Ltd
Description: A client of ours is devoted to deliver exceptional sales, customer service and IT support experience and is looking for potential candidates who are interested in providing excellent sales and IT support. This is a fantastic opportunity for any potential candidates who has a burning passion to help people and for anyone who wants to place an excellent Global brand on their CV and profile in order to invest in their future. We are looking for talented individuals who are trilingual in Spanish, Italian and English languages where you will be capable of managing customer service and sales. You need to have excellent communication skills and be able to interact in a positive and friendly manner with customers, clients and colleagues alike. You will be responsible for building partner loyalty, profitability and growth with a select set of partners in the fast growing Service Provider (SP) s as set by the Direct Line Manager. Production of weekly, monthly and quarterly forecasts for the client and the Direct Line Manager and ensuring their accuracy. Maintain high level of client product knowledge and procedures via management communication, meetings and formal training. Utilize tools, systems and processes effectively and correctly in order to meet client and customer s objectives. Must have: Minimum of GCSE s or high school diploma or equivalent More than one year of sales related experience Fluent in both spoken and written Spanish and Italian languages Good level of both spoken and written English Good communication skills with the ability to convey information using oral and written methods Proficient in use of Microsoft office suite and web It is a fantastic opportunity to work in our client s offices which one of the offices is based in Newcastle. This is a fantastic location as Newcastle has much historical and beautiful scenery. Salary is **** per annum or more, depending on your previous experiennce with the opportunity to earn commission. Interviews are taking place now. Relocation package includes free temporary for one month accommodation for successful candidates. Do not delay and apply now