Title: Sales Executive – Telecoms/IT Solutions – North East  ESP ****
Webindex: 70286389
Company: Enterprise Sales Personnel
Description: My client is a major IT Services and Telecoms provider that are well established and part of a huge corporation. The organisation’s solutions are rated as the best in their industry and they cater for a wide customer/client base including public/private sectors from SMB’s to large enterprise. To apply for this role the successful candidate must have experience of selling IT Services and Telecoms and must be able to demonstrate that they have consistently exceeded their targets and earned an impressive OTE. The ideal candidate will have the experience of selling IT Infrastructure, Services or Telecommunications. They must also be able to display an aptitude for new business sales into the commercial sector in the North of England. Please only apply for this role if you have the minimum experience required in the specific field advertised as without this we unfortunately will be unable to consider your application. About Enterprise Sales Personnel Enterprise Sales Personnel is a niche recruitment business operating in the UK marketplace. We recruit for a wide range of bluechip smaller high profile companies whose business is in providing Professional Services, Management Consultancy, Systems Integration and IT Hardware Software. We will treat you with courtesy and dignity and totally respect your need for confidentiality and our Consultants will take time to properly understand your aspirations and your skills. Keywords; Sales Director, Account Director, Account Manager, Business Manager, Technology, IT, Infrastructure, Sales, Sales Executive, Sales Manager, BDM, BDC, Business Development Consultant, IT Solutions, Solution Sales, Software Sales, Enterprise Sales, Voice, Data, Mobile, Networking, North, Communications, IT Services, Infrastructure Services, Monitoring and Security Consultancy, Integrated Telecoms. This job was originally posted as www.SalesTarget.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesExecutiveTelecomsITSolutionsNorthEastESP****_job****