Title: Scientific Sales
Webindex: 68347293
Company: Zest Business Group Ltd
Description: Zest Scientific sales recruitment is searching for an accomplished Scientific Sales professional with Business Development experience forged in the Life Sciences or wider healthcare sector. We are working in partnership with a leading provider of Molecular Biology Laboratory Services who is continuing to grow theirUKoperation and increase market share within the Clinical sectors. The Scientific Sales Specialist will develop new business and manage existing key accounts across a geographical area which includes Scotland, North East,Yorkshire and North West England (M62 southern territory perimeter). However, due to the location of current key accounts my client does not want the Scientific Sales Specialist to be based in Scotland and want candidates to be based within relatively close proximity to either Newcastle, Leeds or Manchester. My client is seeking an enterprising candidate with a solid academic background in Molecular Biology / Biomedical Sciences or related field who demonstrates the ability to effectively manage the defined region through structured territory management. Previous Scientific Sales experience is highly desirable; experience selling into Clinical Diagnostics would be highly advantageous. However, we are also receptive to reviewing applications from Healthcare Sales Professionals who have an undergraduate background in the scientific field who are looking to make the transition from Medical Sales into the Scientific Sales arena. The Scientific Sales Specialist will deliver a sales strategy which will ensure all opportunity business is pursued and a high conversion rate is achieved. This is an entrepreneurial role and you will identify industry trends, understand competitor strengths and weaknesses and utilise them to leverage influence throughout the sales process. The Scientific Sales Specialist will play an integral role in gathering market intelligence and providing feedback to the Marketing function, making recommendations for improvements in support material. This is a consultative sales role and you will be required to build effective relationships at all levels within an account through a combination of credible technical knowledge and a personable demeanor. We are seeking a candidate who works most effectively when their performance is measured closely on results and candidates who are able to adapt to different situations. The Scientific Sales Specialist will be rewarded with a base salary up to **** (DOE)  Bonus, Car Allowance, Healthcare, Pension. In order to discuss this opportunity in greater depth contact Zest Scientific today on **** **** or forward an updated CV