Title: Social Media PlannerUp to ****K
Webindex: 70768225
Company: SYLEX Recruitment
Description: Do you love Social Media? Have you got proven experience working in a Marketing/Media Agency running Social Media accounts? This leading media agency based in the heart of London is currently looking to recruit a forward thinking Social Media Planner who has a passion for all things Social Media The right candidate will be looking to take the next step in their career where they can learn and expand on their knowledge of the industry from some of the leading minds in the business This type of role does not come around often. The Social Media Planner`s role will be assisting the Social Media Manager and Social Media Director to plan and optimise the client`s social advertising campaigns across Facebook and Twitter. You will have experience running campaigns in a similar environment, and be comfortable with running reports and using PowerPoint and Excel. Skills and Responsibilities Required for the Social Media Planner:  Knowledge of creating and writing advertising plans in a clear and concise manner  Ability to interrupt data from Facebook and Twitter which is understood by the Planner  Very strong accuracy skills, as well as excellent written and verbal skills  Team worker, with the ability to work on your own when required  Willing to listen, learn and take responsibility  Passionate about new advertising techniques and ways to optimise your clients campaigns If you are in a similar position and you are ready to take the leap and join a fantastic agency, then this could be the perfect opportunity for you For more information about this role, please contact me, Rita Whyte on **** or email your CV to Ritasylex.co.uk. Please note: This role is not open to students who are still at University as it is a FullTime, permanent position. This is not an entry level position. Sylex currently has a number of other Digital roles available at leading media agencies that may be of interest to you. We recruit into the majority of the top 20 media planning and buying agencies as well as many strong independents. Ref: RW ****