Title: Service Delivery Lead  Exchange / Server / LAN / WAN
Webindex: 72689904
Company: IT Commercial   England North
Description: Service Delivery Lead  Exchange / Server / LAN/WAN Are you a Service Delivery Lead who is seeking a new and exciting challenge based in The Midlands? We are currently working with a global manufacture company based in The Midlands. You will report to the Senior IT Manager and will have a split of a 50% managerial and 50% handson role. You will be responsible for one head in The Midlands and **** heads in Scotland. The majority of your time will be spent in The Midlands, but there will be some travel included in your role to manage the other IT staff in Scotland. Your responsibilities include, (but are not limited to) are: Drive service improvement initiatives and plans to ensure that they are captured, scoped, costed, prioritised and delivered accordingly. Contribute to the development and implementation of Construction strategies and Global IS/IT initiatives for IS/IT service delivery and its operation, in line with IS/IT best practice. Conduct research on current Best Practice methodologies ensure implementation of research recommendations as approved by the Senior IT Manager, Construction UK. Lead the IS/IT Service Delivery Team to ensure the efficient and effective provision of services to all users of IS/IT services Responsible for direct people management of Service Delivery team Managing IT project requests, assigning and coordinating IT resources to projects based on prioritisation and communicating timelines to key stakeholders. Providing guidance and support with prioritisation of work, problem resolution and technical design requirements. Responsible for researching and evaluating new technologies and recommending their adoption by the business to the Senior IT Manager, Construction UK, Construction UK or VP Information Technology and our business where applicable and appropriate. Lead the change agenda for the delivery of information systems and technology services, ensuring improved and effective service delivery outcomes, based on effective working relationships with the Senior IT Manager, Construction UK, business relationship, infrastructure and global IS/IT teams. Planned Changes : outofhours support. Emergency Outages / Changes : outofhours response and support. You must also have the following skills: Technical: Knowledge of and experience with: PC Hardware/Software, LANS/WANS, MS Windows, Server environment, MS Exchange, backup systems, network/workstation peripherals, print servers, firewalls, spam antivirus software etc. SOX / ITIL background preferred. Firm understanding of the Construction Segment or heavy manufacturing industry. Proven ability to develop and lead strategic initiatives to drive delivery and cost improvements Experienced in leading large complex assignments that consistently achieve or surpass customer expectations. Demonstrated Business Process Flows experience required Skills: Skills in writing technical and nontechnical project materials including project plans, timelines, supplier agreements and status reports. Skills in working effectively with a diverse client base. Possess solid understanding of the enterprise business, functions, and applications. Ability to lead a team across multiple locations within Construction UK. Strategic Agility. Planning and priority setting capability. Strong analytical skills. Location: Mainly in The Midlands with some travel to Scotland (about 25%) Salary: up to ****k plus benefitsPlease note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.