Title: Project Manager Implementation EXP / Agile
Webindex: 68346635
Company: C.O.A.L IT. Services Ltd
Description: Project Manager Implementation EXP / Agile A global blue chip software company based in the heart of the West End of London seek an experienced Project Manager with strong implementation experience and experience of being a pure technical Project Manager who understands how to drive a project and lead from the front, ideally coming from an Agile environment. As Project Manager, you should be able to work with autonomy and confidence, have strong Change Management experience and a very good understanding of the full SDLC (Software Development Lifecycle). You will need to be a self starter, with a friendly open approach, but the confidence to navigate a project in the right direction and lead every aspect.  Track record in working with business and technology teams to define, develop, test and successfully deliver new products, systems, business solutions.  Proven project management skills and indepth understanding of the discipline and associated planning and control tools and artefacts.  A solid knowledge of the principles of project risk management and control.  Managing the complete project lifecycle, including planning, reporting, risk and issue management, change control, resource and capacity management and the control of development of key products, features and services from requirements definition to operational handover.  Ensuring that projects are executed within specified timeframes and budget in accordance with declared quality and benefit targets using defined controls, processes and support tools.  Creative problemsolver, exhibiting common sense, analytical reasoning skills and taking ownership of issues or impediments to the point of resolution.  Reliable decision maker with the ability to make informed decisions based upon analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgment; offers appropriate solutions and suggestions. The skills required for the Project Manager are:  Strong System / Software Implementation experience.  Agile experience / knowledge.  If have experience of Prince**** you won t just follow it to the letter, but will look at different ways of doing things (looking outside the box).  Good interpersonal skills.  Strong Stakeholder Management experience and good at communicating with the business.  Have a flexible approach to work. Project Manager Implementation EXP / Agile London, West End **** plus benefits