Title: Lead CCIE Consultant Gold Partner Finance
Webindex: 66925236
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: My client, a leading gold partner is a rapidly expanding specialist Network consultancy offering a wide variety of opportunities to work within challenging and exciting environments in up and down the country. These range from private to public sector clients. We currently seek a Network Architect to work within design and implementation phases of a number of leading projects. You will have prior experience of taking ownership of solutions and deliver on large corporate networks. Our client rotation policy will mean you will gain excellent exposure to pre sales, design, implementation and support of highend enterprise networks. You must have previous experience of working under pressure infront of the customer. Cisco CCIE qualification with strong experience of routers and switches to include exposure with design, test and implementation. Strong WAN (MPLS, BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, VPN, QoS) and Enterprise Data centre (**** **** Catalysts, Nexus switches) skills are ideal. Elective skills in Network Security (CCSP  Cisco ASA, PIX, VPN, IDS, IPS, SIM) or Wireless are of extra interest. Key skills: Cisco catalyst switches Cisco routers Cisco Nexus VMware Arista Low Latency Networking MPLS, BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, VPN, QoS Cisco ASA/FWSM firewalls, Check Point, Juniper, Cisco ACE or/and F**** load balancers Wireless Network Design, Implementation and Support Cisco CCIE Training My client develops individuals through a portfolio of training and development options such as online training, workshops, technical conferences, boot camps and much more. Pursuit of your CCIE is a reality, no matter where you are in your career. You will be working on a daily basis on project with CCIEs. You will have the opportunity to work on some of the most advanced networking hardware in the industry as well as development of your abilities and talents through certified training courses. Rewards and Benefits In return you will be awarded with a competitive salary and excellent benefits including car allowance, bonuses , private healthcare and dental care, sickness cover, share options, contributory pension scheme and the opportunity to develop your career and skills within a growing company View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position