Title: Senior Support Analyst  Linux/MySQL/ITIL
Webindex: 55408222
Company: Migration
Description: Senior Support Analyst  Linux/MySQL/ITIL This is a unique opportunity to work in a rapidly expanding organisation providing industryleading managed services to some of the world's largest brands. As a key member of the Service Delivery team reporting to the Head of Service Delivery, your role is to provide support and management of a variety of business critical systems and client services. You are responsible for ensuring optimum system availability and integrity and ensuring that incidents are managed through to resolution within SLA. This role is ideal for an experienced UNIX/Linux System Administrator or Application Support Analyst looking for the next step in their career. Primary Responsibilities  Linux/UNIX Systems Administration and Application Support  Resolving incidents within SLA, liaising with clients and working with external suppliers/agencies as necessary  Managing major incidents, communicating status to stakeholders  Contributing to management information and technical reports  Assisting other members of the team, as required  Providing input to Service Improvement Plans  Ensuring that the internal Knowledge Base, Configuration Management Database, Service Portfolios and operational processes are updated as required  Providing on call out of hours support as part of the support rota Key Skills  MUST Have Linux administration and troubleshooting skills (RHCE preferred)  Experience of MySQL  Clientfacing; able to explain complex issues to nontechnical clients succinctly while under pressure  Experience of working in an ITIL environment  Practical experience of managing and supporting businesscritical applications, ideally in a managed service environment  Good working knowledge of common networking protocols and software  Works well under pressure  Works well in a team  An interest in technology and in learning new skills  Excellent communication skills Please note that all candidates will be thoroughly tested and expected to show proof of the above. References will be checked and individuals may be expected to undergo CRB checks. Company Profile Nativ provides MioEverywhere : a platform that takes all of the pain out of video distribution, from content ingestion through delivery. It's completely changing the way content owners get their video to market and some of the world's most successful content marketers use Nativ's services to support their video logistics operations, including: BBC, Red Bee Media, Arqiva, iPlayer, MTV, TV**** BMJ, Turner Broadcasting, Sony, Getty Images, Audi, CBS Outdoor. Our MioEverywhere platform and our fanatical commitment to service and support means our customers get their video to market fast er, with higher quality and flexibility, and at a lower cost than their competitors. Nativ's Core Values and Beliefs  More Eyeballs, Fewer Tears: We provide content owners and brands with the most profitable and painfree method of taking their content to the viewers that count.  Too Much For Too Little: Content owners and brands are paying far too much for off the shelf components and taking on too much risk.  We are Brave: Nativ isn't a follower; Nativ is a trendsetter and has the confidence and belief to innovate every day, both technically and commercially. We are picking a big fight with some big players. Nativ will endure considerable stress in the short term to realise its aims.  Customer Care Equals Profits: We aren't haters. We love our customers and share their concerns.  Nativ is Exciting: Nativ will be exciting to work for and exciting to work with. Nativ will be perceived as hot, a trendsetter and a new breed of company.  Nativ Only Works With APlayers: Average people without ambition, belief or determination to make a huge difference do not belong at Nativ.  Every Second Counts: Our customers are in a hurry; nothing we do can be done slowly.