Title: UI Developer  Global Media Company  London  ****k
Webindex: 69037303
Company: Greythorn
Description: UI Developer  User Interface  Global Media Company  London  ****k  CSS3, HTML5  Working with Best Selling Brands An exciting opportunity within a Leading Media Company to join the technical operations team in the role of Lead UI working on the publishing and digital ecommerce platforms. You will have to be passionate about bringing designs to reality, creating firstclass user interfaces and ensuring exceptional attention to detail. Key Responsibilities: Work within an agile development team. Ensure all new developments go through an appropriate testing process and have solid release plans for handover to live operations and promotion into live environments. Develop websites, applications and rich multimedia experiences according to the brief and technical specifications. Work closely with other UI and back end developers to integrate the UI according to departmental standards and processes. Ensure all developments are fully documented, meet high level design requirements. Accurately report on development progress and issues, identifying remedial action when required to address problems and keep development on track. Produce UI assets (HTML, CSS, and graphics, video and rich media) in adherence to departmental standards. Work with design agencies and the user experience team to develop user interface concepts that support the intended purpose. Provide input into the design of software systems, offering advice and thoughts and providing feedback. Work within project timelines and budgets. Work independently and/or within a team as the work requires. Participate in team activities and team planning with the aim of improving team skills, awareness and quality of work Ideally from an ecommerce, media or digital agency background with the following: Expert knowledge of HTML, HTML5 elements and their application. CSS3, including Media queries, fontface and the latest selectors Understanding of Web Accessibility (WAIARIA) and general UX best practices HTML/HTML5/XHTML/DHTML JavaScript including OOP concepts,Ajax, JSON and best practices such as namespacing and DOM performance. Must be experienced with jQuery. Ability to mentor colleagues Responsive design for mobile and tablet devices Desirable skills include: ASP.net (C) Flash XML, XSD, XSL Mobile(iOS) In return my client offers excellent benefits package. UI Developer  User Interface  Global Media Company  London  ****k  CSS3, HTML5  Working with Best Selling Brands This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/UIDeveloperGlobalMediaCompanyLondon****k_job****