Title: Project Manager, Android
Webindex: 70321850
Company: JOBG8
Description: This is an excellent opportunity for an enthusiastic and talented Project Manager to join one of the leading social gaming companies worldwide. My client's games are played globally by millions every week. They currently count more than **** talented staff of many different nationalities that enjoy creating highquality games and working in a fastpaced environment in their Barcelona based offices. This role will involve leading the teams working on Android Game development projects. So an understanding of Android technologies is compulsory. The successful Android Project Manager will carry out the following responsibilities:  Support the product owner by managing the agile development process within the team: from initial concept through continuous development post launch of the game  Work closely together with producers, artists and developers  Single point of contact for customer support team  Support testing of weekly releases  Provide motivation and contribute to a positive work environment The successful Android Project Manager will have the following skills and knowledge:  Exposure to Flash development teams and technology  Familiarity with working as a Producer, scrum master or a similar role within the games industry, creating top quality games  Ability to choose agile practices best fitting to the team  Ability to communicate clearly, concisely and enthusiastically to both individuals and groups  Strong attention to detail of the product  Good logical and analytical capabilities  Well organized under pressure and capable of handling multiple tasks  Selfmotivation, initiative, curiosity and a great sense of humour  Fluent in spoken and written English and willing to learn Spainish This is a chance to contribute to a highly successful brand, feel valued and be a part of their ambitious expansion plans whilst working with like minded individuals. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today.