Title: Engineer/Physicist  Engineering, Control, MATLAB, First Class Degree
Webindex: 69043189
Company: ECM Selection Ltd
Description: Our client is an exciting Research and Development company, developing new technologies for consumer markets. They are looking for an outstanding engineer or scientist to join their small worldclass team of technologists. They are looking for someone with a creative spark, who is passionate, interested and interesting. To impress them you will need to have exemplary technical qualifications. Typically this would mean a first class Engineering or Physics degree from a top university. In addition you will need to sell your technical achievements to them, such as your PhD thesis, specialist projects, industrial achievements, patent inventions. Most importantly they are looking for raw ability. • You will have a working understanding of physics, experimental design, software engineering, control engineering, electronics and mechanics. Familiarity with MATLAB would be an advantage. • You will have the ability to communicate, show initiative, make decisions, argue your point and operate in a team. • Familiarity with high volume consumer markets such as mobile phones would be an advantage. • You will need to show boundless enthusiasm. This is a role that you can help define and mould to your skills and ambitions. You will be joining a multidisciplinary team, and they can accommodate individuals with different skill sets. You will have the opportunity to make an important contribution to a small company, with the associated risks and rewards. Another top job from ECM, the hightech recruitment experts. Even if this job's not quite right, do contact us now  we may well have the ideal job for you. To discuss your requirements call **** **** or email your CV to: registerecmselection.co.uk or visit: www.ecmselection.co.uk. We will always ask before forwarding your CV. Please apply (quoting ref: CW****) only if you are eligible to live and work in the UK. By submitting your details you certify that the information you provide is accurate. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/EngineerPhysicistEngineeringControlMATLABFirstClassDegree_job****