Title: PROJECT MANAGER, GREATER LONDON
Webindex: 68681184
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: Project Manager, Greater London. A Project Manager position has arisen at our client’s friendly and vibrant team based in Borehamwood. THE ROLE This is a long term opportunity for an experienced Project Manager who is PRINCE **** and ITIL qualified. The ideal candidate will be available at short notice, have large technology rollout experience from within the Public Sector and experience in education would be a bonus. RESPONSIBILITIES As Project Manager, the requirements and objectives of the role are:  The project is completed on time and aims of the project are met  Agreeing project objectives with the client and company management  Building and motivating the team  Organising the various professional people working on the project  Monitoring the work being done  Managing any changes to the plan  Risk assessment  Accounting, costing and billing THE COMPANY Our client is an education company, building and facilitating vibrant, connected learning communities. They provide high quality, elearning solutions and services which help schools to raise standards and progress their journey towards transformation. This is a great opportunity to join this successful private equity backed company  they are dynamic and rapidly growing and the possibilities here are endless. The package on offer is **** to **** per annum, depending on experience. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Project Manager will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK and a full valid UK Driving Licence. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Project Manager, Education, Software, This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PROJECTMANAGERGREATERLONDON_job****