Title: UX Designer role, Education Software Company, Yorkshire
Webindex: 69044910
Company: Aston Carter
Description: UX Designer role, Education Software Company, Yorkshire My client has been developing worldleading web solutions for 1**** years, predominantly for education. As one of the UK's market leading Learning Platforms, and provider to every school in Malaysia, the product has a reach of 10 million users worldwide. The company are seeking a talented midweight UX Designer to join our growing team. The company are looking for a midweight UX Designer to join their large, but still growing UX team. As a midweight UX Designer, you will be responsible for developing the best customer experiences, working in a fastpaced, 'startup like' environment. This is a handson UX design role creating worldclass interaction design for touch devices, desktops and mobile interfaces. You'll be a creative thinker who cares passionately about making user focused products. We are looking for someone that fits our culture, is hungry, and is always thinking and wanting to create exciting digital experiences. With a background of working in agencies and a minimum of 2 years' experience under your belt, your portfolio should show both smart thinking and larger site/product work. You will care about UX and will want to work with the Technical and Creative Teams to get the perfect result. Responsibilities;  Create usercentered designs by considering market analysis, customer feedback, technical constraints and usability findings.  Quickly yet thoroughly create process flows, wireframes and visual design mockups.  Develop and maintain detailed userinterface specifications.  Present design work to the user experience team, product team, and Senior stakeholders for review and feedback  Maintain a clean, organised approach to layout, visual design and typography.  Contribute to the evolution of your team's design practices, recommending improvements in existing standards and patterns or creating new patterns.  Develop and maintain consistency of accessibility and interaction design guidelines for all web and mobile activity as our clients require Skills and experience;  You will also need to have at least 2 years professional experience in an agency or similar environment.  Experience working in a collaborative team and working directly with developers for implementation of designs.  IA for complex sites/software products, ideally including mobile.  Advanced knowledge of UX software, ideally including Axure  Skilled with Adobe Creative Suite  Excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal and analytical skills. You will also need a strong portfolio that demonstrates;  flexibility of style to suit different audiences (at least 5 substantial projects)  creative problem solving and attention to detail  a strong understanding of how to balance business and user needs  evidence of producing high quality work to tight deadlines This really is a great opportunity for a midweight to join a great UX team and develop your profile working on a cutting edge, market leading product within a growing company. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/UXDesignerroleEducationSoftwareCompanyYorkshire_job****