Title: Presales Consultant  Dynamics NAV, Birmingham
Webindex: 68689432
Company: System Recruitment
Description: Presales Consultant  Dynamics NAV, Birmingham Job Type: Permanent Location: Birmingham, North Salary: **** inc Bonus Car Allowance Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Benefits: Bonus, Car allowance Reference: PreSConBirm Due to continued business success a successful, high profile company in the Microsoft Dynamics NAV consulting sector is now seeking to recruit an experienced Presales Consultant to work from offices in Birmingham. We are looking for a Presales Consultant to support the team selling Microsoft Dynamics NAV. The right individual will be asked to prepare for and carry out demonstrations to prospective customers. The characteristics of the right candidate are:  A good understanding of Dynamics NAV and how it works in all areas from finance, through distribution, logistics, manufacturing and Jobs coupled with the ability to explain that understanding to others.  An enthusiastic and outgoing personality that works well in customer facing situations.  A strong work ethic and personal drive helping them to handle periods of high intensity in the sales cycle. The role will suit individuals currently working as a Pre Sales Consultant, Presales Consultant, Post Sales Consultant, Sales Executive, BDM, Account Manager and living within a commutable distance of Birmingham, Coventry, Nuneaton, Bedworth, Tamworth, Sutton Coldfield, Solihull, Walsall, Leicester, Lichfield, Warwick or willing to relocate. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PresalesConsultantDynamicsNAVBirmingham_job****