Title: Net OO Analysis and Design Developer
Webindex: 71675576
Company: MJM Resourcing
Description: We are currently hiring for a Senior Developer to come and join our well established product development team. You will be working with a highly skilled group of people (UX, Design, QA, Back End and Front End developers), working on some fresh and innovative business ideas. The Senior Developer position requires a strong technical background, but just as important are analytical and problem solving skills and ability to communicate effectively within the team. Our ethos: As a technical team, we strive to deliver quality product. We are continuously tuning our processes and techniques in order to deliver a better product. Some of our core principles: ? SOLID code ? Collaborative working ? Agile practices ? Do not create technical debt ? Knowledge sharing The role offers an exciting opportunity to integrate into our excellent development team, working on a greenfield project and the use of the best technical solutions possible to give us the best solutions. We work in a fast paced, exciting and friendly environment, where you will have a valued constructive input and be able to see an immediate effect from the work you do. We are continuously pushing our technical boundaries, keeping up to date with the latest technologies and using all appropriate frameworks to our advantage. You will be involved in maintaining and improving already well structured agile development environment, within a team of developers who have a serious passion for their work. Key responsibilities: ? Take a key role within a team and if leading a project take responsibility for the organisation and delivery of sprints ? Analysing requirements, turning them into plausible technical solutions ? Producing effective coded solutions to business requirements. ? Work closely with the project owners and other internal teams to understand deliver business functionalities which drive our core products. ? Thorough analysis for a clear understanding of business requirements, making sure that test plans are effectively applied to all new features. ? Ensure that each project adheres to our high standards of maintainability, stability performance. ? Quick turnaround and intelligent phasing of features to provide benefits and results to the business as quickly as possible. Tech stack and exposure you will gain: High traffic consumer facing web platforms, TDD, MVC3 Razor, C .Net **** ORM, SQL Server 2K**** XML, WCF SOA REST API’s, CI. API Development, Social media integration (GRAPH API, FBQL, OAuth, Web Gardening, Distributed caching, Design Patterns, Agile, Domain Driven Development Amazon, REDIS, NoSQL Skills required: 3 years  .NET experience. Ideally **** OO Analysis and Design. Knowledge of good OO programming practice Experience working with the lasts tools and frameworks and working on high volume, low latency services is all desirable This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NetOOAnalysisandDesignDeveloper_job****