Title: Data Quality Analyst; SQL; SSRS; Holborn; up to ****k 6 months
Webindex: 72625806
Company: Langley James Limited
Description: Data Quality Analyst SQL SSRS Holborn up to ****k  6 months contract Data Quality Analyst is required by a prestigious HR solutions Company who are currently undertaking some exciting data migration projects. The Company are currently in the middle of some exciting IT projects which involves the extraction and migration of some high volume data and are seeking an experienced and talented Data Quality Analyst to assist with the analysis of information contained within the CRM systems. Data Quality Analyst SQL SSRS Holborn up to ****k &x2013 6 months contract Data Quality Analyst is required by a prestigious HR solutions Company who are currently undertaking some exciting data migration projects. The Company are currently in the middle of some exciting IT projects which involves the extraction and migration of some high volume data and are seeking an experienced and talented Data Quality Analyst to assist with the analysis of information contained within the Company&x2019 s CRM applications. Reporting directly to the Data Quality Manager, the Data Quality Analyst will be the first point of contact for quality issues and will analyse the quality of both new and old data being input using SQL and Excel. You will also hold the responsibility of educating system users on any training issues that may arise. Key skills and experience: Strong SQL, TSQL skills and experience of SSRS Strong data analysis skills Experience of developing and writing VBA Experience of testing applications MS Excel skills In addition the Data Quality Analyst will need to have excellent communication and personal skills to interact with internal Customers. The organisation are looking to recruit someone asap, initially on a 6 month fixed term contract. For the right Data Quality Analyst the Company will pay up to ****k pro rata. If you feel you have the right skills and experience, please click the apply now function.