Title: Financial Systems Manager
Webindex: 68712533
Company: Huntress Group
Description: Financial Systems Manager Coda / SalesForce / FinancialForce / Financialforce.com / Accountancy / Accounting / Finance systems / Finance / Financials Some Uk travel required. Also, good flexibility around remote/home working. They are an innovative and cuttingedge organisation, focused on providing exceptional service to their clients, and have chosen Salesforce.com as the key system to aid them in doing so. As such this position will give you great autonomy in enhancing and maintaining the Financialforce solution. They have over **** employees worldwide and turnover is around a quarter of a million pounds per annum. With such a strong market position, and such a unique offering they are looking to grow their business significantly in the next year and have great scope for progression within the organisation. To do this effectively they need the best talent. They are confident in attracting the right candidates due to the huge scope for career progression available, they also realise that they have to be realistic in the salaries they offer and have prepared a good package for the right candidate. The successful candidate will have good functional financialforce/Salesforce System management experience as well as a strong financial/accounting background. They will be a key part of maintaining and enhancing the financial system. Ideally with a formal financial qualification this role will provide an autonomous position in a dynamic and well established team. Essential Skills Experience of working with and supporting Coda or Salesforce or Financialforce (other financial systems will be considered). Sound knowledge of accounting principles. Good experience of training delivery. Exposure to process mapping in relation to system usage and development. High level of verbal and written communication and experience of liaising with colleagues at all levels. Competent in the production and analysis of data. Financial/Accountancy Qualification. Desired Skills Higher Education industry experience. Project management experience/qualification. With great potential to progress in this rapidly expanding, Multinational business there has been a lot of interest already in this position. Salary: ****K  Bonus If you feel that you are a good candidate for this role then please apply with your CV via the link below. Strictly only Open for candidates with the right to work in the UK. Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FinancialSystemsManager_job****