Title: Senior Translation Project Manager
Webindex: 68679596
Company: Language Matters
Description: Our client, a multinational bluechip company is looking for a Senior Translation Project Manager who will be required to lead a Production Project Team to comply to a given account or portfolio of accounts. The role will include delivering to schedule, within budget and to agreed quality whilst ensuring customer satisfaction. The successful candidate will have previous localisation project management and team leading experience. Profile Solid experience in Localisation Project Management Demonstrable record of driving change or process improvement Experience in managing people and leading teams Customer management experience Experience of setting and monitoring budgets Leadership skills including facilitation, motivation good communication skills Experience of working or living in a multicultural environment an advantage Degree or equivalent preferred; Second language desirable NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. To apply, please send your CV in Word format to Frank Etman, CVs in any other formats will not be accepted. We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorTranslationProjectManager_job****