Title: Service / Installations Engineer
Webindex: 68712244
Company: Randstad Managed Services
Description: Service Engineer  Edinburgh  National Coverage Upto ****K plus benefits This is a unique opportunity to join a market leader of test solutions for the communications industry. Our client is a leading provider into sectors such as telecoms, manufacturing and energy. Their product portfolio includes UMTS,LTE,IMS, SS**** GSM, GPRS/Data and CDMA. They adopt an innovative approach to provide solutions and services that have a direct impact on millions of end users. They are currently recruiting for a Service Engineer who will be required to develop a strong working knowledge of the Wireless Business Unit products provided. You will work closely with the R D team and customers that are designing leading edge communications network technologies. The role will involve providing application and technical support for Wireless Business products to include software application support as well as hardware support. Onsite visits will be required as part of this role. Your key responsibilities will be to resolve customer technical enquiries for Wireless Business products. Candidates must meet the following criteria:  Bachelor or Master of Science in Electronics Electrical Engineering with relevant experience, or an equivalent combination of technical education and technical experience  Strong knowledge of Microsoft Windows and Linux Operating Systems  Demonstrated oral and written communication skills.  Ability to interact with a wide range of people enjoy internal/external customer interaction  Demonstrated teamwork, strong planning organizational skills Proven troubleshooting skills  Indepth understanding of communications systems protocols and applications  Networking knowledge (IT experience)  Web development experience Familiarity with scripting and programming languages such as Python If you feel you have the right skills for this role and are ready to join a global organisation at the forefront of technology then please forward your details to us immediately. In return we can offer a competitive salary and benefits package. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceInstallationsEngineer_job****