Title: Senior Tester, Test Lead, Automated Testing, Software, SQL
Webindex: 66587749
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd
Description: Senior Tester, Test Lead, Automated Testing, Software, SQL This is an excellent opportunity for a Senior Tester to join a marketleading software house based just outside of Didcot. The Senior Tester will be responsible for heading up my client s software testing department, leading a team on site. The Senior Tester will play a pivotal role in the development of automated test suites for applications, both server and clientside. There will also be occasional manual testing as and when required. The Ideal candidate for the Senior Tester will have:  Experience managing or leading the testing/QA function for a software house  Experience building automated test suites  Experience developing test scripts and test strategies  Experience with SQL, preferably SQL Server  Knowledge of programming languages such as C or Java would be advantageous The Senior Tester position is a great opportunity for an experienced Test Manager looking for a new challenge, or a Senior Tester/Test Team Lead looking to step up in their career. If you think that the Test Manager role could be of interest to you, please send me your CV today The package on offer is up to **** which is well above the market rate for this type of role. If you are looking for even more than that, please still send through your CV as we may well have another role which could be of interest. Referral Scheme: If this role isn t for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT. If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford s leading IT Recruitment agency. With exclusive access to some of the region s most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business.