Title: Salesforce Managing Technical Consultant
Webindex: 72578077
Company: Huntress Group   Technology Perms
Description: Managing Technical Consultant (Salesforce) Salesforce.com SFDC APEX Visualforce Consultant Developer Technical Architect Management Cloud programmer CRM ERP implementation project management My client is a leading technology company operating out of London. They are a pioneering organisation within the Salesforce market and have established divisions delivering professional Services, implementation and an exciting Research Development facility that is bringing new, innovative and ultimately highly successful products to market. They are extremely discerning when it comes to bringing on new talent in to the company, but once there you will benefit from working with some of the best technical functional and strategic minds in this sector, as well as getting a variety of experience working across all three of the divisions mentioned above. The company culture resonates and promotes innovation, proactiveness, ambition and team work with excellent transparency kept between various teams with regular company meet ups, and the utilisation of social media and collaboration tools. The role of the Managing Technical Consultant is to work alongside all project teams to provide expert Technical advice and hands on input whenever needed and to ultimately deliver successfully projects for the consulting practice. This involves delivery on client site, but also responsibility for the delivery of the complex applications developed in house for specific client projects. The consulting practice that this role is based out of encompasses the Business strategy, change management, Project planning, documentation of business/technical requirements, development, testing, deployment, training and support for client projects. The Managing Technical Consultant is also responsible for the line management of a team of technical consultants as well as collaborating with other line managers internally and externally. Extensive details around the technical and management responsibilities can be discussed once your application has been submitted. Essential Experience: Extensive experience and expertise in the design and development of applications on the force.com platform. Excellent Apex and Visualforce coding experience. Good experience of delivering projects to an AGILE methodology IN ADDITION TO standard software development life cycle Experienced in building web service enabled applications (SOAP and RESTful) Deep knowledge of Salesforce APIs and hands on integration experience with ERP applications, google apps and building reporting dashboards. Eclipse, SFDC data migration tools and ETL application experience. Solid foundation in programming centric to one or more of the following languages; Java, C, Ruby, .NET and JavaScript. Expertise in Datamodelling and user interface development principles. Knowledge of Source control is essential. Strong analytical and problem solving skills; must be able to research and understand an undocumented setup and application. Demonstrated experience of Unit, Integration and end to end system testing and performance tuning of applications with all relevant documentation. Must have DEV**** as minimum. ADM201/ADM301/Salesforce Certified Consultants (Sales/Service)/Advanced DEV****/Salesforce certified Technical Architect. Educated to Degree level in a relevant technical discipline. Desirable experience: Migration experience from other data sources such as Siebel, SAP, Microsoft Dynamics CRM applications Experience of automation testing for design features utilising Java, Apex and Salesforce API. Web application development experience and knowledge of browser compatibility issues. Good understanding of Internet technologies: Firewalls, Web Servers, Web Proxy Servers etc. Proven experience of Line Management responsibilities Salary: ****  ****  Bonus All candidates must be eligible to work within the UK. If you are interested in this role then please apply via the link below. Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role.