Title: Senior Product Engineer  Common Mediation Layer
Webindex: 70456674
Company: AIRCOM Contractor Services Ltd
Description: Senior Product Engineer Job: As the Senior Product Engineer you will be responsible for transforming the OPTIMA Mediation Layer into a state of the art Mediation Product, minimising Operational overhead, and maintaining scalability and flexibility throughout. You will define the Product features to support internal and external customer requirements, and build a Product Backlog prioritising this based on the business value. You will perform the Product Owner role within a fast paced Agile development environment, conveying your vision to the team and driving the development effort based on this Product Backlog. The Senior Product Engineer will also be responsible for evangelising functionality within upcoming releases, both to internal teams, such as Sales and Operations, and Customers by presenting the Product Roadmap, and providing feature demonstrations. Key job skills: Responsibilities Contribute to the Product Roadmap by collating requirements from multiple stakeholders, both internally and externally. Manage the Product Backlog by translating the Roadmap features and requirements into User Stories and prioritising these based on their business value. Deliver a flexible and scalable mediation Product based on the Product Roadmap to serve the data processing and storage needs of the OSS Products. Provide leadership throughout the development process taking responsibility for the delivery of the release, and clearly reporting progress. Coordinate with the Product Director, Program Management, Architecture and Development to ensure consistent communication throughout the Product development life cycle. Drive, deliver and promote the Product both internally and externally. Specific Requirements Strong leadership and communication skills, both written and verbal. Excellent customer relationship management skills. Strong team working and interpersonal skills. Ability to commit to timelines and coordinate across distributed departments. Ability to analyse and document features and requirements, and communicate a clear vision for realising them. Experience in requirements management, covering capture and definition, including writing Use Cases. Extensive experience working within a software product environment, including Agile development environments. Extensive experience of data mediation processes, including data acquisition, transformation and database storage. Good IT skills preferably including UNIX, Windows, and relational databases (Oracle and Teradata). Knowledge of hardware environments including midrange to high end systems. Selfmotivated, proactive and capable of working independently. Analytical and Innovative, able to identify problems and find solutions. Microsoft Office proficiency (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint etc.) Beneficial Requirements Knowledge of User Interface development and User Interaction design. Knowledge of development and testing processes and best practices. Experience of mobile and fixed line networks, preferably gained in an operational environment. Knowledge of network optimisation techniques, performance statistics and counters. Periods of international travel will be necessary; it would be a distinct advantage if the applicant can work freely in the EU without the need of a Visa. AIRCOM is an independent leading provider of network planning, management and optimisation tools, and services. IVIEW, our open, standardsbased framework, allows mobile network operators to rapidly, efficiently and seamlessly plan, manage, configure and optimise their networks. AIRCOM's IVIEW products enable operators to regain visibility and control of their entire network, enabling radical shifts in business dynamics to become more efficient, more agile and more profitable. The market leader in the provision and deployment of network engineering tools, AIRCOM products are in use across 135 countries by over half the world's mobile operators. Every day, the **** top global operators depend upon AIRCOM's tools and consultants to improve network coverage and quality for more than **** billion subscribers worldwide. Established for 15 years, we have built our reputation on creating and releasing additional value from within cellular networks.