Title: Location Planning Consultant (SAS, SPSS)
Webindex: 68361418
Company: Exposed Solutions
Description: Headquartered in London, our client is a publicly listed company on the NYSE with annual revenue in excess of US $****bn and employing approx. **** people worldwide.We offer an unrivalled range of marketing solutions and information systems to local and central government and to businesses from most industry sectors. Our Client's location planning team work on a wide variety of projects and consultancy across the retail, leisure, finance, property and public sectors. We are looking to recruit a Location Planning Consultant (SAS, SPSS) Project work includes building tools and providing recommendations and consultancy to enable our clients to enhance and develop their spatial and customer strategies. As a senior member of the team, the role would include developing, project managing and overseeing the delivery of client solutions. The successful candidate will be proficient in a range of statistical and location planning approaches and able to select, develop and apply relevant techniques. The role will also require good problem solving skills and the ability to be pragmatic and apply knowledge of retail and geography to ensure recommendations are sensible and inline with clients objectives. A high degree of client contact is involved and candidates should have excellent communication skills, be comfortable dealing with people and presenting to senior audiences. Core Skills, Knowledge Experience Required  Educated to at least degree level in a subject involving practical application of statistical techniques (e.g. geography, applied statistics, operational research, economics)  Experience working in a related area e.g. location planning consultancy, retail location strategy planning, demographic/customer analysis  Statistical modelling techniques  Excellent Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills (Access is also desirable)  Knowledge of SPSS, SAS or SQL is beneficial  Exposure to and/or appreciation of GIS software and its applications  Ability to present to a high level and to senior audiences  Excellent knowledge of the UK retail landscape/geography  Excellent written/verbal English SAS, SPSS, SQL, Powerpoint, Excel, Location Planning, Retail Location Strategy, Geography, Statistics, GIS SAS, SPSS, SQL, Powerpoint, Excel, Location Planning, Retail Location Strategy, Geography, Statistics, GIS SAS, SPSS, SQL, Powerpoint, Excel, Location Planning, Retail Location Strategy, Geography, Statistics, GIS SAS, SPSS, SQL, Powerpoint, Excel, Location Planning, Retail Location Strategy, Geography, Statistics, GIS SAS, SPSS, SQL, Powerpoint, Excel, Location Planning, Retail Location Strategy, Geography, Statistics, GIS ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/LocationPlanningConsultantSASSPSS_job****