Title: Web Application Support Analyst
Webindex: 70160077
Company: i4 Recruitment Account
Description: Web Application Support Analyst Based in Kenilworth Salary up to ****k per annum PLEASE NOTE: To apply for this job you must have: Working knowledge of Windows Server administration both for web application environment (web /database server) and desktop server environment. (IIS, MS Sharepoint a bonus). Duties: The role has several purposes To provide 2nd level support to clients (sometimes 1st level). To monitor and configure client facing hosting services. To provide support and guidance to internal and external stakeholders. To thoroughly document client system configurations using agreed documentation and change control procedures. These require someone who can Prioritise and respond to all issues with a sense of urgency. Communicate directly with technical and nontechnical staff at blue chip companies over complex issues. Problem solve complex issues by collaboration and effective research. Service both internal and external stakeholders through regular communication updates. Understand all technical aspects of the supporting systems including hardware and network. Understand in depth the business requirements, rules and logic behind the supporting business system(s)  knowledge of Learning Management Systems (LMS) or Business Process Software an advantage. Ensure the systems meet performance and availability SLA expectations. Proactively and preemptively identify potential issues and subsequently plan and resolve these issues to provide systems scalability and availability. Work closely with in house systems administration team and provide backfill support as required. Professional Qualifications and Technical Experience Required: Essential Working knowledge of Windows Server administration both for web application environment (web /database server) and desktop server environment. (IIS, MS Sharepoint a bonus). Intermediate relational database concepts and skills. Working knowledge of SQL language and MS SQL Server 2005/**** Intermediate knowledge and skills of general database administration concepts and tasks: creation, backup and restore, tuning etc. Working knowledge of clientside web development using HTML, Javascript and CSS. Basic programming concepts and skills. Technical analysis and problemsolving skills. Ability to prioritise and respond to critical issues in a timely and appropriate manner. Selfmotivated and has initiative to followup on issues and can work unsupervised. Technical documentation skills. Understanding of SDLC process. Desirable A degree in an information technology related subject, eg Batchelor of Information Technology, Business Information Technology BSc (Hons). Professional engineering or IT qualifications, eg ITIL. More advanced skills in database or server administration. Knowledge of the use of Virtual Machines. Experience of developing using multimedia technologies such as Flash. Knowledge of Java deployment on Tomcat and Java Server Pages an advantage.