Title: Enterprise Solutions Architect  Oxford  ELT  ****k
Webindex: 68180312
Company: Austin Fraser Limited
Description: Enterprise Solutions Architect  Oxford  ELT  Planning, Design and implementation experience, Full Development lifecycle experience  ****k  benefita and excellent work life balance. Austin Fraser are working with their leading Digital client in Oxford to find an experienced Enterprise and Solutions architect to join their newly formed technology and implementation group. About the Role As part of the newly formed Technology and Implementation group in the ELT division, a Technology Services team is being created, and a key role in this team is the Enterprise and Solutions Architect, who will work alongside their teams of project, platform and technical staff, as well as working closely with Group ITs architects and project teams. The Enterprise and Solutions Architect will act as the technical authority in the design, planning and implementation of ELTs new technology and business change solutions to ensure all solutions work to realise the wider objectives of ELTs business strategy and the IT strategy. The Architect will work across ELT s programmes and projects to ensure we do not duplicate functionality and that solutions being built separately will work together. The Architect will also lead a small team with responsibility for providing technical insight and expertise to inform digital publishing decisions, assessing available technologies and trends, and developing demos/Proof of Concepts that show how specific new technologies can deliver ELTs digital publishing strategy. About You  Proven track record of architecture planning, design and implementation.  Extensive experience in solution, application and data design.  Experience of all aspects of the software development lifecycle, including complex system integration developments.  A rational thinker, able to evaluate complex options, propose appropriate solutions to meet requirements, and make effective decisions.  Experience in helping nontechnology business users understand the full potential of solutions to their business problems.  Ability to see the big picture, ensuring divisional strategic priorities are met, whilst maintaining a firm grasp of the detail.  Adaptability, being able to move from project to project, quickly gaining an understanding of issues.  Skilled at influencing stakeholders at all levels of the organisation, including at the most senior levels.  Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to present complex information in a succinct and easilydigestible manner, and the ability to work proactively with others to define and deliver integrated solutions.  Degree educated (or equivalent), preferably in IT.  Indepth understanding of current technology trends within the publishing business domain to inform architecture development.  Familiarity with standard architectural approaches, techniques, tools and frameworks such as TOGAF and Zacman. Please send me your up to date CV and contact details in Word Format for immediate consideration.