Title: IT Project Support Officer  Canary Wharf  ****k
Webindex: 69250831
Company: Randstad Technologies Limited
Description: IT Project Support Officer Career Path into Project Management  Canary Wharf To ****k This is an exciting PERMANENT opportunity for a Project Support Officer or Project Coordinator looking to build upon 12 years experience and fast track their career into Project Management. Working for an organisation at the forefront of providing exemplary Consumer Services, there has never been a more exciting time to join this organisation as they go through a genuine Business Transformation Programme. THE COMPANY We are recruiting on behalf of a Consumer Advocacy organisation who are currently going through a remarkable period of growth and change. Our client has been undergoing a Business Transformation programme for some time now with the aim of modernising the technologies with which they deliver their service. Working within a newly created Project Office, this is a great opportunity to play a key role in number of large Development and Infrastructure projects and to join an organisation at a time when you can really put your own stamp on Project Management processes moving forward. THE ROLE Reporting to the Project Office Manager, the PSO is responsible for providing general support to Project Managers and other key stakeholders throughout the organisation in the delivery of IT Projects. This role will be heavily focussed on Administrative support taking minutes, distributing key communications etc. You will also be required to provide MI Support and general Reporting duties about key Risks and Issues as required. The role is a stepping stone on the career path into that of a fully fledged Project Manager. REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE  Experience working in a Project Management team providing support to Project Managers  Experience assessing large amounts of data and making that data more meaningful  Ability to accurately capture minutes, actions and decisions from key meetings  Degree educated with a inquisitive nature The client is offering a competitive benefits package for the right individual that we strongly feel would compete well with any similar schemes in the market today. Please either apply immediately or call for a confidential chat about the role if you feel you are a suitable match to the above descriptionRandstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.