Title: Press Toolmaker
Webindex: 66126795
Company: ASC Connections
Description: Job Title: Press Toolmaker Location: Coventry Salary: ****  25500 Shift: Days As a Press Toolmaker your responsibilities will include: Building and developing new press tools –single and tandem stage, feeding back into designs to update and improve technical drawings and documentation. Producing new tools, repairs and maintenance to predetermined standard times and estimates. Strip and rebuild of tools for maintenance / repair and regrind. Efficient release of rework tooling required by setters and operators for machine setting. Manufacture of spare parts to ensure stock levels are maintained. Provide tool maintenance service. Fully converse on single stage, draw tooling for the automotive industry. Competent selection of correct grinding wheels, Lathe tips and other tools. Die polishing and rerefurbishment. Carry out engineering design tasks using CAD Movement of material using mechanical lifting devices (FLT, Cranes etc) Competent operations of Lathes, Millers, Grinders, Presses. Work within tolerances described on individual drawings. Care of and accurate use of measuring equipment. Accurate and consistent use of shadowgraph projector. Competent with all tool room duties. Maintain a safe working environment and comply with the Company’s H&S Policy. Championing the use of appropriate PPE. Promoting and striving to improve operating standards. Any other reasonable duties as requested by the Tool room Manager in line with the Company and Departmental objectives. Successful candidates should be apprentice trained with the following skills: • Competent in the operation of lathes, millers, grinders, presses, CNC machines, cylindrical and jig, spark eroders and various other standard machines. • Knowledge of, and be able to read and understand technical drawings. • Ability to use measuring devises such as micrometers and verniers. • Flexible, adaptable and multiskilled • Good communication, planning and scheduling skills. The position is days based with a good pay rates and availability of paid overtimeASC Connections is a leading recruitment business specialising within areas of both technical and business services. We operate as an employment business or an employment agency for all temporary and permanent roles respectively. For an extensive range of job opportunities please visit our website at www.ascconnections.com