Title: Back End Java Developer
Webindex: 68361445
Company: Aston Carter
Description: My client is one of the most exciting technology companies in London right now. A huge scale academic social networking organisation whose development standards are held in high regard all over the city. they are currently looking for an exceptional backend Java developer who has a passion to get into technologies such as Hadoop, Git and AWS. Technology is always moving, and these guys are moving with it, using cloud computing and handling huge data sets. The successful candidate will be a very skilled Java developer who has worked on the backend for the majority of their career. They will be expected to be of junior to mid level and have a genuine interest in using cutting edge technologies such as Hadoop, MongoDB and CouchDB. Preferably they will be from a well educated background. You do not want to miss out on the chance, if you fit this mould, to work within one of the most advanced, forward thinking companies in London. Your career progression, future earnings and presentability of your CV will greatly improve by working here. Send me your CV and I will be more than happy to discuss the role further with you. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BackEndJavaDeveloper_job****