Title: Video Algorithms Driver Assistance
Webindex: 71277558
Company: Enterprise Recruitment Ltd
Description: This highly technical software engineer role will involve the research, development and implementation of video processing algorithms for Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) such as lane, pedestrian and object detection, stereo vision and motion estimation. We are looking for a software engineer with a degree in Computer Science (preferably MSc or PhD), exceptional C/C++ programming skills and experience in algorithm development and optimisation gained from solving Video and Image processing problems. Ideal applicants will have experience in video system design and exposure to Hardware Description languages such as VHDL and Verilog. The position would be ideal for a Software Engineer currently completing a Computer Science PhD who has a proven and innovative approach to research and software development OR software engineers with many years relevant industry experience.  Position: Video Algorithms Software Engineer. Location: High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire Salary: ****k. Key Skills: C/C++, good degree or MSc, PhD, video algorithm development, strong maths. Desirable skills: optimisation, Computer Scientist/Research background, VHDL and Verilog. Benefits: Relocation, Pension, Medical, Flexitime, free gym and stock options. Apply: jamie AT enterpriserecruitment DOT com This is an opportunity to work alongside some of the best brains in the business. The company treat their employees exceptionally well; salaries are well above average (graduates start on ****k) and they have a very low staff turnover. Suitable candidates will be innovators with an analytical mind, have strong team working & organisational skills as well as excellent interpersonal and communication skills.  If you don’t fit this requirement exactly but are interested in this type of work – please email a CV as we have other similar positions. I specialise in recruiting software engineers for electronics and technology companies across the UK.