Title: Second Line Service Desk Analyst
Webindex: 68685287
Company: CK Group
Description: Second Line Service Desk Analyst  Glasgow Jake Phillips is recruiting for a Second Line Service Desk Analyst to join a leading provider of pathology IT solutions. As Second Line Service Desk Analyst the main purpose of your role will be to provide 2nd line support to log and resolve any incidents. Further responsibilities of this Second Line Service Desk Analyst position will include:  To understand Customers` short and long term strategies, advise and assist with companies products to facilitate these needs.  To be fully conversant with the core functionality of Pathology products and that of general disciplines  To partake in the help desk shifts as required  To develop and maintain rapport with end users by displaying a detailed understanding of their IT environment and Pathology issues/pressures.  To establish a quality working relationship with end users and solve their problems in a timely fashion by using and developing diagnosis, analytical, problem solving, discipline specific and technical skills to achieve Service Levels.  To work with the Third Line Service Desk Analysts for mentoring and development of diagnosis, analytical, problem solving, discipline specific and technical skills to achieve service levels.  To behave as a role model: for delivering results; for enthusiasm and enjoyment of your work; for teamwork; for coaching and mentoring of colleagues and team members and for professional standards of behaviour.  To partake in the training of clients and other members of staff as and when required to resolve or aid resolution of service desk incidents.  To participate in an on call rota  Contribute to and support Pathology team members and build knowledge base. As Second Line Service Desk Analyst, you will have the following qualifications, skills and experience: Microsoft Certified Experience within a Pathology environment BMS ****/2 status in the UK Health sector. Excellent verbal and written communication skills; including communicating with technical and nontechnical clients and staff at all organisational levels High level of customer service skills CK IT is an Equal Opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all who meet our selection criteria. If you do not hear back from us within **** working days of your application for this role, it means that on this occasion you have not been shortlisted for the next stage of the recruitment campaign. Entitlement to work in the EEA is essential. Please quote reference IT**** in all correspondence. Keywords: Pathology, 2nd line, support, Scotland This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SecondLineServiceDeskAnalyst_job****