Title: Software tester, Selenium, Web driver, Java, Gillingham
Webindex: 68833488
Description: Do you have a desire to web test in a rapidly expanding business? Based in Gillingham, my client is a leading fashion house who are looking for software testers who want a rare and exciting opportunity to web test their online systems. You will prepare and execute tests in an fastpaced, fluid environment. My client will consider those who have a minimum of 2 years web testing experience, and a good knowledge of Java and Selenium. The ideal candidate will posses;  PHP and PHP Unit experience  MySQL experience  2 years of experience with Java and Selenium  1 years worth of experience with Test NG  Exposure to fashion and retail A generous salary will accompany a discount for the companies clothes and accessories. This highly desirable job can either be a stepping stone into much larger transnational corporations or a career move to develop within a rapidly expanding company, increasing your seniority and pay. If you think you posses these skills, apply within. For all applications please contact Julius via email at; or phone; **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 