Title: Senior Web Operations Engineer  UK leading consumer media/digital com
Webindex: 71335505
Company: Globeq
Description: A UK leading digital platform and consumer media company, with **** websites published, over 1 million subscribers, and a brand reach of 11 million UK consumers through many household names and brands is recruiting for a Senior Web Operations Engineer. This is an exciting and unique opportunity to join the technical team, and be responsible for configuring and managing performance and management applications. Reporting to the Web Operations Manager, the Senior Web Operations Engineer will be passionate about Web and Internet technologies, be a keen problem solver within an agile team environment and experienced in working closely with developers. Candidates will be required to command good communication skills, work well within a team structure, have a proven ability to learn new skills and work on short term targets. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES Specific responsibilities will include: Work with Web Operations Manager and developers to implement and manage Varnish Cache, and Nagios/Zabbix event logging monitoring applications. Carry out root cause analysis of problems in and around web infrastructure. Manage DNS records, renewals and registrations. Manage and troubleshoot Microsoft IIS and .NET websites. KNOWLEDGE EXPERIENCE The Senior Web Operations Engineer will be able to demonstrate extensive experience of building and managing the website infrastructure. They will also be expected to have advanced knowledge of Internet technologies; strong LAMP stack administration and Varnish Cache and Zabbix/Nagios configuration skills, and a working knowledge of VMWare and Microsoft Web environments. A thorough understanding on Internet protocols and advanced networking is expected. Candidates will be required to command excellent communication skills, work well within a team structure, have a proven ability to learn new skills and have experience working with agile processes. Essential skill requirements and experiences for the role include: Advanced knowledge of LAMP stack environments and Varnish Server, MySQL. Indepth experience of troubleshooting and understanding networking fundamentals and Internet technologies (layer ****/**** troubleshooting; TCP/IP, NAT, Firewalls). Configuration and management of monitoring applications  Zabbix, Nagios. Experience of administering VMWare and Microsoft web technologies  .NET, IIS **** Indepth knowledge of Internet engineering, technologies and processes routing, load balancing, caching and security. Comprehensive experience of nonweb Internet protocols and technologies, including FTP, SMTP, DNS, SSL etc. In addition, good documentation, organisational skills and being able to work under pressure on a number of projects simultaneously will be essential.