Title: Business Analysts  Manchester, Liverpool, Sheffield And London
Webindex: 62114107
Company: Additional Resources
Description: Business Analysts  Manchester, Liverpool, Sheffield and London Up to **** (dependent on experience)  bonuses  excellent benefits Key Skills: Business Analysis, Agile and Scrum. The Company They are passionate about quality, highend web development using open source technology. Established in 2007, they quickly established themselves as the leading PHP authority in the UK. They work with organisations that deploy missioncritical LAMP technology, and offer a range of PHP services including web development, PHP training, consultancy and application support. They have grown in **** years to **** people with offices in London, Manchester, Liverpool, Sheffield and The Netherlands. They are looking to grow their exceptional pool of talented Business Analyst professionals, due to the phenomenal growth of PHP, Symfony and Magento in the UK.This is an amazing opportunity to join an exciting and dynamic company, working with some of the leading lights of the open source industry. Their employees value the flexible working environment and the chance to develop their skills on a wide variety of interesting projects. The Role You will be involved in challenging application development projects for bluechip enterprise companies, and will be working with the best in the industry on a variety of complex projects. The scope of responsibilities and tasks in the role are detailed below PreSales You will be responsible for meeting with the project owner during presales and gathering and defining a project?s requirements You will translate business requirements into specific software requirements You will proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyse information needs and functional requirements of the project You will ensure that the recommended solution is commercially viable for Inviqa, as well as being competitive for the client You will evolve and provide the scope of the project to the development team. PostSales Gather requirements for the next stage to help our Project Managers compile backlogs Work independently with users to define concepts and under the direction of project managers Map out the client?s requirement specifications according to standard templates, using natural language Create snapshots of the project?s intention through user journeys and diagrams Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyse and agree tradeoffs between usability and performance needs Communicate requirements and specifications to the Project Manager Act as an ongoing conduit between the customer community (internal and external stakeholders) and the software development team through which requirements flow. Ideal Skill set Be educated to degree level or equivalent Demonstrate previous experience of working in a BA role, preferably in the technology sector Exhibit wellrounded technical knowledge and will have an understanding of computer programming and terminology Be familiar with Agile methodology and SCRUM, preferably having worked in this environment Show excellent people skills, be a natural interviewer and be able to quickly gather information from others Capable of producing professional and thorough documentation, both pre and postsales Able to regularly commute to either of our offices in Liverpool or Manchester and/or to client locations, and you are eligible to work in the UK They are looking for a strong personality, proud to be working for one of the leading PHP companies in the world. You will have the required energy and right attitude to build longlasting relationships with their clients. Up to **** (dependent on experience)  bonuses  excellent benefits You will also receive up to 5 conference and 5 training days per annum. They run a childcare voucher scheme and you will be eligible to join their private health insurance scheme after one year?s service. There is a relaxed dress code at the office and a flexible working hours policy operates. Prior to applying for this opportunity, please ensure your Word document CV details all your experience relevant to the Business Analyst role. Also provide full details of your current/latest remuneration package and availability. Key Skills: Business Analysis, Agile and Scrum. Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****