Title: Analyst Web Developer
Webindex: 68627764
Company: Cooper Lomaz Recruitment Limited
Description: Job: Web Developer, C, ASP.NET, SQL Server Commutable from Ipswich, Norwich, Great Yarmouth, Lowestoft. Cooper Lomaz have a brand new opportunity to join a 1st class company in the East of England who are looking to expand their existing team of talented web developers. You will join a highly collaborative, supportive environment where developers are encouraged to forward their own ideas and contribute to the whole. My client boast an impressive position in their industry fitting into a large international group, and consistently maintaining their position in the UK as one of the market leaders. Developers can expect to work on full life cycle projects on an excellent technology stack, working with the latest in development tools. You will work in a friendly and relaxed office environment alongside some of the most talented developers in the area. The business have a professional test driven environment, making use of Team Foundation Server, best practice and work to the agile methodology. If you are at a pivotal point in your development career or simply want to work with high quality developers, this could be the tipping point of your success. The team, whilst maintaining a delivery focus are not afraid to stop, collaborate and listen in during regular SCRUM meetings. In order to succeed in this role, you will understand Object Oriented development in a Microsoft .NET environment, as well as being comfortable working on database systems in Microsoft SQL server. Knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX would also be beneficial. The company are based close to a major train station, and have good road links to the office; consequently candidates commuting from Norwich, Ipswich, Lowestoft and Great Yarmouth would be suitable for the role. If you are looking to progress your career, within a friendly, yet professional environment, work alongside some of the best developers in the area, and work on E****E projects that are highly visible in the UK, please apply with a current (.doc or .docx) version of your CV to Tom Gosney or call for more information. Key skills: C or VB.NET, SQL Server, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Jquery, AJAX