Title: Web Developer  CSS, HTML
Webindex: 69158352
Company: Sportingbet
Description: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Backbone, handcode Bonza Gaming is a social gambling startup and we are just about to launch our first game. The Bonza Gaming founders are experienced leaders from the social and casino gaming space. We have major financial backing and operational support from Sportingbet, a publicly listed gambling operator and a hypergrowth social gaming company called Plumbee. We are growing fast and are looking for a Web Developers to help us design and build bestinclass tools for managing our mobile and browserbased social applications. Our stack includes Java, and Linux on Amazon Web Services; and we work in a highspeed, iterative way, relying on automated testing, continuous integration, automated deployments, and Real Time feedback from live systems. Based in our cool offices near the Silicon Roundabout, you will get involved with b uilding greatlooking, seamless browser experiences in HTML, CSS and JavaScript that take advantage of the full performance capabilities of the user's hardware. You will be working really closely with our CTO, Product Managers and UX/UI designers and will contribute to the whole development process and will have a strong influence on the overall quality of our product. You will have worked on customer facing web or mobile sites; you can work well with product managers and UX/UI designers. You need to be able to understand business requirements and problems and be able translate those to technical solutions. You need to be able to work well under pressure and not be afraid to speak up and voice your opinion. What we are looking for: Ability to transform UX/UI designs into greatlooking, seamless browser experiences in HTML and CSS (including HTML5 and CSS3) A natural flair for writing wellstructured code and a commitment to code quality through automated tests and continuous integration Intimate knowledge of crossbrowser compatibility, web standards, and browser quirks Experience with templating languages (eg mustache) as well as handcoded CSS Some familiarity with JavaScript and libraries such as Backbone Strong knowledge of usability and user experience (UX) design Good eye for layout, composition, and typography Knowledge of version control and build systems; git and maven preferred Excellent communication and teamwork skills A scientific and analytical approach to problem solving Advantageous experience: Experience developing mobileoptimized web applications including responsive design Experience working in agile, iterative environments Familiarity with other programming languages Good knowledge of design patterns and antipatterns Experience with social network APIs and creating social network applications Experience with Canvas/CSS animation We're looking for people with a startup attitude: who are highly motivated, energetic, and multitalented; who speak up and have plenty of ideas; who work hard, play hard, and do whatever it takes to get the job done. In return we offer a closeknit team, no Legacy code, a casual and fun atmosphere, and the opportunity to make a real difference. So if you're tired of the same old, come and build the next big thing with us Please send your CV to Paul Brown and good luck