Title: Infrastructure Security Engineer  PCIDSS, CISSP  pound;****k
Webindex: 69025878
Description: Infrastructure Security Engineer  Fleet  CISSP & ISO270001 Accreditation OR PCIDSS , Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity  up to ****k. This role will provide training for the right candidates as long as you have the CISSP and you have knowledge of ISO27001 and/OR PCIDSS experience. Please call me to discuss further. As a member of the Infrastructure Team the primary function of the role is to ensure that my client maintains PCI compliance and ensures business continuity and disaster recovery processes and procedures are maintained. The individual will work with other members of the Infrastructure team, Development and the Information Security Officer to understand security requirements of PCI DSS, using Industry tools such as File Integrity Monitor, Vulnerability Scanners, and Syslogging tools to ensure protection of the company and integrate good security practices throughout all aspects of the business. In support of our values, we also expect all employees to:  Be selfcritical and committed to selfimprovement, taking responsibility for personal development by acquiring the technical, professional and managerial competencies we need to succeed together.  Demonstrate an understanding, passion and commitment for our clients, our partners, our business and our overall success.  Work as a team member across the business, sharing ideas and information openly and freely in pursuit of continuous performance improvement.  Contribute to their full capability demonstrating ownership of issues, a positive approach to challenges and accountability for commitments, outcomes and quality to our clients, shareholders, partners and employees. Functional Accountabilities  Ensure the successful operation of the enVision event logging system on a daily basis. Carry out daily checks, identifying any unusual activities or events which need follow up and formal clearance  Ensure the successful operation of the Tripwire FIM system. Carry out daily checks, indentifying any unusual activities or events which need follow up and formal clearance.  Ensure the successful operation of the IDS/IPS system. Carry out the daily checks, identifying any unusual activities or events which need follow up and formal clearance.  Ensure the weekly (?) ASV scans are carried out. Evaluate any issues raised and either indentify remedial action or formally clear as 'false positives'.  Carry out regular (at least monthly?) tests for rogues wireless devices and resolve any issues indentified  Ensure that quarterly internal vulnerability scans are carried out. Clear any issues identified.  Ensure internal vulnerability scans are carried out every time there is a significant change in the network/server (?) infrastructure. Clear any issues identified.  Ensure (in association with the relevant software development manager) all internal and external penetration testing is carried out on annual basis. Clear any issues indentified.  Ensure (in association with the relevant software development manager) all internal and external penetration testing is carried every time there is a significant change in the network/server (?) infrastructure. Clear any issues identified.  Manage (in association with the relevant software development manager) the application vulnerability testing of public facing web applications on an annual basis.  Manage (in association with the relevant software development manager) the application vulnerability testing of public facing web applications every time there is a significant change in the web application portfolio.  Act as focal point for all matters of operational infrastructure security issues. Liaise with the Information Security Officer on a regular basis to ensure that there is a clear communication of all operational security matters.  Take initial responsibility for the clearance of all operational security incidents, alerts and events.  Keep up to date with all the changes in security standards which could affect the infrastructure department, particularly in relation to PCI:DSS.  Ensure that all operational security processes are properly documented and kept up to date. In addition, ensure that all operational engineer staff are made aware of their responsibilities in relation to all security matters. Person Specification  BSc or equivalent in a relevant subject  Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Experience Required:  Experience in a similar capacity undertaking security assessments with project and/or security delivery responsibility  Significant experience of working within information systems or networking discipline  Experience of audit methodologies and security assessment tools  Experience with security threat and vulnerability management systems  Extensive experience of security appliances, such as firewalls, IDS Preferred:  Experience using Project Management techniques  Experience evaluating the security infrastructure for e.g. retail, financial services or service providers  Working experience with software development methodologies and practices  Experience of the financial and payment card processing industries (including PCI:DSS)  Knowledge of CISCO Network Technologies Please send me your up to date CV and contact details in Word Format for immediate consideration