Title: Senior Support Engineer Windows, Citrix, VMware
Webindex: 68628150
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: SENIOR Support Engineer REQUIRED IN BRISTOL FOR PERMANENT OPPORTUNITY  3RD LINE COVERING WINDOWS, CITRIX, VMWARE, SAN, EXCHANGE AND OTHER INFRASTRUCTURE TECHNOLOGIES. SALARY TO ****K  PACKAGE. Are you looking for a new permanent IT opportunity in the Bristol area? Do you have extensive 3rd line support experience covering Windows, Citrix, VMware, Exchange and SAN? My client is looking for a talented Support Engineer to join a successful team of engineers providing high level support across the whole IT infrastructure. This will include the day to day management of IT systems, the management, troubleshooting and ownership of technical issues within agreed SLA's. Researching, developing and delivering projects which will increase the efficiency of the IT operations team. Primarily this will include managing the Windows infrastructure, IT security systems and Citrix farms across the whole IT estate. To be considered for this role you should be able to clearly demonstrate on your CV the following skills  Strong support experience to include 3rd line  Extensive knowledge of Windows  Previous CITRIX support knowledge including Presentation or XenApp Server  Knowledge of VMware  Experience of SAN  Microsoft Exchange knowledge  A broad range of IT technical skills including Windows, MS Office This is a fantastic opporutnity to join a company offering excellent training and career progression. Please send in your CV now for immediate consideration. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.