Title: Senior CPQ Specialist
Webindex: 69592201
Company: Sophos Plc
Description: Company overview Sophos is focused on delivering the best IT security and data protection for businesses. Today Sophos products protect over **** businesses and 100 million users, in more than 150 countries. Sophos understands what it takes to keep businesses secure and this is why Sophos is recognized globally by its Customers and Analysts alike, as leaders in what it does.Join Sophos to help us build upon our year on year double digit growth success over the last 5 years. The key to the Sophos success story is its people….Sophos is built on a foundation of world class talent, who have developed long standing careers with the company. Sophos believes its employees are the company’s best asset…and is therefore continuously seeking to acquire high calibre talent which will contribute towards the continual growth, innovation and success of the Sophos global brand. The opportunity Our Enterprise Solutions team provide the technical expertise for business systems that are essential to our everyday operation.They own all technical aspects of typically Cloudbased/ SaaS Applications across a range of IT disciplines. They are involved in consultancy, supplier/vendor management, handson configuration and troubleshooting, change authority, liaising with infrastructure services, and roadmap planning the future of the Enterprise Solution they lead. The candidate profile The right person for this role is a technologist, with broad experience, good businessfacing skills, and who enjoys shaping the future of solutions both with influence and handson work. Work closely with key business users of the systems to understand how to best leverage the applications and meet evolving business needs. Provide expert advice/consultancy (prioritization, work estimates, impact analysis, risks, and recommended best practices) to technical architect and business analyst in the course of the preparation of business systems projects. Provide technical architect support for those systems during the course of some projects by identifying the key design and system changes required and the best way to implement them to guarantee reliability, effectiveness and supportability. Act as the main system administrator and configurator. Undertake systems development and integration tasks directly as part of project implementation, continuous system enhancement and Tier **** issue resolution. Maintain an active relationship with our system vendors to understand how those systems and technology are evolving and maintain an effective escalation to vendor for support during projects or incidents. Produce and maintain the architectural and technical documentation of the key systems in use in the business function in order to guarantee long term supportability and help resolve complex issues on the systems. Produce and maintain troubleshooting guides that will be used during incident resolution by support personnel. Identify the system training requirements, produce the material and deliver the training to peers and support personnel on a global basis to enable the IT department to resolve issues on those systems. Project manage small projects ( Participate as a developer or system integrator in projects as assigned. Organize, manage and complete the hand over to support of changes on the system to ensure their continued supportability following key changes or projects. Proactively research and keep up to date with the systems and technology in use or that could be used by the business function and use this knowledge to influence technical decisions in the course of projects and recommend changes (including business process changes when necessary). Essential: Experience of designing and implementing Pricing and Quoting or Subscription Billing Engine Solutions Working with business analysts and project managers to understand requirements and identify the technical changes required to systems Working with large scale global CRM system implementations Technical support and augmentation of core Sales and CRM systems such as Salesforce.com. Selection or participation in the selection of external packages and implementation or integration of the package in the IT environment Working on different projects at the same time including managing some Desirable: Working with business analysts and project managers to understand requirements and identify the technical changes required to systems Working with large scale global CRM system implementations Experience of designing and implementing Pricing and Quoting or Subscription Billing Engine Solutions Selection or participation in the selection of external packages and implementation or integration of the package in the IT environment Management of projects up to **** man months of effort Working on different projects at the same time including managing some Technical support and augmentation of core Sales and CRM systems such as Salesforce.com. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorCPQSpecialist_job****