Title: SAP HR Manager
Webindex: 68628433
Company: Red Commerce
Description: SAP HRIS Manager Surrey Purpose of Job: (Why does the job exist?) Responsible for the management and direction of the HRIS modules accountable to lead activities of the Global SAP footprint. The position will ensure that all SAP project goals are accomplished according to specifications and business objectives. This position will be responsible managing the project plan, development of business requirements, managing design and build, execution of process documentation and training. This position will be a seasoned Project Manager that demonstrates an indepth knowledge and understanding of all integration aspects including architecture, design, and configuration. In addition to the project management role we will be requiring this position to have excellent HRIS experience in SAP to lead the design and build phase with the Human Resource Organization during the implementation phases of initiatives and be able to interface with senior and middle management of the HR organization. Of special note: This role has the potential to grow into a role in the next 1218 months to oversee other functional areas, with the opportunity to manage the our entire Asia Pacific Team if successful. Nature and Scope of the position: SAP Implementation Planning Responsibilities The position will manage of the project including: discussions to determine the scope, sequencing, and scheduling of SAP implementation steps. This position will work with the global team to compile input to base decisions regarding SAP capabilities, functionality, potential gaps, and optimal SAP implementation strategies and business processes and work with business leads and Senior management on the decisions regarding. Project Responsibilities The positon will be primarily responsible for the following areas in project management: Manage the development and maintenance of the project plan. Assist in the development and management of project scope, budget, and schedules in accordance with approved plans. Allocate and manage regional project resources Monitor progress of and provide support for efforts and implementation programs on a weekly basis. This includes the documentation of issues at all times and the escalation of issues when warranted. Report plan deviations. Conduct formal reviews at the completion of each phase. Candidate will manage and oversee the following activities Business requirements gathering Master Data Developing SAP designs to support the requirements, configuring, prototyping, unit testing Script development Integration testing Preparation of complete, standard systems documentation and user operating procedures. Ensure all support Global standardized processes. User acceptance testing Identification of, and assistance with development of, any SAP modifications required to fill gaps (ie ABAP programs, User Exits, etc.) Assistance with development of interfaces to nonSAP systems as related to the ISC's key module. Data load planning and execution Cutover planning and execution Postcutover support Development of SAP design documentation (includes key requirements, SAP design, SAP configuration.) Run effective meetings and workshops. Coordinate and administer training on SAP functionality to endusers. Which require good presentation skills and customer interface skills.