Title: Android Developer  eMarkets and eCommerce  Berkshire  Up To ****k
Webindex: 72373235
Company: Impact 360
Description: Android Developer  eMarkets and eCommerce  Berkshire  Up To ****k  Benefits  Bonus Have you been a Java developer for several years, and are building Android apps in your own time? Are you looking for your first opportunity as an Android developer, but can't get your foot on the ladder? If you have been tinkering with Android technology, and have a couple of apps that you have contributed to in your portfolio, or even if you are an established Android developer and want to join an exciting venture, read on. Joining a global company as they launch their new eMarkets brand across the digital and mobile space, you will help them increase their digital presence. Collaborating with a world class development team you will help them to develop and leverage new and exciting opportunities in the social space. Working in an Agile environment, you will build scalable platforms using only the latest mobile technology, all the while working in funky, new offices that include an onsite gym and cafe. Responsibilities  Manage entire app development life cycle, from initial design and planning, through to development and deployment of Android apps.  Keep abreast of current and cuttingedge Android technologies to ensure outstanding and compelling apps are produced.  Work in a fastpaced environment, exercising Agile methodologies and lean practises. Requirements  A degree in Computer Science, Engineering or numerate discipline  Experience in developing code for apps which support a full spectrum of Android devices (this can be achieved through commercial or personal work)  Excellent grasp of Java  Demonstratable experience of architecting application RESTful APIs for apps  Knowledge of analytics, allowing you to measure user interaction with your apps  Strong background and knowledge of Agile practises and methodologies. Ideally you will have some knowledge of other app development (iOS/Windows phone), as well as experience with crossbrowser technologies such as HTML5. In return for your hard work and dedication at this exciting company, you will receive an excellent bonus, as well as your own laptop and phone. As well as this, there is plenty of scope to work remotely  however if you do decide to come to the office feel free to enjoy their onsite gym and cafe. This is a fantastic opportunity to establish yourself as an Android developer, and grow with an already established, worldwide company. If you want to find out more, APPLY NOW Keywords: Android, developer, iOS, mobile, development, HTML5, HTML 5, windows, Java, Application Development, Apps, App, blackberry, computer science, full time, permanent, Berkshire, Agile, App store, deployment, Ecommerce, emarkets, online, digital, technology, tablet, coding, API, REStful, analytics