Title: Technical Author / Business Process Writer – Newcastle / Castleford 
Webindex: 70256508
Company: IS Recruitment
Description: Technical Writer – Technical Author  Business Process Writer – GIS – Asset Management – 20 month contract  ****K I am shortlisting for a Technical Author / Business Process Writer for a multimillion Oracle GIS / Asset Management project. This is a 20 month fixed term contract to be based from Newcastle or Castleford. You will be responsible for updating current policies, codes of practice and local working procedures, following the review of current business processes which are impacted upon by the implementation of new IT systems and ways of working. This documentation will be reviewed and authorised by stakeholders, senior management and end users of the system. Duties:  Responsible for writing Policy, Code of Practice and Local Working Procedure documentation to an agreed format.  Able to breakdown high level business processes into sub processes in order that they are specific to functional areas.  Incorporate into the documentation checks and balances to identify and mitigate process and system risks.  Communicate with stakeholders and end users to ensure that all documentation is fit for purpose.  Gather and organize information on problems or procedures.  Participate in workshops and to collect and implement feedback where appropriate into proposed documentation.  Assist other project workstreams as necessary in order to support activities needed to deliver the project to time, cost and quality. Essential:  Ideal candidate will have a minimum of 3 years’ demonstrable experience of writing business processes, policies, codes of practice and local working procedure documents to exacting standards.  You must possess and demonstrate strong communication, analytical and creativity skills.  You must be able to organise, plan, and prioritise work  developing specific goals and plans to meet strict deadlines.  Have the ability to work as an individual and motivate yourself without direct supervision, whilst being an effective member of a small team.  Possess your own transport and be prepared to use for travel within the Yorkshire/Northeast region.  Sound knowledge and understanding of Microsoft Office applications are essential particularly Visio. Desirable: Experience in a utility sector is preferred To hear more about this newly created opportunity to join a unique Oracle implementation project in the UK please send your latest CV to Simon Mattock or call me on **** **** to discuss the opportunity in more detail. Key Word Search: Technical Writer, Technical Author, Business Process Writer, Visio This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalAuthorBusinessProcessWriterNewcastleCastleford_job****