Title: Web Developer/Warrington/Up To ****
Webindex: 71335828
Company: Corecom consulting Ltd
Description: Web Developer/Warrington/Up To **** .Net, C. ASP.NET, CSS, HTML, JQuery, SQL Server, MySQL, Developer Purpose: As a Web Developer you will be responsible for the design, development and support of a wide range of applications. You will work as part of a team with other IT professionals, such as Developers, Systems/Business Analysts. The role involves writing specifications and designing, building, testing, implementing and supporting applications using .NET and C skills and Visual Studio. Skills/Attributes: Microsoft .NET experience Microsoft Visual Studio ****/2010 C and Object Orientated Programming experience Strong SQL database experience Standardscompliant XHTML, HTML and CSS JavaScript/JQuery library User interaction design experience ASP.NET development MVP/MVC LINQ AJAX skills (optional) MySQL **** (optional) SOAP and WebServices experience (optional) Principal Accountabilities: Analysis and solution definition Quickly understands the business, systems, products, processes, procedures, issues and industry. Provides accurate estimates ref design/development and testing of solutions. Develop, review and edits requirements, specifications, business processes and recommendations related to proposed solutions. Supports development of functional specifications. Manages customer expectations effectively. Technical recommendation and testing Supports development of technical specifications. Conducts unit and integration testing on code developed personally. Supports functional and user acceptance testing. Manages change requests and the change control process. Development Develops fit for purpose solutions in line with technical specification. Ensures solution is performance tuned and meets security standards. Fixes bugs in a timely fashion. Provides effective input into functional testing/UAT. Produces effective documentation ref installation/support. Cross skills team members on new functionality/solutions. Contributes to best practice for the development team. Project execution Assists in enforcement of project deadlines and schedules. Communicates and applies project standards. Delivers training when required. Principal Competencies: Project Lifecycle Understanding of Development Project Lifecycle including Design, Functional Technical Specification, Testing approach and Cutover Provide estimates to the Project Manager Familiarity with project development and source code tools eg Team Foundation Server Technical understanding Possesses a comprehensive understanding of the following: application design/database and system design. Understands Internet/Intranet and server architecture. Understands how systems interface with each other. Takes responsibility for personal development. Understanding of Object Orientated development approach. Awareness of Design Patterns and their use. Awareness of Libraries and Controls that can be used to improve the UI and Productivity. Problem solving Exhibits confidence and an extensive knowledge of emerging industry practices when solving business problems. Pushes creative thinking beyond the boundaries of existing industry practices and organisational mindset. Judgement  exercises sound judgement and recognises when judgement is poor. Development Has skills in the following technologies: .NET/ASP/C/JQuery/MySQL/SQL Server Database experience including experience of integration of user interface with database for data entry, update and query. Ensures user interfaces delivered are optimized for optimal user experience Release Management Teamwork Helps to determine new, creative ways to deliver projects. Works across team to share lessons learned and best practices. Positive and 'can do' attitude Always acts in the best interest of the company. Adopts a flexible approach to support and arrive at the best solution for the business. Takes ownership and responsibility of projects. Able to work well with non technical colleagues and adapt style to understand the issue and recommend the right solution. If this sounds like the right role for you, please send your CV in, along with a brief covering note detailing your experience and why you feel you are a good match to the requirements. I look forward to receiving your application. .Net, C. ASP.NET, CSS, HTML, JQuery, SQL Server, MySQL, Developer