Title: Analyst Programmer (Access/VBA)
Webindex: 70769892
Company: Vacancy Filler
Description: Role: Analyst Programmer (Access/VBA) Location: Woking Salary: up to **** pa Term: Temporary or permanent employment Hours: 9.00 am to 5.30 pm (possible flexible working) Our client is seeking an enthusiastic and skilled Analyst Programmer to focus on Access and VBA. This is a client facing role and is suitable for an experienced programmer with the relevant development & support lifecycle experience. The successful candidate will be an integral member of a team of UK and Indian resources responsible for the development and support of applications. This role would be suitable for a candidate looking for a flexible working arrangement. Key responsibilities and duties:  Liaise with clients on all technical design and implementation matters.  Problem solve without access to technical configuration or user guides  Complete all analysis & design activities for the project and produce the relevant documentation  Refactor uncommented code into a more meaningful and maintainable format.  Database maintenance and archiving of data  Development of new functionality.  Educate clients on best practice for source and version control, change management and security.  Comply with corporate test processes and ISO 9001 Quality Management System  Other Software engineering/development duties as assigned. Person specification: This is an excellent opportunity to work within an organisation that is committed to staff welfare and employee relations. Education  Degree educated with a 1st or 2nd from a top 40 university is preferred Essential  Proactive personality and able to work autonomously  Exceptional oral and written communication skills  Strong organizational and planning skills  Good team player  The ability to work to agreed deadlines  Ability to work at detailed and abstract levels  Selflearner All candidates must have the legal right to work in the United Kingdom. Desirable  Experience of working with remote teams  CTC or SC Security Clearance Technical Skills The candidate should have experience of enterprise applications development with specific skills in: Mandatory (5 Years Experience):  Microsoft Access (**** to 2010)  Visual Basic for Applications (VBA)  Database design and architecture  System architecture design  TransactSQL (TSQL) Beneficial (3 Years Experience):  Experience of Excel VBA object model  Experience of Word VBA object model