Title: Data Centre Services Operations Manager
Webindex: 69145609
Description: This company Europe’s leading privately owned IT services organization who provide bespoke data centre services to an extensive and ever growing customer base via the ir own data centres including their newest data centre , which is the first in the UK to be awarded IL**** accreditation from Her Majesty’s Government , n ow have a real career opportunity for a talented and experienced Data Centre Operations Manager to join their Data Centre team in Birmingham to p rovide operational management and overall accountability for the endtoend delivery of the companys’ UK Datacentre Services. A key focus being the delivery of Cloud and TechnologyonDemand based services and solutions, together with support for Customer using the CoLo facilities within the DataCentre. The role provides overall responsibility for the design, development, implementation, support and continuous improvement of processes, controls and service levels for managing the Datacentre Services team and associated functions. A key aspect of the role is to ensure a structured, service management led approach to datacentre planning and administration, primarily focused on the customer environments and supporting internal infrastructures. Also to e nsure the operational performance of service against SLA is achieve d and that the services delivered meet the clients’ expectations and all customer matters are managed efficiently and effectively. Duties will also include: Day to day management of the Datacentre Services department and act as an escalation point for any operational or service related matters. To review the capacity of the environment with regards to resource and operational systems and manage required change, in line with demand, to ensure quality delivery within defined service levels particularly in the delivery of Cloud and TechnologyonDemand based services. To comply with and drive the ISO  BS accreditations required by the datacentre business and to drive a programme of continuous improvement to ensure that accreditations are maintained, reviewed and communicated to the NOC teams and enforced with customers. To define annual budgets incorporating business growth needs for technology, staff resource and training needs for the year ahead. Liaise with relevant members of UK Services to assist with the formulation of Datacentre Services strategy and develop team capabilities in line with strategy decisions. To adhere to and ensure all team members comply with all company policies and processes as communicated by line management in accordance with corporate ISO  BS accreditation levels. Ensure all staff maintain the required levels of security clearance in line with ISO27001 policy and customer specific requirements. Ensure the qualification of all proposed services for quality, conformance to company standards, technical content, pricing and ability to deliver. Work in conjunction with the appropriate business development functions to understand the opportunities within their accounts and develop team skills in line with future requirements. To ensure the department maintains technical accreditations as required by management in accordance with the guidelines provided by manufacturers and software vendors. Plan and implement DataCentre Services resource requirements and recruit either temporary contract or full time resources as required. To obtain Security Clearance. Responsibility for the facilities associated with the two Data Centres within Birmingham . Skills, Knowledge and Experience: Proven ability to design, develop and implement effective processes within large organisations in delivering TechnologyonDemand and Cloud based solutions. Extensive previous people management experience working in an IT services industry utilising an ITIL framework for day to day serviced delivery. Strong resource management skills with experience of running highly technical teams and a proven track record in service management . Proven track record setting up and running a successful Data Centre Operations team . Knowledge and experience of profit and loss responsibilities within a service management operation. Ideally a proven track record setting up and running a successful operations team . Understanding of DataCentre facilities, maintenance, planning and testing . Awareness of Network technologies and experience of working with Network Service Providers . Strong vendor/supplier management skills. Extensive knowledge of Contract and Service Level Agreement management. Conversant with Service Management bestpractice and methodologies (ITIL , MSP, PRINCE2 ) . Must have a good working understanding of current datacentre technologies, architectures and management tools and techniques. The position offer s a negotiable salary/package commensurate with a senior level appointment and will be in the region of ****