Title: C ASPNET/SQL Developer/CMS, CRM systems/XML, XSLT, javascript, AJAX/
Webindex: 71335760
Company: IDPP
Description: About the Role: We are looking for an ASP.NET, C, SQL database developer; with good Web and database skills. The applicant must be a strong developer capable of developing either .NET solutions that use Design Patterns and best practices with a testdriven approach and SQL applications. Are you a strong in IT, a good communicator and have a keen interest to learn about the next generation of social networks and financial markets? Then this role is for you You will learn a lot about financial market data, social networks and a wellknown American CMS system. Experience Required: ****y previous commercial development Solid C .NET **** and MS SQL skills Experience of developing Web applications in C ASP.NET XML, XSLT, JavaScript, AJAX Experience Preferred: Experience of writing Web Services and/or Windows Services Experience with any CMS system (CMS, CRM systems, booking engines or other enterprise systems) LinqToSQL, LinqToEntities skills Ajax controls in ASP.NET, Jquery or any other AJAX library Experience in Object Oriented Analysis and design (OOAD) Qualifications/Education Preferred: University degree from an internationally recognised institution, in computer science MCPD or MCTS in ASP.NET (C or VB.NET) Main Duties and Responsibilities: Work closely with management to build a good understanding of requirements, bring forward strong ideas and integrate Legacy systems with the CMS. Design and build new ASP.NET web pages, controls in .NET within the CMS. Migrate functionalities from my client's old website to the new CMS portal. Create, extend and fix MS SQL stored procedures. Secondary Duties and Responsibilities: Assist with the management and administration of internal network and tools. Assist with support on internal operations. Deal as necessary with operational issues. Administer and troubleshoot Virtual Servers and Database Servers. Research various technical concepts for future application integration.