Title: Junior Business Analyst/Junior Data Analyst  Birmingham Central
Webindex: 68627778
Company: Quantica Technology
Description: I am looking for two people to join a software house in central Birmingham in the capacity of Data Analyst/Junior BA. In the first instance you role will involve you working on compilation and data collation of information sent into the business from external clients, the output will be pre defined in the first instance by the customer. You will need to an above average user with Excel as formula's are used in the final solution, you will be fully trained on the business applications and in the first instance all the discussions you will have regarding the work will be internal. As time progresses along with your knowledge of the tools and applications you will begin to deal directly with the customers, taking there requirements and delivering the output(s) accordingly. To succeed in this position you will need to have a good level of aptitude and be comfortable thinking for yourself, this is especially important as you will need to understand the system and application training given to be successful in this role. There is a clearly defined career path already in place in this role, you will begin as I have described and as your ability and confidence increases you will deal over the phone with customers. This will then lead to you taking requirements on customer site and finally being in a position to either continue in a business capacity into a business analyst role or alternatively in to a sales role. There isn't a required background for applicants, you must have skills with excel and have the personal drive to want to achieve in the position, the effort you put in will be rewarded accordingly as you progress through the business. The company overall has a very strong suite of applications and provides between the public and the private sector, meaning that they are able to provide many different options to the right people as well as offering excellent job security. Salary for this position is **** and will increase to 19,000 on completion of your three month probation. If you require more information on this position please forward your CV to me and I will contact you accordingly.