Title: Application Migration Technical Architect
Webindex: 69019185
Company: Conrad Knight Associates
Description: Application Migration Technical Architect This is an exciting opportunity to join one of the UK s leading Application Management Providers to FTSE 100 enterprises. With skills encompassing Microsoft, VM Ware, Citrix, SMS/SCCM, Cloud services and infrastructure as a service (IAAS), the company is enjoying considerable success and business growth. As a Principal Technical Consultant, you will be responsible for the development of Application Portfolio Management. You will deliver fully integrated and highly manageable future state infrastructures. All systems designed by you must be technically appropriate, cost effective and profitable. Predominantly a consulting appointment with some pre sales aspects, the role demands a broad and detailed infrastructure technology background combined with general business skills. The ideal candidates are technologists with in depth technical solutions design experience, who understand the commercial and technical needs of businesses and can translate this into a design solution that meets the business needs and the cost requirements of customers. Potential future career development offers the opportunity of becoming a thought leader and SME in this field. Candidates will have held a technology consultant role within a SI or Consultancy and will have experience of delivering value propositions across all aspects of a business. A minimum of 5 years industry experience is essential. Technical experience required: Experience of designing and owning Microsoft based architecture solutions Enterprise application migration and desktop virtualization Career background to include at least 4 years and experience of Microsoft technical consulting at enterprise level preferably with team leadership Cloud Computing and IAAS Virtualisation, VMWare, Hyper V, Cisco, Citrix etc, Has worked for a consultancy in a feebased delivery role. Solid knowledge of Microsoft operating systems at a server/desktop level Strong knowledge of deployment technologies with SMS / SCCM Can demonstrate solid knowledge of desktop technologies and creation of core desktop builds MCSE in, ****or **** or above or equivalent qualification is preferred. Knowledge of application lifecycle management with proven knowledge of application virtualization Can demonstrate knowledge in service creation and delivery Ability to develop and maintain positive relationships with clients Knowledge of standards, industry best practice and quality initiatives Understanding of knowledge management and knowledge transfer Can provide quality technical and reporting documentation Operated in blue chip company or quality services partner