Title: Senior Developer (Java / Net / Ruby)
Webindex: 71443903
Company: TLP Consultancy Ltd
Description: Senior Developer (Java / .Net) London Salary ****  **** according to experience My client is looking to hire a senior developer to join their growing team. The successful candidate will have at least five years experience of working with a webbased enterprise technology stack such as Java/JSP/J****EE or .Net, preferably to business users rather than consumers. You will have experience in all areas of such system development, from interfaces to business logic to the database, and particularly in systems integration; providing interfaces from your systems and integrating with others interfaces. My client s system is built on a range of technologies with force.com as the core and the successful candidate will have to be interested in learning this new PlatformasaService technology. RubyonRails is also becoming a more significant part of their technology landscape and a candidate with experience of Ruby on Rails has a distinct advantage (a candidate with several years Ruby on Rails experience but less than five years of other webbased enterprise technology would be considered favourably). They would also expect such a candidate to have a good degree in a relevant subject although proven experience is more important than formal education or accreditation. You will be working in a small development team that utilises a hybrid agile/lean development process. Experience with practices such as TDD, Continuous Integration and LWiP are a distinct advantage. Familiarity with Capital Markets or Investment Banking in general would be beneficial but is not essential. In addition to developing the core product the team all provide technical support to their users, presales support to their sales team and run the initial rollout programmes for new customers. As a senior developer my client will expect you to contribute significantly to the development team in terms of your skills, experience and your ability to lead across all these aspects. Experience of dealing directly with customers is particularly important If this sounds like you please forward your CV for immediate appraisal. TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.