Title: BPO Bid Manager
Webindex: 71435406
Company: Hays
Description: BPO Bid Manager Private Public sector experience South East ****  ****  Package This is a career opportunity to join a rapidly expanding organisation as a Bid Manager in the South East of England. The organisation requires an expert BPO Bid Manager that has successful led and procured bid within the Private and Public Sector. The organisation has an excellent pipeline of work and therefore is increasing their head count within its Bids and Sales Support team. The Role You will operate across a range of large BPO opportunities in the public and private sectors. You will take ownership of the bid from prequalification to project award leading the bid team to design the winning solution. The Person You will have a proven track record of leading and winning large complex bids which deliver top line growth and margin improvement within the BPO sector Commercially astute with the ability to influence and negotiate at a strategic level. You will be a results driven individual capable of formulating and developing innovative bid solutions. Key Responsibilities/Duties: Working independently as well as with the Business Development Director; ensuring a comprehensive, successful bid process. Develop and maintain strong client relationships Lead the development of a strong competitive Bid strategy Develop innovative solution Development of strategic alliances to deliver bid solutions Ensure effective communication both internally and externally Manage budget, pricing, governance and risk throughout the bid process Deliver profitable new business. Key experience and skills: Graduate with professional qualification Excellent Project Management skills (ideally holding a PRINCE**** qualification) An effective and driven manager who thrives through challenge Strong commercial skills Strong customer focus Excellent leadership qualities, demonstrated in previous positions Excellent communication skills, able to liaise at all levels. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BPOBidManager_job****