Title: UNIX System Administrators SOLARIS , VCS , VERITAS , EMC , Banking
Webindex: 71443871
Company: Burns Sheehan Limited
Description: UNIX System Administrators SOLARIS,VCS,VERITAS,EMC,VERITAS Volume Manager, My consulting client are in need of **** strong UNIX System Administrators with a background in banking environments. The initial contract will be for 6 months but a strong likelihood to extend. The ideal candidate will have a heavy exposure to storage infrastructure. Please note, this role will be based onsite with an investment banking client therefore only candidates with relevant experience in a banking environment will be considered. Key skills:  Solaris **** (and earlier releases)  Solaris **** Zones  Linux (SUSE, VMware)  Veritas Cluster Server (not just support but architecture and deployments)  Veritas Volume Manager (including advanced troubleshooting)  Veritas File systems  Sun Volume Manger  Korn shell scripting  EMC San technologies (RDF, DMX, Symmetric Unix Command set)  This is the main requirement with a heavy emphasis on EMC/Veritas/Solaris/Linux. Role and responsibilities:  Acceptance testing of latest builds, patch releases, hardware platforms and OS software releases from the Engineering team for signoff into the production operating environment.  Documentation of process and concepts to assist in even distribution of knowledge in the wider Unix SA teams.  Point of escalation for the less experienced SAs.  Point of escalation for client issues.  Point of escalation for major oncall issues including being a Incident and Problem Management representative for Unix  Ownership and responsibility of designing and planning major changes within infrastructure and assisting application teams with their requirements  Appreciation of business deadlines, and priorities balanced with best security practices and working methods.  Understanding of risk analysis and assessment. If you have the relevant experience, please forward your profile for an immediate review. Burns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds.