Title: Lead Developer
Webindex: 55409315
Company: JOBG8
Description: Our client, a Central Government agency, is a global leader in its market. Currently working on a major programme to strengthen capability to manage and deliver information systems for the production of digital solutions to support a digital market, they have immediate requirements for a Lead Developer to join the Systems Development and Integration team. As part of this programme the organisation is extending its internal development capability by establishing an Agile development team. The Lead Developer will initially to help define and establish the new Agile Development Team and its processes. Working with the Enterprise Architecture Group to ensure that best practice, standards, principles and policies are maintained and adhered to. Coordinating the team's daytoday technical activities and mentor the other technical staff, assisting in the transfer of knowledge and experience to Lead Developers outside the team. The Lead Developer will contribute, alongside other development peers with the Service and Support group, in setting and raising the standards of development within the organisation and provide assurance on 3rd party developments. This post will take direct responsibility as Technical Lead for software development enforcing, reviewing and improving the Technology Baseline, ensuring that there is a proactive maintenance programme for Software solutions, working with suppliers as appropriate. They will supply a proactive service to the organisation which will investigate software advances and developments, identify and recommend those which can improve or enhance systems and processes across the organisation as a whole, providing advice, guidance and support as required. The successful candidate will have significant experience of line management and agile technologies. You will be a highly motivated and enthusiastic individual, experienced in leading and motivating a high performing team. You will possess strong interpersonal, communication, planning and organisational skills, you will be capable of providing quality / technical assurance within complex development projects. You will be a confident and competent negotiator and decision maker, with commercial awareness/experience of managing contractors, staff and of directing others to undertake tasks, including 3rd parties. You will have developed multitiered application architectures, the design and development of processorientated or casemanagement applications, and application development on database, application / web server and user interface tiers, predominantly using Microsoft platforms and languages. You must possess hands on experience and knowledge in the application of the following: Data layer: Physical schema design Logical schema design Choice of locking strategy SQL Objectrelational mapping (e.g. LINQ to SQL, Entity Framework) Application layer (business logic, integration, workflow, reporting, authentication): Net ****  .NET **** or later (C, WCF for web services) Business process management, particularly based on Workflow Foundation, for example K**** WS standards or RESTful web services Kerberos, Active Directory Caching technologies and approaches User Interface layer: ASP.NET MVC and Web Forms, HTML, JavaScript MS SharePoint Services; SharePoint Portal; Web Parts Data transfer and manipulation: XML; XSLT, XPath, XQuery Testdriven development: Unit testing and unit test tools Automated test tools and methods Build and Continuous Integration tools and environment tools: SubVersion and Jenkins or equivalent VMWare Lab Manager It would be beneficial if you have familiarity with Industry and Professional Standards, including, corporate change management methods, ITIL, TOGAF, Cobit, NHibernate, MS VS equivalent of Cruise Control, MS VS Team Foundation, MS VS Lab Management, as well as MCSD/ISEB/ITIL qualifications This is a really great opportunity to work within a highly respected organisation with excellent opportunities and other benefits. Employees benefit from civil service status, with access to range of benefits and facilities, but also enjoy the challenge and stimulation of a commercial environment. Some roles also benefit from additional 'on call' allowance payments. As an Investor in People, this organisation offers excellent opportunities from the induction to professional development and further education. In addition to job training they also offer help with and actively encourage learning, career development and progression. Apply now online with your up to date CV, and contact us for further information on these roles.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at 