Title: Implementation Consultant  Business Software Applications
Webindex: 67308143
Company: Ambis resourcing Partnership
Description: Implementation Consultant / Applications Consultant with full life cycle implementation experience of commercial software applications  new role just outside Bristol, between Nailsea and Portishead, very convenient for the M5. Excellent package with car allowance, health care, pension and over 5 weeks holiday. Dynamic, innovative company with an excellent software product in a niche market. The company are authors of their own software; they have been in business for nearly 20 years and have a superb track record with a 100% success rate of software implementation. Their software is constantly being developed and covers extensive areas of their specialist market including asset management, valuations, accounting, document management, acquisitions, energy consumption, investments, planning, GIS and PDA s. The software is web enabled and can be sold as on premise or hosted in the Cloud. They need an additional implementation consultant who can determine business requirements, produce specifications, implement the software, run training courses and assist with presales and presentations. They are looking for a motivated consultant who can work on their own initiative as well as being a strong team player; someone with excellent communication skills, happy to travel to client sites, with good attention to detail and business analysis skills. Commercial software experience is essential with strong MS Office skills, and any knowledge of asset management, property, local authorities, surveying, accounting software, Oracle, SQL, project management or MS Project would all be an added bonus. You will get superb career progression here and training in their flagship software product. This is a dynamic, interesting environment and you will get plenty of variety and some excellent people to work with. To find out more contact Jake or Carolyn at Ambis, or drop us a copy of your CV as soon as possible