Title: Implementation Consultant SQL / Virtual Technologies / Softwa
Webindex: 68357097
Company: Senitor Associates
Description: Implementation Consultant  SQL / Virtual Technologies / Software Software House  London Salary of up to **** A fantastic new opportunity has arisen for an Implementation Consultant to join a rapidly expanding software house based in London As part of your role you will be responsible for liaising with clients in a customer facing role, carrying out the software implementation and providing ongoing support. This role is varied and exciting and provides an excellent opportunity for career progression and growth. The ideal candidate will have a good understanding of SQL  queries, scripting, triggers, stored procedures, updates, inserts and TSQL are all relevant to this role. If you have had exposure to SQL and are looking for a new and exciting position as an Implementation Consultant then please apply now My client specialises in Digital Dictation and Speech Recognition for the medical and legal profession amongst other bespoke software  your role will be to implement this software into a range of client sites. You will be responsible for delivering and configuring the software and providing ongoing support. Previous experience implementing software is a must and exposure to Digital Dictation is a benefit. The key technologies required for this role include SQL, virtualisation technologies (VMWare, HyperV, Vsphere), Citrix and Windows Terminal Services. You may be working on multiple projects at the same time and so must be organised and ensure project scope and timescales are adhered too. You will be able to manage conflicting priorities and keep all management and clients up to date with the software implementation and report project progress. You will be confident in both your technical ability and your communication and leadership skills. Key Technologies: SQL Any Bespoke Software Virtualisation (VMWare, HyperV, Vsphere) Citrix Digital Dictation / Legal / Medical Software Application Packaging My client heavily invest in their staff, providing extensive training and opportunities for career progression. This role is an exciting new opportunity with a great company and will not be around for long. If you are an Implementation Consultant looking for a challenging new role then send your CV immediately or call me on (Apply online only) to discuss this opportunity further Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy