Title: System Security Analyst x ****
Webindex: 68181585
Company: Minstrell Recruitment Ltd
Description: Systems Security Analyst x **** Purpose of the role: To work within my client s Security Operations Centre (SOC) as a Systems Security Analyst with a responsibility to identify, notify and respond to security threats across our networks. To carry out forensic analysis on company IT systems, and to make sure that technical security updates and solutions are deployed as required. To work on both Commercial and HMG environments to the policies set by the Information Assurance team. Responsibilities: Provide system security advice to system management, system staff and users. Monitor hardware, firmware and software modifications and enhancements to the system to ensure that security is not breached and ensure remedial action is taken in a timely manner. Review security patches. test and deploy (or assist and/or monitor) these patches to all relevant systems; thus mitigating against security vulnerabilities and other bugs. Maintaining and examining system security logs, which should record sufficient details about the normal activities of the system to allow a history of events to be reconstructed, making use of appropriate forensic techniques and technologies. Ensure that records of hardware, firmware and software changes and defects are kept and regularly examined for unusual trends. Monitor the backup and recovery of relevant system security information. Report any system security loopholes, infringements and vulnerabilities that may come to light, to the Security Operations Centre Manager, and Information Assurance Team in a timely manner. Where requested by the Information Assurance Team, initiate any security investigation into possible security breaches, which may involve HMG protectively marked information. Ensure that all personnel needing access to the system are appropriately security cleared and/or supervised, and are aware of the local security regulations. Maintain a record of anyone authorised to use any part of the system and the extent of their authorisation. Control and issue passwords or other access control devices, where relevant. Liaise with contractors to ensure that maintenance is carried out without endangering security. Ensure the proper custody of magnetic media and other system documents and maintain these using the appropriate Change Management and Incident Management processes. Any other duties as deemed necessary to achieve department goals. Qualifications/Experience: Experienced Security Analyst. A proven track record of delivery in a multidisciplined environment. Demonstrable experience of security related incidents and work requests. Experience of UK HMG information security processes and policies. Familiarity with industry leading security products. Knowledge of SIEM toolsets. Experience of working within a change control and incident management environment. Detailed internet, networking, and computer knowledge (software Understanding of systems administration, intrusion detection and vulnerability analysis. Experience with security testing tools, development of threat assessments and security testing methodologies would be advantageous. Experience with network troubleshooting tools like network sniffers, TCPDUMP or IPTRACE utilities. Experience with methods for ethical security hacking/penetration testing. Familiar with the tools and techniques used by ethical hackers including vulnerability scanners and network mapping tools. Proven ability within network traffic analysis. Knowledge and experience of SPF, JSP **** Qualification in GIACGCIA (GIAC Certified Intrusion Analyst) desirable. Multiple operating systems and applicable system administration skills (Windows, Solaris, Linux). Client Server applications. Multitier web applications. Relational databases. Firewalls Virtual private networks. Microsoft Exchange Enterprise antivirus product sets. Excellent understanding of networking principles including TCP/IP, WAN s, LAN s, and commonly used Internet protocols such as SMTP, HTTP, FTP, POP, LDAP. Patch management. Forensic monitoring. In depth knowledge of CESG product sets. Security incident management and control. Understanding of the Domain Name System (DNS). Detailed understanding of packet structure and packet header fields. Understanding of fragmentation. Knowledge of IDS/IPS management and architecture issues. Good understanding of Microsoft protocols. Understanding of NIDS evasion, insertion, and checksums. Understanding of Snort Fundamentals including configuration, GUIs, sensor management, performance, active response and tagging. Ability to create custom Snort Rules. TCP Dump fundamentals and knowledge of writing filters. Wireshark fundamentals. Solid understanding of HEX. Security: MOD SC Clearance with suitable criteria and willingness for DV clearance if required. Please apply direct