Title: Client Director, IT Reseller
Webindex: 71305715
Company: Lewis Paige
Description: Client Director, IT Reseller, York, **** basic  **** OTE Key Skills: Demonstrated account management with large corporate accounts with a complex nature. A proven track record selling technology and technology solutions to existing and new commercial customers. Experience of developing effective working relationships with senior stakeholders within large blue chip organisations. A track record of developing existing business and securing net new customers. Demonstrated achievement of financial objectives and increasing margin growth. Structured selling skills with the ability to achieve objectives. Ability to question, problem solve and negotiate for positive outcome. Demonstrate business value at Board or Director level in order to gain commitment. Interpret business issues and translate these into technology or people based solutions. Analyse sales data to understand current sales performance, and improve ongoing performance. Communicate effectively with both senior management and end users, and able to clearly articulate an indepth understanding of product and solution capabilities. Manage multiple tasks and conflicting priorities effectively. See tasks through to completion and within agreed timescales. Responsibilities: Establish and maintain effective professional relationships with allocated and target accounts, including key decision makers up to board level. Identify and maximise opportunities for sales growth using structured selling and negotiation skills. Develop collaborative customer strategies to drive new and existing business in both software and services. Utilise extensive product knowledge to deliver specific IT solutions and services supportive of business goals. Own, manage and control the preparation of bids, tenders and RFI’s / RFQ’s and use allocated resources to ensure that high quality bids are submitted in a timely fashion. Ensure all actions from customer communication and meetings are distributed to the relevant personnel and are responsible for the outputs in a timely and efficient manner. Deliver sales to achieve targets across large and complex accounts. The Client: Our client is is a marketleading Value Added Reseller who provides technology services and solutions to large scale UK private and public sector organisations.The company has been established for over 24 years and helps companies to make sense of their complex IT environments by unlocking the value of technology, improving efficiencies and reducing costs. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ClientDirectorITReseller_job****