Title: iOS Developer  Objective C, MVC, eCommerce, Greenfield, Web
Webindex: 68805990
Company: Burns Sheehan Limited
Description: iOS Developer, Mobile Developer, Objective C, C++, XML, London, MVC/OO, JSON, UI, XCode Are you a passionate, dedicated and driven iOS Developer? Do you want to work with a global company that has an established presence in the UK, US and Asia? If so then read on One of the biggest mobile commerce, banking and payments companies in the world are currently looking for an iOS Developer to help create sophisticated and cutting edge mobile applications that will be used by millions of people worldwide, as well as over **** financial institutions that partner with them. With over a third of North American banks, all major players in the UK banking industry and a continually expansive growth in Asia and Africa it is an exciting time to join a company that appears destined to be a major player in the coming decades. With a CEO that has been dubbed a Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum as well as receiving entrepreneur of the year awards and a Chief Operating Officer that has decades of experience with developing start ups to world leaders the companies future is certainly in very secure hands. However, despite this success, the core values that remained at the start of the company still remain  That is that the people define the company and ultimately the success of it. With this in mind, they offer an open, collaborative environment in which accountants sit next to marketers who sit next to developers in order to ensure that everyone has an understanding of the business and where it is going. Encouraging initiative and offering fresh challenges constantly, it is an enthusing environment, but the benefits do not stop there. Aside from competitive salaries and bonuses they also offer private healthcare, a share scheme and pension. To be successful for this role you will need:  Demonstrable experience of basic data structures  linked lists/binary trees/arrays etc  Excellent understanding of the full iOS app development cycle  Experience with Objective C and related programming language (preferably C based languages)  Strong MVC/ Object Orientated programming skills  Demonstrable knowledge of Xcode, instruments and interface builder If this role appeals to you then submit your CV for consideration. In a stylish area of Central London the surrounding area is full of niche restaurants, bars and cultural locations so that after a long day developing the latest and greatest in iOS apps you will have an envious choice of ways in which to unwind. With continued growth forecasted, and the financial backing to ensure that this can be achieved the potential for you to grow within this company is limitless for the right candidate.Burns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds.