Title: 1st line support (HTML5)
Webindex: 72690515
Company: Propel London Ltd
Description: 1st line support (HTML5) London ****k  ****k A global provider of digital advertising solutions, who provide a unique display ad serving platform, are looking for a 1st line support executive, with strong HTML5 skills, to join their London team. The Creative Service Specialist will deal directly with creative agency clients; the role will be involved in the implementation of campaign media plans, QAing ads and submitting to publishers. You will be able to balance multiple tasks simultaneously whilst providing a high level of service. This includes the following specific duties:  To provide 1st line support to all UK creative agencies.  Open, organize and maintain clients creative accounts.  Able to problem solve HTML5/JS issues.  Monitoring the creation and execution of ads.  Conducting training sessions with creative agencies, both on the phone and inperson.  Providing technical support for online publishers if required.  Supporting team members throughout the campaign cycle.  Introducing and educating clients to new products, features, and best practices.  Help to communicate timely information on the development and upgrades on the company s technology.  Come up with ideas for new formats and executions. What will you need to succeed?  Highly technical in HTML5/JS.  Understands the technical aspects of online video.  Degree level education in IT, Multimedia or Computer Science.  Experience in the online advertising industry.  Able to master new technologies in short periods of time.  Able to manage multiple projects and clients at the same time.  Great attention to detail and highly administrative.  Highly motivated, independent and resourceful.  Excellent communication skills with particular attention to detail.  Able to work in a fast paced, fluid operating environment.  Exemplary time management skills, able to prioritize and work well under pressure.  Flash AS skills advantageous.