Title: Electronics Design Engineer  Aerospace
Webindex: 68359385
Company: Experis IT
Description: Electronics Design Engineer required for one of the world's leading Aerospace companies based in Cheltenham to carry out the design, development, integration and verification of electronics hardware for civil military aerospace applications. You will be a degree qualified engineer, with good experience across the development lifecycle. You should also have good exposure to Analogue, Digital or FPGA design. Key responsibilities Designing the architecture and electronics for electronic modules, products and systems. Integrating and verifying analogue or Digital electronic modules and products. Supporting products through environmental and EMC qualification. Diagnosing and fixing design problems in existing and new products. Preparing for and participating in design reviews. Providing technical advice within the department and to customers Experience Knowledge: Experience of electronics design using one or more of the following electronic techniques is essential: Analogue design including operationalamplifiers. High speed, high density digital design. Analogue to digital converters Transistor level design Switched mode power supply design Experience of aircraft sensor interfacing, power switching or control experience would be an advantage. Must possess a degree or HND in an electronic engineering or related subject. Experience of technical proposal writing is ideal. Experience of designing, testing and debugging high speed digital electronics modules. Experience of testing and solving issues which arise due to environmental andEMCqualification testing of electronic hardware. Strong organisation communication skills Excellent team working skills Passionate and proactive AHDL FPGA design experience D esirable Experience Previous exposure to Safety critical/Defence design standards such as DO254. Mixed signal processing experience. Previous Aerospace development. Understanding of safety and reliability concepts Please apply through this advert or call Stef Walters on **** **** **** SSE12 Electronics Design Development Integration Analogue Digital FPGA Aerospace This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ElectronicsDesignEngineerAerospace_job****