Title: Business Analyst  Social Housing
Webindex: 66924875
Company: Code Red Associates
Description: Code Red Associates (CRA) is a leading supplier of Permanent can do; will do attitude and provide excellent customer service by meeting agreed service levels. Essential criteria for the include a good track record working in a Social Housing IT environment with Social Housing business processes and at least one Social Housing Management system (such as Northgate Housing/OHMS, Orchard Housing/arcHouse, Civica Universal Housing/CTX, Kypera Housing, Aareon QL Housing, Capita Academy/OPENHousing, et al.) You will have demonstrable experience working in an Analysis capacity either as your main role or as a good proportion of your task in a more varied role. You will also have excellent systems skills and have experience of a SQL based reporting tool (SQL Server Reporting Services, Business Objects &/or Crystal Reports or similar) and well as the ability to interrogate data sets using SQL scripts. Specifically, we are recruiting for candidates with experience of Rents, Service Charges, Homelessness and/or Allocations business processes and modules. Desirable criteria for the vacancy include a relevant chartered status with a professional body such as the British Computer Society or Chartered Institute of Housing, or certification in methodologies and processes such as PRINCE**** ITIL or any Business Analysis techniques  UML, Six Sigma, Agile, etc. This is an immediate requirement and an exciting opportunity to develop your career whilst taking part in a major part in an ambitious change programme. If the information above describes you then believes apply immediately for swift consideration. Code Red Associates acts as an Employment Agency/Business with regards to this vacancy. As an Equal Opportunities employer Code Red welcomes applications regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, disability or age. All applicants are considered on the basis of their merits and abilities for the job