Title: Head of Social Gaming
Webindex: 69686998
Company: Pentasia Ltd
Description: Our client is a market leading iGaming company with a product portfolio spanning sportsbook, poker, bingo, casino and now social gaming. The proliferation of social gaming into the public conscious has now meant an increased focus by my client within this space. As a result they are seeking to acquire and experienced Head of Social Gaming. This role is responsible for defining and delivering clients social gaming strategy and ambitions with full P L accountability. Job Description This role will include driving the Social Gaming strategy, seeking out and developing the most innovative social gaming products with a view to driving customer acquisition and realcash revenues. You will be responsible for collaboration, management and motivation of the 3rd party outsourced team, for creating new products, ensuring existing customers are enthused and identify the latest social gaming and community techniques that can successfully be employed. Building relationships with new partners will also be an integral part of this role in order to drive increased PR initiatives, offers and revenue. Previous experience working with a social gaming brand or blue chip organisation in a social gaming delivery and strategy role will be essential, along with strong expertise in customer acquisition using social media and gaming strategies. You must possess good business development skills and have the ability to develop strong commercial relationships, working closely with numerous stakeholders to strengthen the teams understanding of the mobile social games market in Europe, the competitive landscape and future growth opportunities. For a selfsufficient, proactive and innovative thinker who can bring fresh ideas to the table, this role presents a fantastic opportunity to join a reputable, expanding company and directly contribute to the bottom line. Accountabilities  Accountable for the strategy of the social business  Accountable for delivery of social gaming products  Ownership of all budget and forecast processes (supported by the Interactive Finance Director)  Ownership of the performance and reporting on a weekly/periodic basis with a high degree of insight/analysis and clear action planning to deliver change  Responsible for the strategy, planning, implementation and monitoring of all marketing activity (including acquisition, retention, customer insight and PR)  Develop a product portfolio that optimises the acquisition and retention of customers  Directly manage the chosen partner and report back the business.  Responsible for resolution of customer and site issues Skills, Knowledge Experience  Experience working within a successful social gaming business  Worked within the online gaming industry / blue chip Company at a middle management level for a minimum of 3 years  Strong customer and financial analytical skills and the ability to leverage them effectively  Experience of effectively managing and developing people within both entrepreneurial and big business cultures