Title: Workday HCM Consultants
Webindex: 72688684
Company: Sentio Solutions Ltd
Description: Workday HCM Consultants required. Big 4 / top tier Global Management Consultancy with an HR Technology Practice is offering an unrivalled opportunity to receive comprehensive training and certification in Workday and other SaaS HRIS solutions within a highly respected, credible and universally recognised organisation. Location: Based London  all applicants should live within daily commutable distance of central London. Remuneration: Basic salaries extend to **** plus bonus plus additional benefits. Travel: Regular onsite work at clients is needed (around 70%); therefore applicants should be mobile. The Opportunity: working as an HR SaaS Consultant you will help Clients with organising and defining the implementation strategies to improve the effectiveness of technology across their entire HR function and you ll have the opportunity to work on a variety of related consulting projects, as well as receiving any required training. The role may include, but is not restricted to:  Implementation readiness preparation, and other clientside advice and management  Deployment of Workday and other Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions  Using your business analysis skills to identify and document client requirements, and determine HR system and data strategies  Providing project and programme management services to clients  Using your HR and HR systems knowledge to identify the key issues for our clients undergoing change in HR or related people and technology processes  Acting as an ambassador when taking propositions into our clients  Working at all levels within the client s organisation from CEO and Directors to the HR team and be able to gain immediate credibility, adapting your style to suit the audience. Requirements: You ll be a highlymotivated professional, ideally from a professional services background. Your skills and experience will include:  A demonstrable history of working on the project lifecycle for some HR Transformation or People related change programmes (ideally technology driven)  HR functional knowledge and understanding of at least one aspect of the HR Employee proposition and lifecycle.  Demonstrable specialist skills, for example proven business analysis techniques, organisation design, HR technology specification and/or implementation.  Previous background in Workday or top tier HR Software asa Service implementation highly desirable.  A flexible approach, adapting your style to be successful working with both small and large clients.  Being commercially focused.  Strong communication, presentation and relationship building skills are essential.  Being very delivery focused with a proven track record.  Relevant international experience would be valuable but not essential. Please apply immediately to take advantage of this outstanding opportunity to further your career within Workday and other cuttingedge HR Systems.