Title: Senior Project Manager  New Product Development
Webindex: 71305653
Company: Greythorn
Description: Senior Project Manager  New Product Development A Global bluechip based in Surrey is looking for a highly experienced Senior Project Manager to join it's recently establish New Product Development team. Working on the product delivery side of the business, you will be responsible for the management, performance and completion of single or multiple projects involving the development, manufacturing installation and hand over to Customer Service of electronic, electromechanical and software systems and equipment, assuring projects are completed within budget, schedule, contract requirements and growth of the base contract. Further responsibilities include: Responsible for the management, performance and completion of single or multiple projects involving the development, manufacturing and installation of electronic, electromechanical and software systems and equipment. This will include responsibility for the quality of the 'end products'. Direct projects involving extensive software engineering development Serving as the primary contact for the customer. To manage, oversee, monitor and approve all elements of assigned projects from inception to completion, including proposal development, product design, procurement, subcontracting, manufacturing, testing, delivery, installation and acceptance of products. To review and approve technical approach, feasibility and cost estimates for projects, To plan and direct the integration of project team members representing various functional areas within the company. To conduct project coordination meetings and present projects to senior management. To plan and manage resource availability for projects such as engineering, manpower, production, computer support or installation facilities. To participate in the marketing of new technology, developing potential new business and obtaining followon business in conjunction with marketing personnel. Manage commercial provisions with customer, alongside contracts administrator. Responsible for change control, including negotiation of project changes and variations Responsible to complete each project in accordance with the company's Quality processes, procedures and within the financial approval limits. To be successful, you will have had proven project management experience gained within projects centered on the development of products as well as a professional project management qualification. Bsc. Degree or equivalent qualification in an engineering or other technical discipline is also essential. You will also have ideally come from a smaller 'startup' background and worked in a multisite, multigeographical environment. Please send me your CV today to find out more about this first class organization and exciting opportunity This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorProjectManagerNewProductDevelopment_job****