Title: Software Architect, London, To ****k DOE
Webindex: 55408231
Company: Migration
Description: Software Architect (Java), London, to ****k DOE Software Architect / Technical Design Authority / TDA / Design Engineer / Java / Web Services / SaaS / Web Services / .Net / OOAD / OOP / London / Insurance About this role: World renowned City based Insurance firm currently seek a Software Architect to become a key member of the architecture team. You will be required to design and execute robust and high quality enterprise scale software solutions across the business. The core responsibilities of the role include: You will be the primary responsibility of the role is to ensure sound design and the ability to build and maintain strong working relationships throughout the business through the application of strong analysis and customer facing skills. The Software Architect also provides a consultative role to projects, pilots, integration to COTS products and general software support in term of both overall application architecture and lower level design, i.e. software architecture. To review and align all applications, including legacy applications, in a cost effective manner. To define software architecture and standards, and communicate these to the business. To advise other members of the architecture and development teams of the software design best practice. To provide a consultative role in projects in terms of application, integration and software support throughout the project life cycle. To continually review the software architecture and advises of solutions to meet the requiring needs of the business. The technical requirements for this role include: Minimum of 10 years' experience within systems development and design, preferably within multiple business domains and from a consulting background. Knowledge of multiple programming languages but particularly Core Java in a web services environment. Experience working with the .Net framework from a design and architecture perspective is desirable. Proven experience of leading technical and nontechnical staff and supporting change management activities. Good understanding of the UML design methodologies from analysis through to implementation models. Thorough understanding of OOAD/OOP. You must be a true team player with exceptional communications skills. This is a business facing role so stakeholder management experience is a necessity, therefore consulting experience is also desirable. To apply or for a confidential discussion please call Chris Murdoch on .