Title: technical GMI Business Analyst
Webindex: 72128882
Company: DCM Select
Description: Leading Investment Bank is looking to hire several senior technical GMI Business Analysts to drive requirements for the reengineering of the global derivatives clearing technology platform. This is a 'hands on' technical role working on a variety of projects in the Cleared Derivatives Technology team, very visible and of high strategic importance to the bank. You will: • Leverage a detailed knowledge of Sungard GMI in specific areas such as General ledger processing, collateral processing, margining, the batch, fees/comms, interest, regional processing, trade loads. • Work with the project leads to analyze requirements and produce technical specifications for build teams. • Work with the development team ensuring they understand the specifications. • Conduct business process modeling and generate applicable scenarios testing. • Document system scenarios and identify roles impacted to help develop and change management and training plan. Ideally you have the following:  Detailed knowledge of GMI possibly gained from either a Technical or Operational basis.  Experience working with Sungard on GMI product support / GMI product enhancement.  Knowledge of specific products, markets and operational processes in the region (eg EMEA expect LIFFE, EUREX, LME, ICE, Euronext etc)  Strong experience of working in a Futures Options department.  Ability to build and maintain strong relationships with business partners and technology  Experience of IT business analysis in an Investment Banking context  Ability to understand and analyze business processes workflows with the objective of providing recommendations for the best use of technology to improve these  Ability to supervise and coordinate system and UAT testing  Experience with documentation / issues tracking tools  AS**** commands and CL or CLLE / AS**** query or SQL Nice to haves: F O Industry knowledge  CCP clearing, Regulatory landscape and changes. GMI / Technical Analyst / Business Analyst This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/technicalGMIBusinessAnalyst_job****