Title: Technology Consultants / JEE / Java Development / Dublin
Webindex: 68806837
Company: ReThink Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Technology Consultants / JEE/Java Development / Dublin ReThink Recruitment are proud to partner with one of Irelands leading technology solutions providers. Due to continued growth and significant investment, and driven by a aspiration to become the definitive market leader, this organisation now require a number of Technology Consultants. You will tasked with developing JEE/Java solutions on behalf of various public and private sector clients. The purpose of these roles is to help clients realise the business value from technology by delivering innovative, best in class JEE/Java solutions. Using the latest JEE/Java technologies you will be continually encouraged to pioneer best in class solutions, to help clients manage and deliver the operational elements of technology. These roles offer the opportunity to work with a variety of clients across a number of different sectors, allowing you to improve both your technical and business knowledge in a career driven environment. Required Skills  Third level qualification in Computer Science/Engineering or a related discipline.  Java / JEE development experience essential  Ideally 13 years demonstrated industry experience in one or more of the following: Systems Analysis Design; Software Development, Object or Orientated Design; Software Development techniques.  Java Technologies; Hibernate, Spring Webflow, Spring ROO, AXIS Web services, XML, XSLT, Ant/Maven, JUnit, Hudson.  Highly motivated, with a proven ability to work on own initiative within a challenging and dynamic work environment.  Ability to work both independently and as part of a team with professionals at all levels.  Excellent oral/written communication, planning, project management, networking and influencing skills.  Ability to prioritise tasks and work on multiple assignments. The organisation is a recognised investor in people, offering a structured and define career path that will improve your technical and business competencies whilst offering a high level of rewards. As such they are recognised as one of Dublins most respected employers, a business that is dedicated to professional development and a business which places its employees at the heart of all it does. If you would be interested in exploring these opportunities further, please contact us for a discrete conversation.We are acting as an Employment Agency