Title: AX Developer, Hampshire, ****k  pension  Bonus
Webindex: 69541459
Company: Nigel Frank International
Description: My client is leading organisations who have a UK market share of over 60% in the security and safety industry. They are looking to add an AX Developer to their current successful internal team. This role offers a great opportunity for an experienced developer as there is guaranteed progression into a Senior Developer role early into 2013, and a salary of c****k. The successful candidate will have a minimum of 2 years experience in MS Dynamics AX, X coding. There is a preference to candidates who have used AX **** however this is not an essential requirement. Furthermore, exposure to the projects, manufacturing and finance modules of AX, and experience in SQL and SSRS will be highly regarded as well. The essential skills for this role are; 2 years AX experience 2 years X coding experience Support and training exposure Experience in AX **** Coming from a Manufacturing background is also essential One of the first responsibilities for this role will be playing a key role in the implementation of a new AX 2012 upgrade, giving the successful candidate exposure to the latest technology. This is a remarkable opportunity for an AX professional with good experience to join an AX end user with an excellent reputation, their AX system has a user base of more than **** and they are expanding. To discuss this Microsoft Dynamics AX Developer role and for other impressive Dynamics positions please send your CV or call Sam Cook on (Apply online only) in complete confidence. Nigel Frank International is the leading Dynamics recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Dynamics jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners and End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements jobs for Dynamics professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the market I have built relationships with key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and jobs are. Please visit (url removed) for more exciting Dynamics opportunities Developer, Junior Developer, Senior Developer, support developer, Hampshire, Berkshire, Wiltshire, Sussex, surrey, AX, Axapta, Ms Dynamics AX/ Dynamics AX