Title: Utilities Commercial Sourcing Manager / Sourcing Manager
Webindex: 72127814
Company: NES Global Talent
Description: Utilities Commercial Sourcing Manager / Sourcing Manager / Commercial / Contract / Energy / Permanent / London / North Greenwich My client is currently recruiting for a Utilities Commercial Sourcing Manager for a permanent role based in London. Experience and knowledge of wholesale power markets, Power Purchase Agreements and strong commercial analytical skills are essential for this role. Key Skills  Experience of commercial and contractual issues, specifically on wholesale power, gas and water contracts.  Strong commercial analytical skills, commercial modelling and the ability to develop tools to facilitate longterm budget requirement projections.  Experience of Stark energy management system or a similar `system  Experience of carrying out risk assessments using a range of methods, tools and techniques. Technical requirements:  Ability to analyse complex data (quantitative and qualitative), draw conclusions, and produce solutions and decisions.  Knowledge and understanding of, risk management, financial control, procurement processes and relevant tools techniques.  Knowledge of Power Purchase Agreements and other structures to deliver low carbon/renewable energy Please email your CV for an immediate response. Your CV will not be forwarded to any clients without your prior authorisation. NES IT is part of the NES Global Talent Group, a global multi award winning provider of professional resource management services. NES IT works with corporate and public sector clients to meet their contract, interim and permanent personnel requirements. NES IT ltd acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. Applications will be considered based only on skills and ability and we do not discriminate on any grounds. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/UtilitiesCommercialSourcingManagerSourcingManager_job****