Title: Graduate IT Consultant / Junior Project Manager, to ****k
Webindex: 66376683
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Graduate IT Consultant / Junior Project Manager, to ****k Based in Newcastle upon Tyne our client, is a Microsoft Partner, who works closely with clients to assess, transition and manage their IT requirements, ensuring that business objectives are met. Position: Graduate IT Consultant Location: Newcastle Salary: ****K****K Benefits: 25 days holiday plus bank holidays, Pension Contribution Scheme, Occupational Sick Pay, Childcare voucher scheme, Career development and progression and Cycle to work scheme ROLE: They are looking for a highly motivated IT graduate to work in their existing business intelligence team, using appropriate technologies to allow their customers a deeper understanding of their business. You must be highly motivated and organised with good presentation and communication skills and have an appreciation of business intelligence or data analysis techniques and technologies. The role will involve working with senior team members during all stages of their business intelligence projects and represents a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate. The Graduate IT Consultant / Junior Project Manager will work closely with clients, providing consultation about their business requirements and subsequently working with technologies such as QlikView to deliver the right solution. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Working as a valuable member of a project team, consulting with clients about their requirements. b) Learning and applying techniques for system requirements definition and documentation. c) Assisting with the creation of appropriate sections of sales proposals. d) Implementing defined solutions, with a focus on QlikView (BI reporting) and Microsoft SharePoint, to meet the client’s requirements. e) Endtoend responsibility for smaller projects. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Prior experience with reporting systems, for example excel reporting, SQL (i.e. writing SQL scripts) or other relevant technologies. Educated to degree level (or equivalent) with relevance in an IT / Business Information subject. b) Ability to communicate clearly with peers and clients. c) A high level of interest in IT and a keenness to learn more, with experience in using IT in university projects or in employment. d) Motivated to learn about their clients’ businesses and how they can help. e) Ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines. f) The ability to work as part of a team. g) Adaptive and a positive attitude to challenges. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Commercial experience gained in a similar role in the past 2 years or a recent gap year. You may have experience of the following: IT Graduate Trainee, Software Consultant, BI Reporting, Crystal Reports, Excel, IT Graduate Software Consultant, Trainee Business Analyst, Graduate Programme, Junior Project Manager, Data Analyst, IT Project Support, Graduate Scheme, Computer Science Graduate, SharePoint Consultant, BI Reporting Software Support, Business information Graduate etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.