Title: IT Support Manager (Software Support team)  Hertfordshire NEW
Webindex: 69208970
Company: FOCUS IT
Description: IT Support Manager (Software Support team)  Hertfordshire ? NEW The Company Focus IT has the pleasure with working alongside this very well established software consultancy. Our client is one of the leading suppliers of computer systems to distributors, wholesalers and merchants in the UK. The role Due to continued planned expansion my client is now looking for a Support Manager. This a diverse role which includes Man Management, Telephone support, Administration of the internal support system, New customer integration, Upgrades and Client meetings. This role ideally suits candidates with the following attributes ? Personnel Management, Analytical problem solving, Data Analysis, Understanding of accounts or stock management and report writing. The Key responsibilities: ? Management, Development & Discipline of the support team ? Developing procedures to cater for a diverse customer base using multiple software ? Ongoing training for team members ? Open regular communication for the team both individually & as a group ? Management of support priorities ? Exposure to software support or application support ? Weekly report on support and Ongoing issues The Candidate The ideal candidate must have proven two to three years as a Support Manager. You will be someone who has previous exposure to leading an IT Support Team and capable of multi tasking. Ideally you will come from a background in IT Support with good problem solving skills Experience of Accounting software, stock management software, financial software and distribution packages would be highly beneficial towards your application This is an excellent opportunity for a IT Support Manager with good exposure with support systems, seeking a new challenge to utilise and build upon your skill sets within this rewarding and dynamic organisation. Key Words The role is also known as a Technical Support Manager, IT Manager, Technical Manager, IT Team Leader, Systems support Manager. The Location The role is based in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire and is commutable from Watford, Aylesbury, Milton Keynes, Hemel Hempstead and North London.