Title: ERP Manufacturing Consultant
Webindex: 68839356
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen for ****x ERP Manufacturing Consultant’s to join the team of a global leader in the delivery of business software solutions. The ability to travel to customer sites with overnight stays is required. Overseas travel is also sometimes required however it is expected that Home working is also available when the tasks permit. With nearly 40 years of combined experience serving midmarket organizations and divisions of Global **** companies, the company has more than **** customers in over 150 countries. With a history of innovation, industry expertise and passion for excellence, they inspire customers to build lasting competitive advantage providing the single point of accountability that local, regional and global businesses demand. As an ERP Manufacturing Consultant you will provide a high level of consulting and implementation services at client sites. Your duties will include: • To be responsible for the optimal set up and training in the products for each client and maximize consulting revenue whilst maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction • To deliver project based consulting activities, through the entire project lifecycle, on adhoc and medium to longterm engagements • To be responsible for problem identification, software specification and / or design, implementation, documentation, testing, client training and solution deployment • To interact with company and client managers on cost / schedule monitoring • To comply with financial responsibilities which include project cost estimating, proposal generation and invoicing • To participate in sales and proposal presentations if required After the initial ‘introduction period’ the position provides the individual with the opportunity to work actively in implementation projects from start to finish. You will be expected to work independently at clients, but sometimes within a team environment. The ideal ERP Manufacturing Consultant will have the following skills and experiences: • Must have demonstrable ERP Implementation experience or experience of ERP from a client perspective (IT Manager, Analyst, SuperUser etc) • Strong knowledge in manufacturing is essential, and experience of MES and PLM is highly desirable • Must have demonstrable professional work experience • Have a degree level education In return you will receive a package up to **** including car allowance, fuel card, bonus, healthcare, pension and life assurance etc. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.