Title: IT Product Business Development Manager
Webindex: 69040347
Company: Renovo
Description: Our Business Development Manager role is a unique and exciting one for our York based client. It presents the opportunity to work with both the reseller and the vendor at the same time. In addition, with 79% of organisations looking at implementing open source in the next 12 months, the right person in this role has the potential to develop into running an open source sales division for our client The right personality and approach, rather than previous product knowledge is key for this role and the mindset sought is very much that of a Business Manager – an individual who will take responsibility for their part of the business and strive to grow it to its full potential. The metric for success is not just revenue or margin, but also penetration of the product/service set into sales floor knowledge. With responsibility for the area of the business, the successful candidate for this role will need to drive growth through others – i.e. by selling to internal salespeople, rather than directly to customers. This means they need to be personable, confident and persuasive and quickly able to build credibility internally, as well as being able to articulate the sales message to account managers in order to get buy in from them to selling the product. The ideal candidate will have some proven success, possibly in an internallyfocused sales role and be driven and ambitious. For example, they may have previously had a Product Champion type role where they were responsible for growing the business (not just acting as a product expert), or perhaps an IT distribution background where they have worked onsite with resellers. The salary for this role is ****k plus an OTC of ****k. In addition, we offer 25 days annual leave (rising to 28 days with length of service), a contributory pension scheme, life assurance, private medical cash plan and car parking. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITProductBusinessDevelopmentManager_job****