Title: Support Analyst  Prime Brokerage  GLOSS  Banking  London
Webindex: 68359994
Company: Hatstand Limited
Description: Support Analyst  Prime Brokerage  GLOSS  Banking  London The equity finance trading technology group at a major investment bank has a great opportunity for a technically astute support analyst to assume a position within their prime brokerage technology group. Your primary responsibility will be to support an inhouse risk management platform which was initially built four years ago and has seen a number of enhancements since. You will also be responsible for inhouse and 3rd party systems support which covers accounting, subledger and settlement systems (including GLOSS). The prime services application support team sit closely with other support groups within the banks' wider equity business, and as such enjoy good visibility and involvement with a number of ongoing and new projects across the global equity business. You will come from a technical application support background within a business that utilises a myriad of different applications on top of a complex infrastructure. Your technical background will be biased toward Unix/Linux and you will possess strong shell scripting skills and a good understanding of supporting environments running multiple applications written in different languages (e.g. Java, C, C++). Experience of supporting GLOSS settlements system will be very useful. Some practical programming experience (particularly in C) will also be helpful as is an appreciation of highly distributed technology environments. You will be a keen team player and will enjoy digging down into complex trading systems problems and learning new technology stacks. You will have a good understanding of the full trade lifecycle and excellent prioritisation skills. Specific knowledge of the Prime Brokerage business and products will be a real advantage. This is a key role within a wellestablished application support team and will offer excellent product exposure across the Prime Services business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SupportAnalystPrimeBrokerageGLOSSBankingLondon_job****