Title: IT Resourcer
Webindex: 66606124
Description: Hays IT, market leader in UK IT recruitment are now recruiting in the Leeds office. As part of our expansion into 2013 we are looking for an IT Resourcer to complement our sales team in providing a high quality customer experience to both clients and candidates alike. This role is to support our experienced consultants by identifying candidates for both contract permanent roles via the database, advertising and external job boards. This is not a sales role so no business development is required. This is a fast paced, busy environment with some highly experienced and successful consultants  you will be joining an award winning and highly passionate team of people. This role would ideally suit an IT graduate looking to utilise the knowledge gathered throughout university to help us source specialist candidates in IT niches. The ideal candidate would be someone who can work under pressure and deliver to targets. The successful candidate will receive industry training, realistic career growth and a performance led bonus scheme. At Hays our greatest asset is our people. We will invest in developing your recruiting expertise at all stages of your career through a first class learning and development programme designed to develop your skills and knowledge. We'll give you every opportunity to reach your potential. With an office network throughout the UK and 33 countries overseas, we'll give you every opportunity to further your career and fulfil your potential to transform lives and businesses. Hays is the market leader in specialist recruitment. With offices throughout the UK, we are expertly placed to offer recruitment solutions to our public and private sector clients. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk