Title: Cloud Software Engineer (Amazon, AWS, Azure, C, Java, Net)
Webindex: 71774665
Company: People Source Consulting Ltd
Description: Cloud Software Engineer (Amazon, AWS, Azure, C, Java) A cloud software engineer with in depth knowledge of either C or Java, with experience of developing for the Amazon stack is required to join one of the most successful digital agencies in the South West. This role offers and attractive salary of **** with additional benefits. Key Technical Skills: The likely Cloud Software Engineer will have the following background: Experience of working with and developing for Amazon stack (Elastic bean stalk, Elastic block storage, S**** EC**** CloudFront etc) Experience with one or more Distributed Caching technologies (AppFabric, CouchBase, Memcached, Cassandra) spanning across multiple nodes. Experience with one or more NoSql distributed datastores (MongoDb, Cassandra, CouchDB, HBase, Riak, Redis) Experience of investigating performance issues and optimising code Experience of running performance and load tests Experience of working with systems supporting multiple languages in multiple countries Understanding of Internet routing protocols (specifically at the application layer HTTP, DNS, TCP etc) About the role: The successful Cloud Software Engineer will have a range of challenging and complex projects to work on, in an Agile environment. You will focus on performance, caching and scalability. Therefore the likely Cloud software engineer will have proven experience of developing highly scalable systems that are distributed across multiple regions on cloud stack such as AWS and Azure. This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing business at a time of significant investment. The role will offer the right candidate an unrivalled opportunity to develop and progress within the business and their career, and you will be working alongside some of the best talent in the market. For further information or to apply, please submit your CV online or contact Danny Woodhall at People Source Consulting. People Source consulting is acting as an employment agency in relation to this Cloud Software Engineer vacancy. Location:South West, commutable from Bath, Bristol, Somerset, Swindon, Wiltshire, South Wales, Weston Super Mare etc. Salary: Up to ****k per annum plus benefits