Title: Service Delivery Specialist / Post Sales Specialist
Webindex: 65171244
Description: Our client is an information technology distributor specialising in providing enterprise class solutions in hardware and software. They are currently looking to recruit Service Delivery Specialists / Post Sales Specialists to support their IBM System x, Storage and System p products and are looking for people with a combination of server and storage skills. Their role will be to support the sales team, with a focus on working with the downstream resellers. The server and storage Presales Specialist works with the channel sales people to engage customers with the technical aspects of the servers and storage being sold by the channel and vendor sales teams. They will be expected to understand the technology which is being sold and to be an advocate for it through their presales activities. They will also be build technical configurations for the combinations of server and storage products being bought by the customers and will ensure that the orders are placed. Eventually, they will act as a presales technical consultant to channel customers and remove technical inhibitors to the sale of IBM products, solutions and services. The server and storage presales specialist assures a solution's technical feasibility, helps to qualify opportunities, understands the customer business and technical environments, ensures successful installation and drives implementation planning. When engaged for a specific opportunity, they are responsible for the technical accuracy of the proposed solution, service, project, or enhancement. They should be able to articulate the technical benefits of the products being proposed and will continue to develop their product expertise to be able to technically differentiate the IBM product from that of the competition. In this role they will be responsible for designing solutions, tailoring and presenting demos, comparing and contrasting product models, features, and functions and manageing and coordinating pilots and trials. The server and storage presales specialist will also ensure that their customers are ready to take the products and solutions which are being offered and will assist with capacity planning and performance analysis studies if required. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Support IBM Server and Storage channel and sales teams Advise Customers on best use of server and storage hardware in line with their business requirements Document customer's configuration requirements and prepare configurations for the sales team Be able to work with customers on the telephone and face to face Be technically conversant with IBM server and storage products and those of the competition Be capable of technical implementation work where required Coordinate order activities liaising with customers, providing quotations to customers Attend and deliver presentations/demonstration to customers Assist with training across the IBM brand and associated products Ensure that where possible, cross brand solutions are proposed Strive for customer satisfaction in all interactions with partners and customers Knowledge of IBM storage products would be beneficial Travel to customers may be required Skills Requirements Commercial customer facing presales experience in server and/or storage products in the IBM product portfolio Highly computer literate with experience of using all MS Office products on a regular basis for an office or technical environment Experience of working with customers on the telephone and face to face Experienced presenter, good communicator etc. Some experience of technical implementation work for hardware or software products Willing to travel to customers where necessary Expertise with System X or System P and IBM Storage products Ability to work effectively in a team If you meet the above criteria please respond to this with an up to date copy of your CV to recruitmenttectre.com. You may not hear from us straight away. Due to the level of applications we receive every day, we can only respond to applicants whose skills and qualifications are suitable for this position. Tectre is a specialist IT consultancy providing staffing solutions to the IT Vendors and their Business Partners. To find out more about us please see our website at www.tectre.com