Title: Technology Lead / Tridion Developer
Webindex: 72127427
Company: eCom Recruitment
Description: My client is a leading digital agency with a variety of household names on their client portfolio. They are currently looking for an experienced Technology Lead with experience in developing with Tridion to join their successful team. In this position, the Technology Lead will collaborate with the Technology Director to design, develop, and deliver applications implemented against defined technology platform and system architecture. Your role as the Technology Lead is to guide the technical aspects of projects and client work, from concept to leading the team through the implementation. As a leader, you will be the face and voice of their technology department in client engagements. You will have a keen eye for interactivity and it’s capabilities on projects. This is a 'handson' position that requires collaboration in design, code leadership in development, as well as the ability to lead and mentor the team, support in tool use, and development process improvement. Responsibilities: • Collaborate with the Technology Director and Senior Developers to design, develop and deliver applications implemented against defined technology platform and system architecture • Leadership and coordination of Applications developers, Web developers and Database developers • Ensure successful involvement of Project Management, Quality Assurance and Release Engineering team members • Develop code in keeping with established processes and standards • Assist with development of project code • Collaboration in code design and provide leadership in the development of the code Required Skills: •System Analysis, design, methodology and consulting. •Team Leading •SDL Tridion CMS ****0****1 SP1 (Install/Upgrade/WorkFlow/BluePrint/Deployment) •IBM Websphere •JAVA, J2EE, EJB, SOAP •Servlets, JSP, JavaBeans, Sockets •SDL WorldServer Candidates must have previous experience of developing with Java and Tridion. Candidates who put TRIDION TECH in the subject of the email will be reviewed and called first (we prefer you to read the job specification). CV’s to hirenecomrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnologyLeadTridionDeveloper_job****