Title: Senior Project Manager  Infrastructure
Webindex: 68346447
Company: Acando Ltd
Description: Senior Infrastructure Project Manager  Basingstoke Acando is a rapidly expanding consultancy company that specialises in Project Management. We are the only project management consultancy in the world accredited by our industry body. An international company with a turnover of Eur 175 million we operate in 7 countries including the UK. Our exceptional growth is being fuelled by ensuring the projects we deliver for our customers actually achieve their objectives. Job Role We have an immediate requirement for a Senior Infrastructure Project Manager based on our client site in Basingstoke, to work with their client technology teams business partners to ensure the timely costeffective delivery of new IT infrastructure. Main Responsibilities  Responsible for the delivery of IT Infrastructure required for mobile payment, digital wallet loyalty solutions subsequent integration with existing client services those of business partners.  Own daytoday project management tasks working with IT, Operations 3rd party resources, manage IT Infrastructure delivery risk, issue problem resolutions on owned tasks.  To work at all levels within Technology Operations must be capable of clearly articulating his / her specialist technical knowledge to audiences of differing technical backgrounds.  Assist in budget control scope of IT Infrastructure projects manage resources across Technology Operations to ensure delivery is met.  Use technical knowledge to assist in management of risks Issues following the client project method, based on PRINCE**** or, in certain cases, Agile methodologies such as Scrum, XP, DSDM Additional Skills and Experience  Must have strong planning skills MS project planning systems such as CA Clarity able to work with client, partner 3rd party suppliers to secure necessary resources to deliver.  Experience within an IT Infrastructure delivery environment within mobile communications / payments sectors with experience integrating solutions into existing internal 3rd party infrastructure.  Experience in delivery of projects ranging from simple single site systems to complex, high availability multi dimensional systems.  Expert stakeholder management skills to executive level and across a range of business hierarchies or cultures.  Track record of excellent supplier management (Internal / External / OffShore).  Outstanding work ethic, commitment to delivery, track record of going the extra mile.  A well organised problem solver with a structured approach.  A keen focus on business value  how to articulate it, measure it, track it and deliver it. Day to day, you will be working at the client site in Basingstoke with occasional travel into London and Reading so a degree of flexibility around working location is essential. When not on assignment, you will be based out of our office in West London.