Title: SQL Server Database Administrator ****K
Webindex: 70782486
Company: Progression Recruitment
Description: We are really excited to be hiring for a London based marketleading Facebook API vendor who are highly profitable (with revenue rising exponentially every quarter) They are a real success story and people who join now are going to benefit from their phenomenal growth. They are a dynamic and successful (already profitable) post startup with a strong revenue stream, working in a new and exciting market. We're looking for smart, motivated people who love to find creative solutions to difficult problems. As a team you will work with a bunch of intelligent, focused and fun people who take great pride in what they do. You will have an opportunity to grow with a startup in a very exciting space, where there is still loads of room for innovation. Along the way you'll be able to hack around with some fun tech, like MongoDB and the Facebook API. Playing around on Facebook all day is part of the job. People who join now are very well placed for future growth; you will be working very closely with the business and will be a key member of the team. Great basic plus bonus plus benefits. The Database Administrator will be a member of the Platform Engineering team responsible for supporting all operations facets of the company's service on ****x****x**** basis. We're looking for a SQL Server 2008 database expert, passionate about building database technology that supports staggering growth and innovation. Looking after all the company's data stores, will be the cornerstone of our continued efforts in the direction of high availability and performance as we expand our team. Responsibilities : Report to the Senior Manager Platform Engineering Design and implement the company's core database infrastructure such as replication, migration, data export, physical delete, data high availability, disaster recovery, and data caching. Formulate, implement, and evaluate algorithms and database techniques to support service scalability and stability. Work closely with Quality Engineering and Technical Operations to test and deploy infrastructural enhancements. Resolve complex technical issues and drive innovation that improves system availability, resiliency, and performance. Required skills and experience : 5 years experience supporting MS SQL Server install /upgrade / patches. 5 years experience serving in a production support role. 5 years experience with Replication, Log Shipping. Strong understanding of schema design and SQL Performance Tuning. Experience building a highperformance largescale database platform Ability to work quickly in fastpaced environment and under pressure. Capable of working independently and can self assign work to be productive. Desired skills and experience : designing and implementing disaster recovery strategies (Clustering, Mirroring). using windows batch files to support / manage MS SQL Server multiple instances. 2 years experience with MS SQL server 2008 The following skills and experience would be considered a plus : Experience in supporting SQL Server in a cloud environment (Amazon Web Service) Exposure to other major DBMS's (Oracle, MySQL etc) Exposure to NoSQL databases (MongoDB, Had This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SQLServerDatabaseAdministrator****K_job****