Title: 3rd Line Network Design and Support Engineer  CCNP  Gloucs
Webindex: 69164192
Description: 3rd Line Network Design and Support Engineer  Cisco CCNP  neg  Gloucestershire3rd Line Network Design and Support Engineer required by a leading global provider of infrastructure solutions.This fantastic company are continuing to expand and they now require a number of talented CCNP level 3rd Line Network Design and Support Engineers.In this challenging and varied design and support role you will join an expanding team focussed on providing realtime complex network design and support. You will help design complex network solutions, resolve faults and issues, ensure that services are restored in line with SLAs and will undertake root cause analysis for major incidents and escalated faults. You will also help to improve processes, provide customers and management with fault reports and will contribute to improving fault management, service reliability and service performance. Where required you will provide adhoc oncall support and you will also lend your skills to support the implementation of new technology and projects within the environment. To be considered for this exciting 3rd Line Network Design and Support Engineer role you must be a CCNP certified 3rd line level engineer with experience of designing and supporting large, complex environments. You will have experience of troubleshooting LAN and will have skills in patching and configuring switches as well as knowledge of load balancers. You will bring an indepth knowledge of IT based services and TCP/IP, EIGRP and OSPF. Other industry certifications such as a CCIE, JNCIE, NRS or SRA would also give you an edge but are not essential. As well as strong technical skills you will be a selfmotivated team player with excellent problem solving and prioritisation skills. You will operate well under pressure and must possess excellent communication skills necessary to deliver excellent customer service and interact well with suppliers. Based in Gloucestershire and easily commutable from Cheltenham, Bristol, Cirencester and Worcester, an excellent salary of ****k****k plus bonus and benefits including pension, private health and life insurance is on offer to the successful candidate. This company provide excellent training as well as fantastic career development and growth opportunities. Please note, this role requires you to undergo security clearance checks to SC level. If you have the necessary CCNP level 3rd line network support and design experience then apply for this fantastic role NOWThe People Network is working as an employment agency on this vacancy.