Title: Technical Consultant  Big Data
Webindex: 70519829
Company: Understanding Recruitment Ltd
Description: Technical Consultant Big Data An exceptional opportunity for an outstanding Technical Consultant to secure a position within a ground breaking international technology company that has grown over 400% since late 2010. Based in Central London, the successful Technical Consultant will be working closely with our impressive clientele, delivering world class solutions. Backed by industry leading VCs we are looking for a Technical Consultant whom is passionate and keen to work at the absolute forefront of technology. We are looking for a highly motivated Technical Consultant with the below capabilities:  First rate technical skills database / infrastructure software / big data of huge interest  Experience of development, consulting and supporting clients  Thrives working in a close knit, committed and successful start up culture  Happy to travel up to 50% of the time to visit clients (Europe)  Excellent communication skills and degree educated Your position as a Technical Consultant is highly varied. Working closely with a prestigious and exciting client base, you will consult, train and support on solutions around our technology in and around Europe. At the same time you will lead comprehensive training sessions and work closely with leading Software Engineers to provide topnotch support for our users in addition to evangelisng our world class product. Our holiday is unlimited here, our hours unmonitored. We treat all employees with an unrivalled level of respect and trust and from that have created a unique team culture and atmosphere. Team nights/events are frequent, fun and diverse and you also receive an exceptional benefits package and bonus Our product and company are growing at a phenomenal rate (we are doubling in 2013 and again in 2014) and you as the Technical Consultant will play an instrumental part in the growth and will own part of the company too Wonderful opportunities to progress once established here. Key skills: Technical Consultant, Support, Consuting, Infrastructure Software, Database, Python, Java, PHP, Ruby, C, C++, Big Data, Middleware, Solutions Architect, Pre Sales. Apply now for immediate consideration on this excellent opportunity Understanding Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this vacancy