Title: Infrastructure Engineer – MS HyperV, MS Server, Exchange Server
Webindex: 69592860
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Infrastructure Engineer  MS HyperV, MS Server, Exchange Server, Active Directory Sittingbourne, Kent (office/field based, covering predominantly Kent London) **** DOE Plus Overtime, Benefits Our client is a marketleading IT solutions company specialising in network infrastructure, data centre, and business continuity services for small, medium and large enterprises, public sector organisations, and other service providers. Established for over 20 years, the company has a record of sustained growth and is currently experiencing further rapid expansion. The Infrastructure Engineer is a midlevel technical role within the organisation reporting directly to the Technical Director. You will work closely with other Engineers in the Infrastructure and Service Delivery Teams. You will be given varying levels of responsibility for the deployment of IT projects and managed services to our client's growing customer base primarily across Kent and London. The ideal candidate will possess excellent technical and interpersonal skills with some project management capabilities, preferably with extensive previous experience in a service provider or corporate environment. You must be able to demonstrate proven abilities in the design, implementation and support of a variety of IT solutions. The Infrastructure Engineer role is based primarily at the Head Office in Sittingbourne, but also onsite at customer premises as required; a full driving license, your own transportation, and a willingness to travel are therefore prerequisites. Extensive theoretical knowledge and practical experience of the following is also essential:  Microsoft Desktop and Server operating systems  Virtualisation platforms including Microsoft HyperV  Exchange Server and associated email protocols  Active Directory, DFS, Security, GPO, Scripting  TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VPN  Storage including SAN, NAS, SCSI, iSCSI and Fibre Channel Although not essential, the ideal candidate will have industry recognised qualifications such as a CCIE or MCITP. Essential requirements:  A smart, professional appearance  Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written  A strong desire to overachieve and excel within the company  The ability to work within a team as well as on own initiative  Eligibility for security clearance The Infrastructure Engineer role may occasionally require extended or unsocial hours, sometimes at short notice. There is the potential to augment the basic salary with overtime payments. The role involves some manual handling from time to time, this will include the movement of PC's, monitors, hardware, racking of equipment and other IT equipment. To apply for the role of Infrastructure Engineer (MS HyperV, MS Server, Exchange Server, Active Directory), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Infrastructure Engineer, MS HyperV, MS Server, Exchange Server, Active Directory, DFS, TCP/IP, DNS, VPN, SAN, NAS, SCSI, iSCSI, Network Infrastructure Engineer, Network Support Engineer, IT Engineer, Field Infrastructure Engineer, Field IT Engineer, Infrastructure Analyst, Infrastructure Architect. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InfrastructureEngineerMSHyperVMSServerExchangeServer_job****