Title: Business Analyst  London
Webindex: 71552558
Company: Additional Resources Limited
Description: Business Analyst (FX / Money Markets / Fixed Income or Derivatives from a front / middle or back office)  London  ****k  ****k (depending on experience) Key Skills: Business Analyst (FX / Money Markets / Fixed Income or Derivatives from a front/middle or back office) Our client is an expanding financial market consultancy specialising in the delivery and implementation of package software for Front / Middle and Back Operations have an urgent requirement for an exceptional Business Analyst (FX / Money Markets / Fixed Income or Derivatives from a front/middle or back office) to join their growing consultancy team, based in their London office. The successful candidates will have strong functional knowledge one or more asset classes from a pricing, risk or settlements perspective. This is an exceptional opportunity for candidates who wish to work in the financial sector for the leading banks. Main Responsibilities: Core business knowledge of one or more of the asset classes FX / Money Markets / Fixed Income or Derivatives from a front / middle or back office perspective. Responsible for gathering and documenting detailed functional and technical specifications for the mapping of trade / product / static and market data between Calypso and internal source systems. Gap analysis of core Calypso Functionality against requirements for implementation and definition of detailed specifications for Calypso extension work. Similar experience with another package is also of interest. Mapping of accounting general ledger (GL) entries for all asset classes. Standard Settlement instructions (SSI) Set up of (direct, agent, third party, CLS and GSTPA) SWIFT messages specification and configuration for each asset class Modelling of business workflows to determine schedule of payments per asset class and trade lifecycle processing for STP Corporate Actions definition and set up Pricing and risk management of different asset classes Good hands on attitude towards testing, configuring and deploying customisations according to Client requirements. Experience of creating test plans, test cases and running UAT / parallel runs Knowledge of any structured methodologies for defining and capturing requirements, creating test plans / UAT test cases and supervising others would be advantageous Knowledge of other packages such as Wall Street, Infinity, Summit, Front Arena, Algo Riskwatch, are highly desirable. Desirable skills for Business Analyst (FX / Money Markets / Fixed Income or Derivatives from a front/middle or back office) role: Track record of delivering third party Financial Software packages Knowledge of distributed computing models, application architectures and Web based services. Excellent business analysis and problem solving skills within Financial Markets Selfstarter, resourceful with strong energy and drive to diagnose problems independently Ability to work as part of a small team with the flexibility to take leadership for areas beyond their immediate capabilities Good interpersonal and presentation skills, which will facilitate communication at all levels within client organisations. Additional Resources are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****