Title: Technical SpecialistMancBirmBasingstoke
Webindex: 71676328
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: My Client are looking for a technical specialist to deliver a broad range of Technical initiatives, practices, and procedures with significant autonomy to make decisions, which have positive impact on projects and/or services, whilst understanding the commercial short and long term impacts of these decisions on the business. They have 3 sites which the ideal candidate can work at based in Birmingham, Manchester and Basingstoke. They are paying up to ****  Car and benefits. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:  Assist the Technical and Engineering Manager to provide design solutions which enable growth within Infra Comms for new and existing customers.  To advise, and direct the Operations Team to carry out, through activities, which have defined processes and procedures, those initiatives which will enable the Operations team to deliver efficiencies within the business.  To provide refinements to any existing technical processes to maintain continuous improvement to Operational regimes.  Provide assistance in gaining ISO27001 within Infra Comms, and then managing the ISMS to ensure compliance with this standard.  To manage, develop, and then disseminate the companies Network Maps which are specific where required to existing, and new customer's (internal and external) needs.  Deliver improvements to existing practises and procedures by leading group meetings across business units.  To expand on already established external customer and client relationships, for the benefit of the business.  Working with new customer technologies, representing Infra Comms with the client to deliver cost effective operational solutions.  Translate complex services and technologies into easy to understand operational deliverables for the Infra Comms clients. Essential Skills:  Degree level education. Alternative evidence to demonstrate an equivalent level of capability.  Proven record demonstrating proactive approaches to setting and running technical initiatives.  Proven record of understanding various software programming and coding techniques.  Proven track record of understanding core Telecommunications technologies at a Systems Engineering level.  Ability to adapt to any existing or future technological / technical initiative, then implement what is required to truly add value to the project. Desirable Skills  Degree in software engineering (1st / Upper 2nd).  Proven record of design, and implementation of complex software coding and programming techniques.  Proven record of software coding and programming techniques with various software base codes, e.g., Visual Basic, Visual C / C++, Java, Object Oriented Programming, UNIX, SQL, HTML, Web Hosting, etc… This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalSpecialistMancBirmBasingstoke_job****