Title: Bid Planner / Scheduler
Webindex: 68832592
Description: Bid Planner/Scheduler Bristol ****  ****  Pension  Bonus  33 Days Holiday Excellent opportunity for a Bid Planner looking to join an industry leading, blue chip organisation in a position offering ongoing career development and progression. On offer is a technically challenging role which offers further opportunities to progress your career. This company work across many and varied industries and play an integral part in much of the infrastructure we see around us. They are well known and continue to grow year on year offering a secure working environment. They are involved in, amongst other areas, military, defence, aerospace, nuclear and communications. In this role the successful Bid Planner will work as part of the Major Bids team and work on several bids and tenders at anyone time. You will be responsible for developing and maintaining all plans and schedules and supporting the Bid Managers at every turn and producing progress reports. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a multinational organisation in a challenging and interesting role. The Role: Working as part of the Major Bids team Developing and maintaining all bid plans and schedules Working on several projects and bids at anyone time Supporting the Bid Manager at every turn in the process The Person: Experience in a similar bid/proposals/tendering position Knowledge of Microsoft Projects, Primavera or similar tools Experience in a heavy/medium industry such as defence, aerospace, marine, mechanical handling, oil and gas, energy, utilities, petrochemical etc Bid Planner, Scheduler, Tendering Engineer, Contracts Manager, Applications Engineer, Aerospace, Defence, Marine, Bid Manager, Costing, Estimator, Projects, Proposals, Project Management, Primavera To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please email your CV to Click here to contact this recruiter or visit our website at www.risetechnical.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. 