Title: Orbit Developer (Oracle PL / SQL)
Webindex: 70676687
Company: aap3 Ltd
Description: Our FTSE 100 clients CAPITA are looking for an experienced Developer in Oracle PL/SQL to join their large team who are working on the maintenance and development of Orbit Technology. The successful candidate will be used to working in a varied role this particular role involves 60% client support and 40% development. You will have a minimum of 2 years experience of Oracle PL/SQL, have a background in processing, Data Transfer and Data Feed as well as being highly driven and have a passion for improving systems. Behaviours, Actions and Responsibilities:  Develop and maintain large data systems primarily at the RDBMS level  Develop and maintain underlying PL/SQL code for Orbit technology  Develop and maintain data feeds using a mixture of operating system, scripting and Oracle technology.  Provide Oracle expertise and support  Able to develop and extend database functionality to support current and future business needs  Good experience in the entire development lifecycle  Maintain and fix data issues  Develop and maintain existing PL/SQL code base  Create improvements in existing code and systems to improve efficiencies  Integrate and work alongside the Java development team  Maintain and manage data feeds  Work with business users to improve data flow into and out of Orbit  Perform relevant testing  Actively participates in the companys performance management process. Agrees personal objectives and goals with Line Manager / Appraiser and makes every effort to satisfy these objectives within the specified time frames.  Develops an understanding of the client needs, treating them fairly at all times.  Commits to equal treatment of all staff / colleagues and treat everyone fairly Essential Experience/Skills  Experience within a similar database environment.  Experience within Oracle PL/SQL development.  Excellent SQL skills. Desired Experience/Skills  Experience within the pensions/financial services industry  Java experience  Experience working in a UNIX/Solaris environment  Experience in other database technologies such as Mysql and MS SQL server  Database design