Title: IT Agile Software Project Manager
Webindex: 71081419
Company: William Jackson Food Group
Description: IT Agile Software Project Manager, South West London; in this newly created role we are looking to expand our team with an experienced Project Manager with considerable experience managing web or software projects in a Scrum/Agile environment, to coordinate the development team and deliver userfacing and crossfunctional projects. The Company Abel Cole is an awardwinning online food retailer based in south London. Famous for our seasonal organic fruit veg boxes, we deliver a wide range of excellent organic food to around **** people’s homes across London and the South, the Midlands and the Northwest. No air freight, no silly packaging, no nasty chemicals – just great food produced by people who really love what they do. We are proud of our company culture, which combines friendliness, supportiveness and humour with outstanding levels of achievement at work. Our achievements would not have been possible without a fantastic website, supported by comprehensive bespoke inhouse systems. Based on modern Microsoft technologies, our software systems are used to manage all aspects of our business from customers to products, warehousing to delivery. The Role In this highprofile and varied role, as Agile Software Project Manager, you will be actively involved in helping to grow the development team’s capability and effectiveness in order to meet new challenging requirements. You will need to be an expert in managing and delivering software development projects using Agile methodologies, coupled with a strong understanding of modern software system architectures and technologies. You will be able to demonstrate superb presentation and mentoring skills, and have an ability to build strong relationships with both technical and nontechnical colleagues. Your Skills Ideally you will have a ScrumMaster, DSDM or other Agile method qualification, or training, along with experience with issue management tools such as Gemini, Jira or Team Foundation Server. Exposure to Microsoft Visual Studio and the .NET Framework, preferably C, or SQL Management Studio and TSQL, or Subversion, Git, TFS or other source control systems would be an advantage, as would a Prince**** or similar project management certification. This Software Agile Project Manager Role is ideal for any ambitious individual looking for an opportunity to use their valuable skills and experience and take a leading role in a unique business. You may currently be a software manager, IT manager, web project manager, IT project manager, software development project manager, project manager software, agile project manager, project manager, project manager, iteration manager. You can commute for this IT project Manager job, London based role to Wimbledon, Earlsfield, Haydon’s Road, Tooting, or Colliers Wood stations and be on the Northern or District tube lines.