Title: BI / Data Warehouse Support Engineer  Blue Chip
Webindex: 72126990
Company: Opus Resourcing Ltd
Description: Business Intelligence / Data Warehouse Support Engineer required with strong SQL and RDBMS skills on Unix / Linux with some of Oracle, MySQL, DB**** or Netezza and ideally ETL skills such as Informatica or Ab Initio or datastage to work on complex BI / Business Intelligence systems are required by blue chip in Livingston, West Lothian, Scotland. This will be a technically hands on role supporting business applications / processes developed and supported within massive technical environment mainly covering Netezza and Informatica ETL although Ab Initio skills and Unix scripting skills would be an advantage. Its essential that you have strong RDBMS and SQL skills and experience support enterprise systems although training can be provided to pick up data warehouse technologies. Key aspects of the role will include Ensure delivery of high quality inhouse twentyfour/seven support for all Corporate BI applications across multiple business areas.  Ensure all Corporate Business Intelligence production systems achieve their agreed SLA for availability and recovery Define and deliver the roadmap for continuous improvement of support processes and reduction of support overhead.  Engage with 3rd party vendors to ensure speedy resolution of issues, and plan future release strategy in line with vendor roadmaps.  Ensuring the Support Manager receives regular updates and timely communications to enable him to engage with key business stakeholders during production incidents.  Ensure all Corporate Business Intelligence environments are tightly managed, and changes are properly assessed to minimise disruption to BAU activities especially during business critical periods.  Assure the timely transition of development work into production while ensuring that the appropriate level of test rigour and support handover are achieved including compliance with relevant security policies. This is an outstanding chance to develop your career within a large BI function for a world renowned company. Any experience of working in the telecoms, mobile telecoms, service provider / ISP, media, broadcast or finance or financial services domains would be ideal but not essential. Opus Resourcing acts as an employment Agency in respect of permanent recruitment. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BIDataWarehouseSupportEngineerBlueChip_job****