Title: Senior Solutions Developer – Fantastic opportunity – JavaScript, net
Webindex: 69596844
Company: DCV Technologies Limited
Description: Senior Solutions Developer – Fantastic opportunity – (JavaScript / Python / .NET) Are you serious about developing solutions, using the latest technologies and advancing your career and skills further in a prominent Cambridge based organisation?  Do you have a track record of successfully implementing B2B solutions?  Do you have Cloud, SaaS and Portal platform integration experience and knowledge of protocols such as HTTP/HTTPS, REST, WebDAV and XML?  Do you have solid development skills in scripting languages such as Python and JavaScript, and knowledge of e.g. Java and/or .Net?  A working knowledge of the Microsoft product stack (ideally including SharePoint)?  Do you have a startup mentality to get things up and running quickly and a love of rapid, iterative customercentric development?  Do you have experience developing rich applications and user interfaces with technologies such as JavaScript and HTML  UI design skills would be a plus? If you can answer yes to the above then we need to hear from you NOW Send your CV and covering letter detailing you relevant experience NOW Responsibilities  Taking a leading role in creating and deploying new customerfocussed applications on top of the core products.  Working cross platform and inter department to integrate client and partner technologies to deliver enhanced value.  Understanding and adapting business requirements from customers and business development teams, and turning them into solid product specifications.  Designing user interfaces, new services, and application prototypes in a rapid, iterative customercentric development environment. This is a new role with responsibility for design, build and deployment of integrated, marketdriven applications. As part of the Delivery team within Operations, you’ll be working closely with Development and Product teams to create new applications. This is a unique opportunity for an experienced, multitalented engineer to help build next generation search products. Salary and Benefits package  **** The role offers competitive pay, including performance related annual reviews, Continuing professional development, including onthe job training and a personal development plan, Product Training/Induction, Company share option scheme, Pension scheme, Childcare scheme, Flexible working hours, Socials and celebratory events, Pub outings hosted by our client, Free car parking and 25 days paid annual leave, in addition to public holidays. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSolutionsDeveloperFantasticopportunityJavaScriptnet_job****