Title: Software Development Project/Programme Manager
Webindex: 69766368
Company: E.on UK Plc
Description: Job Purpose “I want to make my mark.” When you join E.ON as a Software Development Project/Programme Manager, you’ll manage the endtoend delivery of complex IT change programmes. As a result, you can count on a variety of challenges to build your experience – in a role that’s enjoying increasing demand from across the business. You’ll work within a flexible architecture that’s the envy of the industry and in a thriving, collaborative environment where your knowledge is valued. It’s the perfect way to make your mark on the business while building a lasting career. As a Software Development Project/Programme Manager, I want to help us operate as efficiently as possible. You’ll do that by leading a wide range of change projects and programmes – the success of everything from estimating and project planning to issue and risk management will be down to you. In addition, you’ll make sure that the business is ready for effective change while working directly with stakeholders to understand their business requirements. You’ll also maintain project benefit forecasts as well as lead and develop a team of skilled colleagues. As a Software Development Project/Programme Manager, I want to make full use of my… Essential Track record of successfully delivering IT software projects. Solid team management and development experience. Firstclass stakeholder management skills at all levels. Applied knowledge of a variety of application development methodologies. Proven ability to choose effective project management approaches. Desirable Experience of project delivery in Retail, Financial Services or other consumerfocused sectors. A Strong academic record, most likely with graduate level education or equivalent. It sounds like E.ON is a company that’s pushing boundaries? As one of the UK’s leading power and gas companies with **** people in the UK and **** worldwide, we set ourselves big challenges. We’re one of the leading green generators in the UK with **** wind farms and the country’s largest biomass power station. We’re also investing 50m in new technologies and approaches over ten years. The science is impressive, but everything we do is driven by people. We want to deliver the best possible value to our customers, and the most rewarding experiences to our teams. Is it time you got on board? A bit about us Millions of people get their gas and electricity from us at home and at work. That makes E.ON one of the UK’s top energy companies. With our industry evolving faster than ever, we need to ensure we’re leading the change; and it’s our people who are making it happen. We’re a team that works together to come up with bright ideas. That means we’re always looking at new and better ways of generating energy, including renewables like wind farms, biomass and marine. Our customers are our focus, and, we’re always finding new ways to help them use less energy and keep their bills down. We know your time is valuable, so check you’ve got the skills, experience and qualifications we’ve specified above. You’ll need to tell us how you meet these requirements in your application. Any additional information E.ON UK is committed to equal opportunities. This role is based in our Nottingham Site at Sherwood Park, Annesley, NG**** 0DR The role is permanent.