Title: Teradata Consultant (Senior)
Webindex: 69043740
Company: Asset Resourcing Ltd
Description: My client is looking to recruit a high calibre (Senior) Teradata Consultant with the ability and confidence to thrive in a dynamic and innovative environment. A leader in the European consulting and IT services market with experience in delivering IT solutions to major public and private sector clients, they have a workforce of over **** across the UK and Ireland and, as a Group, a total workforce of over **** based throughout Europe. They provide a complete range of Consultancy, Delivery and Support Services, allowing them to offer clients specific areas of expertise, or full endtoend solutions. They have a strong partnership ethic: working closely with clients to align their IT and business strategy. They have been supporting organisations through efficiencyled change at a strategic, business and technical lever for over two decades. Essential Skills: Good knowledge of Teradata Architecture (Teradata **** or above) Physical database design, including primary indexes, join indexes, views, security, secondary indexes, PPI, Referential Integrity and data skew Understanding of normalization and denormalization concept, Inmon approach,****NF, LDM Teradata SQL Teradata utilities (BTEQ, Fast Load, MultiLoad, FastExport,Tpump, TPT) SQL Assistant Perform Unit Testing and performance testing for large volume of data Desirable Skills: Certification in Teradata and Teradata SQL Data warehousing experience  Cross Platform Data querying Client Liaison Stakeholder Management Project management Technical Leadership Financial Sector Experience  Team building Team Leading  Candidate Specification: A good team player and able to work independently. Excellent Client Facing skills. A selfstarter who is proactive in nature. Excellent verbal, written communication and presentational skills. Abilities to build cross functional and external relationships. Effective negotiating and influencing skills Strong Self Developer Other Essential Requirements: Willing to work on client sites, potentially for extended periods. Willing to travel for work purposes and be happy to stay away from home for extended periods. A graduate degree or equivalent project experience. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TeradataConsultantSenior_job****