Title: Senior Tender Planning Engineer  Herts
Webindex: 69217963
Company: Gold Group Limited
Description: Senior Tender Planning Engineer, Construction ? Hertfordshire Senior Tender Planning Engineer is current required by a leading Main Contractor based in Hertfordshire. The company is leading international main contractor that?s provides construction solutions to complex projects. Senior Tender Planner is required to join their Building Division?s tender team. The Senior Tender Planner will join a team of four other planning engineers and be responsible for working alongside the PreConstruction team and for the production of competitive tender programmes on a wide variety of construction projects that range between 1050m in value. Candidates must be able to demonstrate the following skills and experience to be considered for this opportunity. ? Minimum 8 years planning experience within the UK construction market. ? Degree educated or equivalent within an engineering discipline. ? Strong tender planning experience and previous experience of producing tenders for construction projects valued circa 20m on their own. ? Advanced Asta Powerproject skills. ? Experience within a UK Main Contractors environment is essential. ? Strong communications skills. On offer is a competitive basic salary of between **** plus a main contractors benefits to include car or car allowance, pension, healthcare etc. If you are currently seeking to secure a new career opportunity within planning for 2013 then please forward your CV. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business.