Title: Non Fucntional Test Analyst
Webindex: 55410037
Company: JOBG8
Description: Non Fucntional Test Analyst Location: Rickmansworth, England Sector(s): Information Security Salary: [contact details removed] per annum benefits package Description: Key Accountabilities and Duties: To verify that new or upgraded applications meet specified performance requirements To identify and eliminate performance bottlenecks during the Non Functional Testing To use technical knowledge of the platforms and applications to determine appropriate tests. To maintain customer satisfaction by exercising tests to prove the applications will perform correctly when deployed to live. To assist in the Bid and estimating process for Non Functional testing To create and gain sign off of Non Function test strategies and test plans To specify failover test conditions and ensure that the end to end system responds correctly from a failure under load. To plan load tests, create virtual users, create data, create scenarios, run scenarios, analyse system under load. To define the business load model and business processes to simulate during the load test. To raise defects associated with unacceptable system characteristics in fail over scenarios or load induced errors. To ensure all risks and issues are reported, escalated and managed through to resolution. **** To engage with the requirements team to resolve any points of clarification with respect to Non Functional test requirements to ensure sign off is agreed. To assure from within the test team that all tests produced are consistent with the scope of the delivery. To engage with Infrastructure & Network Services team plus Applications Support team to review and agree all Non Functional Test scripts. To liaise with Release Management on deploying the latest release of code for testing To improve the resource consumption of the applications in order to reduce the cost of hardware acquisition in the immediate future. To build relationships with the key teams in VocaLink. To develop and maintain testing artefacts, processes and procedures and ensure these apply across all VocaLink Non Functional Testing projects. To carry out any other task associated with the role as reasonably requested. Knowledge, Skills and Experience: Excellent attention to detail. Sound understanding of all technical aspects of testing. Ability to communicate with many different levels, from individual developers to upper management with an awareness of the different priorities of the different levels. Ability to communicate both internally and externally with an awareness of confidentiality and risk. Driven to get the job done, with a willingness to work out of hours at short notice. Excellent planning and organisational skills. Flexibility to take on new projects, ways of working. Excellent problem solving skills and the ability to find solutions to issues, work around conflicting priorities (different test phases/projects all with different priorities) with a view to the commercial reality. Knowledge of and experience in reliability and availability test planning and execution. Working knowledge of LoadRunner test planning and execution. Experience of Oracle ****G & **** Good working knowledge of SQL. Good working knowledge of WebLogic. Good working knowledge of networking. Good working knowledge of Veritas. Experience of sun enterprise systems. Experience of testing high volume transaction processing systems. Good knowledge of load generation test tools, particularly of HP LoadRunner. Good working knowledge of Enterprise Systems Management products. Desirable Skills Include: Knowledge of Shell scripting, Perl & Awk. Knowledge of Java/EJB. Good understanding of VocaLinks business. Experience of troubleshooting Unix / Oracle environments. Qualifications: A degree, BTEC or A Levels in a relevant subject would be preferential. ISEB Testing  Foundation. for the latest jobs in the card and payment industry