Title: Group Head of IT Security
Webindex: 69122229
Company: Oliver James Associates Limited
Description: Role: Group Head of IT Security Location: Dorking / Bristol / London Reporting to the Group Head of IT Profile To define, monitor and manage Risk and Governance across the IT, HR and Property functions to ensure a proactive and professional monitoring, testing and reporting capability. To ensure this service meet management aims in understanding and effectively managing governance risk responsibilities. Accountabilities  Provide senior leadership and subject matter expertise in IT Security IT Risk and Control governance on behalf of the business.  Develop and promote Risk and Governance discipline for HR and Business Services unit, including the development of a Groupwide IT Risks and Controls framework.  In conjunction with the IT Architecture team, business unit IT teams and technology partners, define and promote the use of standard technology solutions to mitigate information security risks.  Ensure that the HR and Business Services functions effectively manage all operational risks relevant to the business by working closely with department Managers to ensure conformance with Operational Risk guidelines and risk appetites.  Keep updated with, and assess relative to the business, Information Security threats, vulnerabilities, market practices and regulatory changes.  Management of the HR and Business Services functions Risk and Audit actions; support the functions by ensuring that resulting actions are completed on schedule and can be appropriately evidenced.  Ensure that the HR and Business Services functions is trained in the risk management system (ERA) and that it is kept up to date, reflecting the operational risk profile of the function and that all significant events are recorded accurately on ERA in sufficient detail to understand the root cause in terms of control failure. Experience and Skills  Must have financial services experience.  Has a sound, broad knowledge of IT an excellent understanding of how Information Security relates to other areas of IT how it benefits and impacts other business functions.  Practical knowledge and experience of control frameworks (such as COBIT), their relationship to other frameworks (ITIL, CMMI etc.) and their application within a Financial Services environment to assist in the management of IT risks and the establishment of a structured control environment.  Experience in an IT Risk or Governance role.  Knowledge of risk management principles and practices affecting the IT environment.  Knowledge of IT security policies, procedures and best practice (e.g. ISO27000).  Experience in managing internal and external Audit activity.  Process analysis and control design. If you would like to discuss the role in more detail please contact Joe Laramee on **** **** **** / joe.larameeojassociates.com