Title: QA Delivery Lead / Manager
Webindex: 71307168
Company: Conex Europe Ltd
Description: My leading ecommerce client is looking for a solid QA Delivery Team Lead / Test Manager to join their leading testing division and help oversee, drive and lead the quality of our clients testing strategy/frameworks. Including overseeing the teams project deliverables and strategies working for a market leading, tech focused forward thinking company. As the QA Delivery Team Lead / Manager, you will be responsible for taking lead driving the delivered quality of new and improved testing strategy/frameworks, across our clients web applications. Reporting to the Head of Delivery, you will be responsible for helping interpret the business requirements, delivering high quality, customer focused testing solutions within an AGILE/Scrum development environment. You will have at least 5 years testing team lead experience and ideally come from a Development background. You will have solid experience managing and leading internal testing teams, managing the performance delivery of the teams, assigning testing resources and setting clear goals and objectives, whilst maintaining quality delivery. You will have solid experience working and delivering solid testing solutions within an AGILE/Scrum Development environment, working closely with Product Owners, Scrum Masters with a proven manual testing background. Any experience with Automated testing is ideal, but solid Manual Testing experience within a Development environment ( PHP, C, Java is ideal). This role suits someone that is looking for their next exciting challenge in their career, someone who is keen join a rapidly evolving company, take ownership, leadership of managing highly skilled testing teams, within a technologically innovative Development environment/company. You will be someone that is able to drive dedication success throughout the current Testing environment, be a solid, highly skilled Delivery Lead and be able to mentor the Juniors and encourage each member of the team to achieve their maximum potential This is a fantastic opportunity for someone to join a relaxed, down to earth, hardworking company. Offering a fantastic working environment, long term success and stability whilst the company continues to grow APPLY NOW Conex Europe Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/QADeliveryLeadManager_job****