Title: Information Technology Security Officer  Finance Resources
Webindex: 68609700
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Information Technology Security Officer  Finance Resources Reference no: Redbridge **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: IG**** **** What s involved with this role: The Information Technology Security Officer will provide a professional, responsive service to assist the client and Senior Management in identifying and mitigating security risks, which could seriously affect the operation of business systems and the confidentiality of both the Council's and client's/customer's information. This requires strong communication and management participation with all the Councils service areas, to ensure a process of continuous review and improvement in order to provide the Council with an efficient secure environment for all its operational systems. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also indicate that you are available to start work immediately/at short notice We cannot use information in covering letters, so your CV must work as a standalone document We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials Your CV will be rejected (without notification) unless it clearly demonstrates that you have the following: Experience: Extensive UK experience in both procurement and contract management of high value (OJEU) consultancy services and construction projects. Clientside supervision service contracts Detailed involvement in letting contracts covering a wide range of works and services Experience of using Databases running under Windows Experience of using all commonly used Microsoft Office software packages Knowledge/Experience: Educated to graduate level, preferably with a degree in a Computer Science or a related subject Possess extensive knowledge of the Public Sector, and is aware of its working practices relating to internal politics and changing dynamics within the organisation to achieve its objectives. Preferably has worked for a minimum of three years in both an IT and IT security environment and in an IT Security role. Has been involved in the IT Security aspects of implementing Central Government directives and industry good practice initiatives e.g Government Connect, PCIDSS Has experience of developing IT Security related policy, implementation of associated procedures and education programmers to ensure compliance. Experience of responding to Freedom of Information requests within the legislative frame work Skills: Has a technical knowledge of current ICT and is conversant with the latest security standards and requirements, including Government Connect, PCIDSS, BS**** Data Protection, Computer Misuse and Civil Liberties legislation, and appropriate IT security investigation, penetration testing and/or monitoring software. Good technical knowledge of IT security, network protocols and related operating systems by understanding and conforming to the legislative, ethical and procedural requirements in relation to data collection and storage. Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Finance Resources/ICT/Security Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are designated temporary, though in practice we find that the vast majority of them get extended on a multiple/long term basis. This one is expected to be for 12 months, initially. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited