Title: SEO Consultant / Account Manager
Webindex: 68704771
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: SEO Consultant / Account Manager Location: London (Kingston Upon Thames) Salary: ****  ****  multiple bonuses  annual trip to South Africa  more Duration: Permanent / Full Time Sector: Digital Media, IT Keywords: SEO, SEM, Digital Media, SEO Consultant This outstanding Search Marketing Agency who specialise in the delivery of SEO services for some of the very best brands and Add agencies seek an experienced SEO Consultant / Account Manager to join their SEO team. A great time to come onboard with 2013 expecting to be a very big year for growth, they are looking for a skilled SEO consultant with enthusiasm and a desire to succeed. They very much want you to be part of the exciting journey ahead and not only offer a great salary but also regular bonuses, ongoing training and real career development. A friendly yet focused environment this is a team who love their clients, love their work and like to have fun. With offices in the London and Cape Town South Africa you will visit Cape Town once a year for a week holiday/annual work party. The company has a very flat structure with both the Senior Directors having a very hands on approach so if you have strong SEO skills and ideas this is a great opportunity for a self starter with excellent client facing skills who has the ability to multitask on multiple exciting SEO projects. Job Responsibilities:  Delivering SEO strategies for clients from startups to major blue chip companies you will then require: Must have Experience/Skills:  Expert in Google analytics.  Expert in International SEO.  Proven technical hands on SEO consultancy experience delivering SEO strategies for both blue chip and startups  Proven SEO Strategy experience able to devise and plan SEO strategies for your clients as well as guide the team through the implementation of your strategy.  Possess the ability to explain complex technical concepts to nontechnical people in a way that enables them to easily understand.  Excellent client facing skills able to present and put a pitch together whilst also work to win/develop key accounts  Ability to building relationships with both clients and their partner agencies.  Very responsive to client needs and able to communicate well within the team.  Partner agency liaison: You will need to build up relationships with new partner agencies and be able respond to pitch requests from current partner agencies  Have a keen eye for creative solutions to achieve client objectives.  Innovation, as you will play a pivotal role in innovation via the numerous research and development projects constantly undertaken by the agency.  Project delivery: You will be managing projects` lifecycles with the client, ensuring that a high quality of work is achieved by both you and the team in order to exceed the clients` goals and expectations.  Experience of working with development teams through agencies or directly.  Additional strong Social Media Skills will be of benefit The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SEOConsultantAccountManager_job****