Title: First Line Analyst
Webindex: 68627424
Company: Hays Resource Management   HRM Choice
Description: First Line Analyst Bradford **** per hour basic Role involves providing users front line helpdesk support and will involve performing a range of technical tasks assisting with any hardware and software issues. Responsibilities Taking calls from users with technical issues and trying to resolve at first contact. Loggings all calls and tickets with details of user issues using Remedy Call Management system. Resetting passwords using Active Directory. Troubleshooting Microsoft software issues with emphasis on Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Respond efficiently to enquiries and effectively resolve any issues. Escalate complex incidents to appropriate support members in line with company processes to ensure customer demands are met. Evaluate and chase up escalations appropriately to ensure customer demands are met. Following security processes in line with company processes and regulations. Provide a high level of customer service to internal and external customers. Skills and Experience Previous experience working within a customer focussed environment. Previous IT Desktop service experience would be advantageous, although not mandatory  but candidates should have a good understanding and working knowledge of IT desktop concepts. Positive 'can do' attitude Able to work under pressure Enthusiastic and willing to learn. Excellent telephone manner and good interpersonal skills. Demonstrates an organised approach to work. Demonstrates customer service to a high standard. Strong attention to detail and accuracy in all work. Articulate and methodical in approach Basic literacy and numeracy skills. Team Player Hays Corporate Accounts is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website.