Title: Storage Administrator / Storage Architect
Webindex: 69265495
Company: Interquest Group
Description: Sand Resources has an excellent opportunity to work with one of the UK's leading research centres, dedicated to drug discovery, treatment and prevention of life limiting diseases. The organisation's research programmes are growing more and more dependent on major IT systems such as High Performance Computing. Because of this, the client is looking for a Storage Administrator with a strong background in SAN (Storage Area Network) and NAS (Network Attached Storage) technologies. The main objective of the post is to administer, monitor and maintain the central NAS and SAN storage systems as well as working with management to develop future storage platforms and strategy. Storage Administrator Role:  To manage and maintain the Scientific Computing NAS platform and to assist with the maintenance and support of the SAN system  Day to day administration of all elements of the systems services  Ongoing and regular maintenance of all elements of the service, including the implementation of appropriate patch levels, system upgrades and performance and capacity management  Ongoing testing of the integrity of the system  Forward planning for upgrades  Provide support services including storage requests, recording and reporting on storage platforms  Raising and managing support calls with suppliers  Respond to out of hours incidents  Integration of systems including links to scientific and medical equipment  Networking and file management systems Storage Administrator Skills: Essential  GCSE English and Mathematics or Equivalent  Administering UNIX / LINUX systems including proficiency at the command line level  Managing NFS, CIFS and Samba services from both server and client perspectives  LUN provision techniques  Administration of backups  Managing NAS environments  Excellent communication skills  Ability to explain complex technical problems to a non technical audience  Excellent analytical and investigative skills  Excellent team player  Knowledge of current technology developments and trends  Diplomatic and Assertive  Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work as a team  Ability to work on own initiative and under pressure Storage Administrator Skills: Desirable  ITIL Certification  Degree or equivalent  Management of hierarchical storage systems  Experience of working in a research environment  Understanding of ITIL best practices Please send your CV for immediate consideration and a full job specification, or call Georgia Chuter on [blocked]. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy.