Title: iOS Developers ( all levels)
Webindex: 68671479
Company: Epsilium Recruitment
Description: Working for a dynamic Global ecommerce payments provider There is a need to recruit a number of iOS developers ( at all levels) to support various projects within the R D team. Essential  Demonstrable experience of basic data structures such as, linked lists, doubly linked lists, binary trees, arrays, lists, tables, and general knowledge about computer science, such as stacks, heaps, operators and various algorithms.  Excellent understanding of the full iOS app development lifecycle (Project setup, development, Ad Hoc distribution, App Store distribution, aftersubmission support).  Demonstrable knowledge of Xcode, Instruments, Interface Builder.  Relevant experience of ObjectiveC programming language.  Relevant programming experience (preferable in C based languages such as C/C++).  Great understanding of iOS App State Management (Background  Foreground).  Experience in developing multi threaded iOS apps.  Great understanding of iOS memory management, both Automatic and Manual Reference Counting.  Strong MVC/Object Oriented programming skills (Encapsulation, Polymorphism, Inheritance, etc).  Experience in XML and JSON based application development.  Knowledge of Core Location, UI Kit, Map Kit, Security, Core Data, Core Graphics, Core Animation.  Experience in writing secure iOS Apps (Security.framework, Keychain).  . Desirable  Experience of Agile methodology (SCRUM).  Experience with WML/XHTML or any other similar technologies.  Experience in CVS and SVN revision control systems. Personal Competencies/Skills Looking to join a company that values professionalism Able to work as part of a highly efficient and organized team Good communication skills Ability to apply a systematic, disciplined and analytical approach to problem solving Ability to produce written work to a consistently high standard Having a 'Can do' attitude This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/iOSDevelopersalllevels_job****