Title: Senior Archiving Specialist ****k Clevedon, Somerset
Webindex: 70783636
Company: Xist4 IT Recruitment
Description: Senior Archiving Specialist, Symantec Enterprise Vault, **** plus benefits, Clevedon, North Somerset (near Bristol). Key Skills:  In depth knowledge supporting Symantec Enterprise Vault.  Experience supporting difficult 3rd line support issues on Symantec Enterprise Vault.  Subject matter expert for Symantec Enterprise Vault.  Experience in authorship and review of technical documentation.  Experience of managing data migration projects.  Excellent English verbal and written skills.  Must be eligible to work in the UK. About the Role: Our client is seeking a Senior Archiving Specialist (Symantec Enterprise Vault) with in depth knowledge of supporting the Symantec Enterprise Vault product, be process driven and selfmotivating, and have a mindset of continuous improvement. Responsibilities will include:  Being the Subject Matter Expert for Symantec Enterprise Vault and providing expert guidance on data management and migration strategies.  Leading Root Cause Analysis (RCA) or Problem Management with the team.  Handle a daily workload of the most difficult 3rd Line Support issues.  Keep uptodate with relevant technologies, systems and platforms.  Provide mentoring to other staff across email archiving and other technologies.  Attending training courses as required undertaking certification as required.  Responsible for leading research into the integration of a variety of different vendor platforms with regard to data migrations operations.  Liaising with Engineering on the design of future product releases. About the Company: Our client is a small, dynamic and innovative software Solutions company that is recognised as a world leader in its domain. Our client is responsible for authoring, supporting and distributing software products to a wide variety of markets and customers. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorArchivingSpecialist****kClevedonSomerset_job****