Title: Embedded Software Engineers
Webindex: 69595934
Company: SCom
Description: Embedded C Software Engineers This is an excellent opportunity join a world leading company in the development of endtoend software solutions. We are looking for engineers with experience of embedded software development, using either C, C++, or those with Java and ADA skills who are willing to cross train. The development group is involved in both the delivery of high quality, high function middleware solutions and evolving the development techniques and methodologies used. The group works closely together and interfaces with many other development areas and sites. The need for highly developed communication skills is essential. Main duties and responsibilities of the role ? Work within a team of highly motivated developers using knowledge of both software and hardware devices. ? Liaise with other development groups, Project Managers and Systems Architects as appropriate. ? Design of software to meet customer and internal requirements, defining interfaces to other software components. ? Software Component Integration, writing and debugging code. ? Contribute to automated test environments, continuous integration tools and maintenance of software quality metrics. ? Take responsibility for ensuring that the Software Code of Practice and the Software Development Process are followed. ? Take responsibility for the everyday processing and maintenance of software defect reports. ? Take responsibility for delivery of software features to the committed schedule. ? Track individual defect fixes or new developments against the schedule and provide status reports to the team leader. ? Identify technical changes necessary to achieve a specific customer requirement. ? Take responsibility for the quality of your own code. ? Take an active role in personal technical and professional development. Mandatory skills and experience We seek top flight engineers. Both those with experience of the realtime embedded C technologies the company uses and those with realtime C++, Java or Ada, who can quickly come up to speed on technologies. In addition all applicants should offer one or more of the following skill sets: ? Use of simulators, compilers and debuggers. ? Linux development and POSIX standards. Real Time Operating Systems. ? CM systems especially Clear Case, defect database tracking and maintenance. ? Design methodologies including CASE tools (UML) and Agile techniques. ? Professional coding practises and standards, particularly MISRA. ? Software architecture and design. Java, XML and web scripting. ? STB and broadcast headend systems, DVB, XSI, DSS Digital TV standards. ? Educated to BSc or MSc level in Computer Science or a related discipline. The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SCom is a trading name of S.com Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmbeddedSoftwareEngineers_job****