Title: CTO / Chief Technology Officer  Nottingham
Webindex: 64079527
Company: Cordius
Description: CTO, Chief Technology Officer, Development Manager, Agile, .NET, ASP.NET, C, Java, MVC, WCF, WPF, SQL Server/other RDBMS, Web, Mobile Applications, Technical Delivery, Strategic Decision Making, East Midlands, Nottingham. Cordius is delighted to be chosen as the Exclusive Recruitment Partner to one of the East Midlands most exciting Greenfield IT Development projects planned for 2013 With several of the industry s most visionary professionals at the helm and the financial backing to match, our client is forming a brand new Development Team in Nottingham with the primary task to build a pioneering software platform focused on lending and payments technologies, to create market differentiation in service flexibility, accessibility and cost. Aspiring to bring together a group of the best developers in the Midlands and with 5 major projects already lined up for the new year we are searching for a CTO with vision, drive, dynamism, a belief in doing things better and a passionate desire to deliver. Person Specification: You will be technically capable with a commercial understanding and the ability to build and lead a team of outstanding individuals. We are especially keen to hear from candidates with a thorough understanding of Lean/Agile software development practices. In this role you will be expected to make high level technical decisions in conjunction with architects, as such we are seeking candidates who come from a software development background and have a good grasp of modern technologies such as: .NET, ASP.NET, C, Java, MVC, WCF, WPF and SQL Server/other RDBMS. A background in developing and leading complex Web and Mobile Application projects in a dynamic and flexible environment, as well as a focus on information security will be preferable to this role. Key responsibilities: Plan and execute appropriate strategies to ensure the launch and development of new technology incentives. To ensure development is at the forefront of financial technology product development. To communicate ideas effectively and report to the management team and board. Act as an equal partner in a fast growing and revenue generating company to ensure overall success of the company. The continued personal development of the team  to shape and motivate a small group, and through them, be able to deliver quick and accurate software and creative solutions. To help deliver an industry leading company within the aggressive and competitive environment of financial services. Location: Nottingham City Centre, Nottinghamshire, East Midlands Remuneration: To ****K  Bonus  Share Options  Relocation Package Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates