Title: FRONT END DEVELOPER (HTML5, CSS3)
Webindex: 70583775
Company: Pottermore
Description: About Pottermore Pottermore.com is an online experience from J.K. Rowling built around the Harry Potter books, created for a new digital generation of readers who can explore, share and participate in the stories, showcase their creativity and discover new information about the world of Harry Potter from the author herself. The Pottermore Shop is also the exclusive place to purchase, for the first time, eBooks, as well as digital audio books of the Harry Potter series available in English (US and UK versions), French, Italian, German, Spanish (Castilian) and Japanese. Background Pottermore is looking to hire a talented Front End Application Developer to join the web development team working on one of the world’s fastest growing digital entertainment properties. Pottermore.com launched in April 20****2 and within 3 weeks had racked up more than 1 Billion page impressions, making it a significant player in online entertainment. A website of this scale requires brilliant engineers to deliver constant innovation of interactive games and compelling social features. The successful candidate will be educated to degree level and has at least 35 years in development of websites using frontend technologies like HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript (JQuery). Experience of global consumer facing sites is desirable, and an appreciation of the value of agile development and continuous integration. An eye for detail and realising beautiful design is a must. Role: Reporting to the Head of Development, as a Front End Developer you will be responsible for developing our www.pottermore.com site using HTML5, CSS3, Javascript and many gaming libraries. You will be developing and maintaining the front end application that delivers new game features, extends social functionality and ensures the performance and security of the platform. You will be a real selfstarter and possess strong interpersonal and communication skills and be used to working within a team of developers which will include internal and external individuals. Integrating frontend (HTML5/CSS3) development with data sources and .NET backend Developing new functionality or enhancing existing functionality as part of a continual integration cycles Familiarity with Agile project working will be an advantage i.e. SCRUM / XP Providing supporting estimates with respect to time, effort and scheduling of work Interpreting Pottermore and third party technical and business requirements into working technical designs Leading and contributing to team discussions to identify design solutions Coding clearly and maintaining consistency; code should be well documented with minimal bugs, and assuring junior developers deliver to the same standard. Staying abreast of innovative emerging techniques in application development Working knowledge of version and source control systems e.g. Microsoft TFS Have familiarity with delivering highly scalable, performant and secure consumer web sites. Involved in short term maintenance jobs and dealing with change requests from the creative and product teams Ability to work well under pressure and to deadlines and manage time appropriately Required Skills Experience: XHTML / HTML 5 (Canvas / Audio / Video)  Semantic Markup CSS 3 / LESS Javascript / JQuery / AJAX / ImpactJs .NET **** / C ASP.NET MVC / Visual Studio 2010 (Client Side) XML / JSON Web sockets / Realtime Knowledge of Quality Assurance processes and methodology Attention to detail Understanding of best practise methods for frontend development for SEO Experience with design tools (Fireworks / Photoshop) Experience in frontend error checking and solving and also browser specific rendering issues Experience integrating with serverside (C ASP.NET) code to produce dynamic pages Experience building sites to at least an AA Web Accessibility standard Ability to work well under pressure and to deadlines and manage time appropriately Desired Skills Experience: Flash eCommerce experience Knowledge of HTML Email best practice This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/FRONTENDDEVELOPERHTML5CSS3_job****