Title: Senior Network Engineer  CCNA, VOIP, SIP  Leading PLC
Webindex: 68357238
Company: Cordius
Description: Senior Network Engineer, Senior Network and Voice Engineer, Cisco, CCNA, CCNP, VOIP, SIP, Wide Area Networks, Cisco Works/Solar Winds, Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire. Warwickshire, Staffordshire, East Midlands. This is an opportunity for a highly skilled network engineer to join an existing team of dedicated network engineers that are responsible for the operation, maintenance and development of this leading PLC s networking infrastructure. Responsibilities: As a Senior Network Engineer working as part of the network team based in Leicester, you will be responsible for performing the following duties: Planning, developing, installing and maintaining various network equipment. Investigating, analysing and resolving network incidents and problems. Monitoring and management of network performance. Engaging with initiatives and projects to provide advice regarding networking aspects. Criteria Essential: Current/previously held Cisco CCNA qualification or equivalent. Substantial proven practical expertise in supporting local and wide area networks, carrying both voice and video, at a senior level of responsibility. Good understanding of VOIP and IP telephony including SIP. Proven understanding of network development and security management. Proven practical expertise in the use of network management tools, such as Cisco Works and Solar Winds. Proven practical expertise in configuring and maintaining Cisco network equipment IOS. Proven practical expertise of wireless networking solutions. Desirable: Current Cisco CCNP qualification. Project management experience. A good understanding of best practices for installation and management of communications infrastructure within an International enterprise. A good appreciation of the use of new networking technologies. Salary: To ****  Excellent Benefits Location: Leicestershire, East Midlands. Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates