Title: IT Development Programme Leader  insurance
Webindex: 71760341
Company: Proactive Appointments
Description: IT Insurance Development Programme Leader IT Development Programme Leader is required for our client based in Kent. We are looking for a talented individual to lead an IT team with developers, Buisness Analysts, Project Managers and Technical leads in creating and developing IT business solutions. The individual will be expected to lead by example and have strong man management skills as this is key to the position. Supervision Responsible for the planning and execution of the project plans within the programme. Perform the role of IT programme leader for larger business wide developments To report on the status of all projects in conjunction with the business liaison manager to budget and time Leading multi disciplined teams drawn from across the company to develop and deliver cost effective solutions on time and within budget. To complete initial feasibility and business cases for new projects in conjunction with the business liaison manager for agreement by the board Ensure that all work produced by the team is completed to schedule, and tested to a high standard. Ensure that all work produced by the team is produced within the governance framework and satisfies current regulatory compliance standards. Monitoring the work of all team members and assist, where applicable, in their training and development. Maintain an up to date knowledge of market wide technological and business developments Conducting appraisals of junior project team members from the development staff Technical Requirements Gathering Estimating, resourcing and planning work schedules Designing and specifying business solutions according to business requirements Identify and recommend changes in IT strategic direct to support new systems designs Manage the programming and testing of applications to a high standard Manage and providing support during user testing phases Promoting new and changed software via the Change Control system Investigate and correct systems faults Attending user group meetings, either internally or at an external location. Providing technical advice, guidance and quality control for enduser developments. Due to the volume of applications received for positions it will not be possible to respond to all applications and only applicants who are considered suitable for interview will be contacted. PALimited operates as an employment agency and employment business and is an equal opportunities organisation. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITDevelopmentProgrammeLeaderinsurance_job****