Title: IM Business Change Manager
Webindex: 71305336
Company: TFL
Description: IM Business Change Manager Salary: Circa ****k  Excellent benefits This key corporate role offers the chance to drive business change in a large, successful organisation which is unique in the size, scale and diversity of its operations. Not only will you be embedding Long Term change across the business from our entire portfolio of IM programmes and projects; you’ll also be assessing, anticipating and managing impacts, communicating new ways of working to our people and ensuring they are equipped with the right technology and skills. About us A rich heritage. A strong commercial focus. An iconic brand. They all add up to make Transport for London a unique public service – and a great place to develop your career. Each year, we spend around 50m in IM improvements. Which is where you come in. The role We need a highly motivated professional to lead and coordinate business change across all IM projects: defining requirements, sharing best practice and building change capability within the department. Key tasks will include setting standards, embedding business change tools and processes and ensuring appropriate governance arrangements are implemented. Managing, coaching and developing staff, promoting a strong customer service ethos and driving continuous improvement will be important components of the job. What you’ll need Your experience of leading business change in a large, complex organisation, managing multidisciplinary teams and improving working practices will be supported by excellent communication, relationshipbuilding and influencing skills. You’ll also have proved your willingness to challenge the status quo, welcome new ideas and encourage others to do things differently. A thorough knowledge of change management tools, methodologies and techniques will be essential.You will also have experience of project management, ideally including some familiarity with an IT/IM delivery environment. Excellent benefits include: 30 days holiday plus public and bank holidays Final salary pension scheme Free Tube travel and travel concessions including discounted Eurostar travel Performance Award Private medical benefit Closing date: 17th February 2013 To apply, please click on the apply button and enter ref TfL **** We aspire to be as diverse as the city we serve, we welcome applications from all sections of the community. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/IMBusinessChangeManager_job****