Title: Oracle Hyperion Support Analyst
Webindex: 69544609
Company: Pureapps Ltd
Description: Oracle Hyperion Support Analyst Winchester Salary: ****  benefits Start Date: ASAP PureApps are the former Hyperion UK distributor and their final Partner of the Year. Today, we arethe Leading Full Service Provider for all Oracle Hyperion EPM and BI solutions. We deliver more Oracle Hyperion channel revenues than any other UK partner. Uniquely, we help organisations with the comprehensive end to end service required to provide them with a new Performance Management Solution to meet today’s demanding requirements. PureApps are looking for an Analyst to join the support desk in their Winchester office. Oracle Hyperion knowledge is not a stipulation as full training will be given leading to Oracle certification. Previous help desk experience is not necessary but beneficial. You must be proficient in all of the following technologies  Microsoft Windows Server ****/****  Microsoft Windows XP/ Windows 7  Microsoft Office ****nowledge in the following areas would be a plus  Hyperion Financial Management (HFM), Essbase, Planning, FDM, OBIEE  Windows Server Security – Local and Domain  Basic database maintenance knowledge MS SQL and/or Oracle Database  Network technologies and communications  Virtualisation technologies  IIS / ASP.net  Customer Support experience  Additional language skills would be a bonus (Dutch, French, German, Spanish) You will need to possess the following qualities: Demonstrate excellent written and verbal communication skills  Have the ability to learn quickly and ‘think on your feet’  Be customer focused  Possess excellent problem solving skills  Act independently while researching solutions to client issues  Utilise all available resources to aid in problem solving  Proactively manage issues to the highest levels of customer satisfaction  Have a high degree of job satisfaction from solving client problems Our helpdesk is very much a 2nd line  technical helpdesk specifically for Oracle Hyperion application and infrastructure. Time is mainly spent investigating technical problems and testing in our virtual labs. It is not a 1st line help desk and call taking is minimal. We are looking for someone who can think on their feet and take ownership of technical issues through to completion. An ideal candidate will have excellent communication and time management skills. You should have very strong technical skills and have a keen interest in IT and technical environments. You should be keen to learn and comfortable working with a team of fastpaced dynamic young professionals. You will be expected to take responsibility of your own work and be flexible on the technical work required. As part of the support program you will receive training on installation and configuration of Oracle Hyperion systems and components. This is an excellent opportunity for a candidate to specialise in Oracle Hyperion applications with excellent career progression opportunities within PureApps. We are recruiting now and looking to fill this position ASAP This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/OracleHyperionSupportAnalyst_job****