Title: NAV Analyst Developer, ****k, Northamptonshire, Pebblestone
Webindex: 69022714
Company: Nigel Frank International
Description: Dynamics NAV Analyst Developer, ****k, Northamptonshire, gain Pebblestone Dynamics NAV Analyst Developer, ****k based in Northamptonshire for a market leading end user. Gain Pebblestone addon experience. The successful candidate will play a key role within the business analyst and development team. My client works within the fresh produce sector and holds a very large market share. Due to a period of growth, they require a new team member to bring on the ongoing Dynamics NAV and Pebblestone projects. Another feature of the role will be to provide support and training to users within the organisation as well as playing a large part in the user engagement strategy currently being rollout, group wide. You must have  At least 2 years experience, working with and supporting solutions in Dynamics NAV Must have Dynamics Nav development experience (C/AL, C/SIDE, C, .NET) Experience in 1st and 2nd line NAV support. Good analytical and problem solving skills Innovative and fresh business ideas It would be advantage if you have . Experience within the manufacturing, retail or wholesale sector  using Pebblestone A strong understanding of financial modules SQL Development skills Certifications within Dynamics NAV Experience of delivering training to end users Previous experience of developing user engagement A second language (Spanish or Portuguese) As part of the Development and Business analyse team you will assist in the testing and issuing of future upgrades and configurations. You will have access to the latest technologies as part of the team that pilots new software releases. You will also provide 1st and 2nd line of support to end users within a large organisation. My client will reward you with a very generous benefits package to give you an excellent work life balance whiles still providing exposure to a high class job in an exciting field. This is an excellent to opportunity to take your career to a new level. DON T get left behind APPLY NOW To apply: To discuss this exciting MS Dynamics NAV/Navision opportunity in more detail  many other new and exciting roles, please send your CV or call Andrew Poxton on (Apply online only) in complete confidence ASAP. Nigel Frank International is the leading Microsoft Dynamics recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Microsoft Dynamic NAV/Navision jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners & End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements & jobs for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the Microsoft Dynamics market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best Dynamics NAV opportunities & Navision jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Dynamics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Dynamics market and some of the Dynamics opportunities & Navision jobs that are available I can be contacted on (Apply online only) or by email Microsoft Dynamics Navision/MS Dynamics NAV/Dynamic Navision/Dynamics NAV/Navision/Support/Technical Support/Developer/Technical Consultant/Programmer/Cambridgeshire/Hertfordshire/Bedfordshire/Northamptonshire/Cambridge