Title: Digital Account Executive (Planning/Buying)
Webindex: 69205367
Company: Digital Personnel
Description: Leading International Media Agency requires a Digital Account Executive to support their Global Solutions team working on a high profile technology client from their offices in London. The agency is one of the world?s leading media agency networks managing a variety of international assignments. They provide a truly integrated approach for their range of blue chip clients enabling them to stay ahead of their competitors. The Digital Account Executive will support the Digital Account Manager in delivering the full range of campaign activity, including contacting media owners, planning, buying, trafficking, optimisation and reporting the activity. The focus will be direct response which will involve working heavily with networks and exchanges in order to deliver the optimum results. You will be responsible for running campaigns across ****ey markets including UK, France, Italy, Germany and Netherlands. The role will involve working closely with the Analytics and Insight team, to ensure all tagging, trafficking and reporting is set up accurately and reviewed regularly. Key objectives of the role will include; ? Supporting the Account Manager in the planning, buying and optimising of media for the client?s direct response campaigns, to deliver on acquisition goals across display media. ? Establish and maintaining strong relationships with clients, media owners and creative agencies. ? Accurate and timely delivery of weekly reports, providing insight to the client. ? Working with the Account Manager to provide recommendations to clients on optimisations. ? Smooth day to day running of campaign activity, including supporting the Global Services Account Manager. Key skills, knowledge and experience required; ? Experience in planning and buying digital campaigns. ? Minimum of 12 years working on digital media campaigns. ? Ability to build strong personal relationships with clients and all involved stakeholders. ? Strong numerical skills and attention to details. ? Experience of working with adservers such as DoubleClick / Mediamind ? Language skills desirable, especially French, Italian, German and Dutch. ? PC skills, Excel, Word and PowerPoint essential. This is a great opportunity for someone who has a good grounding within planning and buying to progress their career within a Leading Global Agency. Please do not hesitate to apply today Digital Personnel is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Digital Personnel is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the digital media market, developing recruitment partnerships with innovative interactive businesses on a global scale. Digital Personnel supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and implementing online marketing strategies that continue to push the boundaries within this everevolving industry.