Title: Software Engineer, Test Automation Global Technology Company
Webindex: 69995767
Company: Sophos Plc
Description: Company overview Sophos is focused on delivering the best IT security and data protection for businesses. Today Sophos products protect over **** businesses and 100 million users, in more than 150 countries. Sophos understands what it takes to keep businesses secure and this is why Sophos is recognized globally by its Customers and Analysts alike, as leaders in what it does.Join Sophos to help us build upon our year on year double digit growth success over the last 5 years. The key to the Sophos success story is its people….Sophos is built on a foundation of world class talent, who have developed long standing careers with the company. Sophos believes it’s employees are the company’s best asset…and is therefore continuously seeking to acquire high calibre talent which will contribute towards the continual growth, innovation and success of the Sophos global brand. The opportunity Our Engineering team develop the next generation of Sophos products and technologies for which we’ve become known around the world. They are passionate and clued up on new technologies and products; always looking for ways to revolutionise how security technology interacts with the user; and have a penchant for solving complex and challenging technical problems in a creative manner. This role provides the opportunity to work in an open and collaborative environment as part of our windows endpoint team. The team are focused on developing our Endpoint products providing AntiVirus and control functionality, adding new features and supporting new windows capabilities. The role will include responsibilities for development, execution and monitoring of our automated tests. Opportunities exist to develop your career in either Software development or Quality Assurance. The candidate profile To succeed in this role you’ll be passionate about software development, and keen to use your programming and scripting skills to help the team be successful. You’ll feel at home within an Agile team with its open communications, pair programming, commitment to quality and focus on getting things “done, done”. Essential:  Experience of developing code in C++, C or Java  Ability to learn new skills quickly and apply them to the role  Analytical with an eye for detail, a natural problem solver with a continuous improvement ethos  Able to work autonomously and deliver in line with project roadmaps whilst working collaboratively within the wider team environment  Interpersonal communication style, a natural relationship builder who uses these skills to deliver. Desirable:  Experience of working within Agile development methodologies  Experience of developing for Microsoft Windows platforms  Experience with automated regression testing  Working knowledge of Python or other scripting language  Of graduate caliber Commitment to Sophos employees – Corporate benefits career development strategy Sophos believe in career progression and therefore significantly invests in structured training programs to promote employee success, personal growth and development. The training programs are supported by a defined career roadmap and excellent long term opportunities. Sophos also provides an outstanding benefits package to support employee wellbeing  including private healthcare, group pension scheme, profit related, life assurance/illness/travel insurance and an excellent subsidised restaurant facility. Sophos is an Equal Opportunities employer. Only successful applicants will be contacted for interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareEngineerTestAutomationGlobalTechnologyCompany_job****