Title: Lead UX/UI Developer
Webindex: 68675250
Company: Modis
Description: Seeking an experienced UI/UX design candidate for a new role, to develop and direct the usability, functionality, and creative design of existing and new mobile and web based applications for our diverse client base. The successful candidate will work with multiple teams of developers, architects and project managers. We are seeking someone with demonstrable creative vision and an ability to visualise and impart to internal and external audiences, how good designs can work across multiple devices. The ideal candidate will be someone who is unconstrained by contemporary trends and doesn't feel compelled to follow the statusquo, and yet has a solid understanding of latest developments and design principles within UX design. The candidate should have an ability to communicate ideas and vision to mentor junior team members and should have an extensive catalogue of past work for review. Role Responsibilities tasks include, but are not limited to, being the company advocate and subject matter expert on:  Proposing creative direction for internal products and client projects devising and directing the general creative design throughout the organisation  Responsive Web design flexible UI designs that can handle diverse device application  Native App Design  Touch UI  Flexible UI designs that can handle diverse device application  Designing new interfaces for mobile and web applications  Working with multiple teams of developers, architects and project managers  Working with the business development team to formulate creative proposals  Seeking commercial opportunities Technical skills other requirements:  Experience with responsive and adaptive design principles.  Experience at designing for multiple devices, including native app design  Experience at collaborating with developers.  Proficient with Adobe Creative Suite or equivalent.  Familiarity with current HTML and CSS standards.  Experience with Javascript and JQuery preferred but not essential.  Passionate about graphic design, typography and attention to detail.  Able to prioritize work on multiple projects.  Ability to work with tight release schedules  Ability to liaise directly with clients and manage small design oriented projects This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadUXUIDeveloper_job****