Title: Java Developer Big Data
Webindex: 71443876
Company: Alexander Black Recruitment Limited
Description: Java Developer Big Data Alexander Black Recruitment is urgently looking for a Java Developer to join our high profile client. Our client is a **** man business who have a unique bleeding edge big data product. Details of the full ideas of the company are protected by a Non Disclosure agreement but they are at the bleeding edge of not only product ideas but also technology and data manipulation. This role is sits in a medium sized development team and allows a developer to take responsibility for code as well as architecture of the product. You will be completely hands on but have aspirations for higher things. Development is agile and fast paced. The day begins with a short scrum at which tasks will be distributed and any roadblocks cleared. Work is test driven, with unit tests implemented first to be run in our continuous integration environment. Only then do they write code. As requirements evolve you will refactor and our unit test suite. To deliver quickly you will leverage the best of the open source community, sometimes substituting your own solutions where greater performance is needed. You will be encouraged to evangelise and prototype new technologies and through doing so you will help shape the architecture. Candidates Must Have:  4 years commercial experience  Server side multithreaded Java / J****EE  JMS and asynchronous MOM architectures  Serious exposure to Core Java (not siloed amateurs)  Spring initiatives such as Core Spring, Spring Integration and Spring Batch  JUnit and TestNG  Hibernate  SQL and Oracle  Experience leading small development teams.  Experience of Relational Databases  Puppet  Maven This company is at the bleeding edge of technology at present and offer training as well as the opportunity to learn from people who are well known contributors to the opensource community. You will be joining a progressive and exciting company committed to excellence. They offer an excellent working environment with ongoing training and a structured career path. You can also expect an excellent salary and benefits package. My client is based in London If this sounds of interest then please send your most recent cv to bankingalexanderblackrecruitment.co.uk or call James Holland on **** **** ****