Title: Lead Business Analyst/Senior BA/BA Manager
Webindex: 72445254
Company: BPM Tech
Description: ROLE: BA Lead LOCATION: St Albans SKILLS: ISEB, Business Analysis, line management DESCRIPTION: Great opportunity for a Lead Business Analyst to work for my client in St Albans. You will lead and manage a small team of IT professionals (Business and Project Manager and help develop them to reach their full potential through a structured development and learning plan. You will be involved in resource planning and the production of project deliverables as well as scheduling and planning software releases and managing the day to day relationships with software suppliers. To be considered for this role you should be at least a senior Business Analyst who has had some management responsibility. You will have worked in a structured project environment and have a full awareness of industry standard software development lifecycles. You will have excellent communication skills and be confident in dealing with people at all levels of a business both internally and externally.  Responsible for the functional systems design: o Participates in and facilitates system design workshops with the business community to solicit and document business and functional requirements (e.g. Use Case Creation).  Business process analysis and modeling.  Participation in architecting the logical design of the system with the developers, including screen design and specifications, data modeling, and documentation of logical processing flows.  Participates in project scoping, estimation and planning of new applications.  Creates and publishes Project Plans for major projects.  Responsible for coordination of cross team resource planning.  Establishes and maintains traceability between artefacts (i.e. BR > FR> Screen Specifications) in accordance with program guidelines.  Participates in/leads screen design and specifications.  Communicates with Development and Testing/QA teams regularly to ensure accurate understanding of requirements.  Responsible for documenting UAT test cases.  Collaborates with Testing/QA team in the execution of User Acceptance Testing (UAT).  Coordinates and performs tests, including enduser reviews, for modified and new processes/systems, and other post implementation support.  Ensure that all activities are undertaken and controlled in accordance with the Quality Management System (QMS).  Maintain Key Performance Indicators (KPI’s) to measure performance and demonstrate continual improvement. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadBusinessAnalystSeniorBABAManager_job****