Title: Digital Technology Director, Croydon, Publishing, Online Media
Webindex: 68679251
Company: Salt
Description: Leading Publishing Company is seeking a Digital Technology Director to be based in their Croydon, Surrey Office. They are a highly successful company with a 20m turnover and **** staff globally, who are actively seeking to grow their online audience. You will report into the CEO and work closely with the MDs of each Publishing arm, your duties will be to drive the online ambitions of the Group, leading the technology team and providing guidance on the digital strategy and practice. Duties will include: Managing and growing the web and online marketing team. Support digital development of consumer publishing. Advise CEO and add strategic guidance to certain Publishing arms. Running websites for **** brands, launching ipad editions, developing product platforms for certain businesses. Lead the Digital development and delivery of the Company. Further engage and grow online audience, increasing revenues from these streams. Support for consumer publishing's digital activities Lead the development of online products, whether in house or with partners Work with commercial management to specify new digital products Support digital aspects of acquisitions where appropriate, from assessment to due diligence and integration Candidates should have: Successful track record in a similar role, ideally within the Digital Agency, Marketing, Internet, eCommerce or Publishing sector. Technical development background, as the role will involve managing the development team, although this role is not hands on. Strong commercial skills, including experience of managing a P L Entrepreneurial flair Strategic knowledge and experience Awareness and interest in the latest developments and future of web, social and mobile technology. Experience of: Project management including estimation Business analysis and requirements gathering Vendor selection Cost control and resource reporting Proven record of growing engaged online audience and audience monetisation Ability to lead the specification and development and rollout of online products whether in house or with 3rd parties, Experience of vendor selection Ability to interact well with commercial and operational people (e.g. editors, sales managers, publishers) Preferred/desired experience: Management or understanding of tech infrastructure and hosted environment php and/or linux environment Interpretation of web analytics, traffic reporting , user journeys Mobile web Social media Online transaction processing  registration and/or payment This is a fantastic opportunity for a Digital leader to help this Company grow and transform as the market requires, The successful candidate will receive a basic salary of up to **** and good bonus. KEYWORDS: Digital Director, Technology Director, Croydon, Surrey, PHP, Publishing, Digital Agency, Marketing, Internet, eCommerce, Publishing sector, strategy, Head of Technology, Head of Digital, Mobile, Social Media, project management, development, web, ipad, online director. If you think you've got what it takes to succeed in this phenomenal company, get in contact with Serrol Osman at Salt either by email: serrol.osmanwelovesalt.com or **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalTechnologyDirectorCroydonPublishingOnlineMedia_job****