Title: Technical Infrastructure Consultant  London, South East
Webindex: 69731725
Company: Additional Resources
Description: Technical Infrastructure Consultant  London, South East Package: **** Car/Car Allowance, Pension, Private healthcare, Life Assurance A leading supplier of software & Managed Service solutions within the education, Schools & Academy Market requite a Technical Infrastructure Consultant to work as part of the team responsible for technical ICT project design, implementation and delivery. The successful candidate will be expected to have extensive experience and a proven track record in the design and implementation of complex Microsoft solutions. Duties: Responsible for delivery of hosted and nonhosted server infrastructure environments and associated support procedures. Work on project based tasks utilizing recognized project management principals. Conduct high and low level reviews of designs against known best practices Responsible for ownership of customer issues reported through to conclusion / appropriate escalation. Follow approved procedures with regard to change control and documentation standards. Dealing with a wide customer base across the education business Site visits to the data centre and customer premises Fault diagnosis and resolution with end to end management and recording. Development of customer and third party relationships Ensure that reported issues are resolved within service level agreements (SLA’s). Liaise with other business units and 3rd parties to ensure a seamless Delivering awareness and guidance about the infrastructure platform Ensuring technical handover from implementation to education support teams Knowledge transfer and training with the team. Key Skills: At least 5 years experience within a senior Microsoft implementation  consultancy role with an indepth knowledge of Windows infrastructure Demonstrate expert knowledge in server and desktop virtualization technologies, Network configuration and design & be able to design and implement large Microsoft infrastructure solutions. Demonstrate an understanding of how the platform services integrate and can be used to solve issues and add value to the education platform & be able to troubleshoot complex platform and application issues. Knowledge  experience in the design and implementation of some of the following technologies: Server virtualization technologies (VMware, Citrix, Windows) Desktop and application virtualization technologies Networking (Firewall, Switching and Wireless) Microsoft Windows 2008 AD Infrastructure Services Microsoft Exchange and Cloud messaging solutions (O****) Microsoft Lync Microsoft Sharepoint 2010 Microsoft SQL Server Microsoft System Centre Configuration Manager Microsoft Systems Centre Operations Manager HP    Dell Server hardware, SANs and Clustering technologies (SAN/NAS) MSI Application packaging and deployment Key words, “vmware”, “citrix”, “cisco”, “hp” We are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****