Title: Lync Consultant/Technical Specialist, Midlands, ****  ****
Webindex: 70770466
Company: Nigel Frank International
Description: Lync Consultant/Technical Specialist, Midlands, ****  65,000, MS GOLD Partner This is an opportunity to work on behalf of a wellrespected IT Service provider. Using your knowledge to deliver professional solutions to a wide range of clientele, under a Microsoft Gold Partner. They client, who s Unified Communications team are ever expanding, are looking to gain the expertise of a focused Microsoft Lync and Exchange Consultant. Candidates should have 35 years of demonstrable experience with these technologies. The high standards my client has built its sterling reputation on, demands that the successful candidate be able to exhibit the value that a fully integrated Unified Communications platform can offer to any business. A candidate seeking an advantageous start to their application should have awareness of opposing vendor solutions within the Unified Communications platform. The Gold Partner also views previous telephony experience as a desirable characteristic. The Microsoft Gold Partner is currently seeking candidates that can, influence whilst engaging with their clientele. Successful applicants will possess strong technical skills to enable them to operate as a Technical Specialist when appropriate, whilst also expected to augment their technical ability, using strong customer facing skills through either deployment or consulting involvement. If you are considering applying, all candidates will need to possess a solid understanding of Unified Communications technologies and products, Microsoft Lync 2010 to a Certified (MCSE, MCITP) Level, Microsoft Exchange 2010. In addition to Unified Communications expertise, candidates must have been exposed to Microsoft Server System technologies, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Office 2010, Mobile Devices Avaya, AudioCodes Cisco, Dialogic, Mitel, Nortel, NET. If these high responsibilities are the foundation for you to thrive and exceed what is expected of you, then don t hesitate and apply today, showing you re experience for selfsufficient customer facing roles, demonstrating your focus on customer satisfaction specifically in service delivery and profitability. My client offers the chance to work in an thrilling, dynamic organisation that is relishing its strong performance and growth. The position allows you to work alongside some of the best IT professionals in the UK, Individuals who proved their aptitude and enthusiasm to develop in the role will be rewarded with unlimited opportunities for career progression. This role gives the chance for you to make a real difference to the business. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Lync market and some of the opportunities MS Lync / Unified Communications / Lync / Consultant / Implementation / Active Directory / Exchange / Gold Partner / Subject Matter Expert / UC / Microsoft UC / Lync 2010