Title: 2nd Line Software Support Consultant  SQL / ASPNET / PHP / IT
Webindex: 68806847
Company: KV Recruitment Limited
Description: 2nd Line Software Support Consultant 2nd Line Application Support Specialist, Senior Software Support, Customer Support Specialist Uxbridge, Harrow, Ruislip, Watford, West London, SQL Server, Oracle, ASP.NET, PHP, TCP/IP Microsoft Infrastructure , JavaScript, XML ****  Bonus  Pension  Training (ITIL) A 2nd Line Software Support Consultant is urgently required by an established and rapidly growing Software House based in West London. Ideal opportunity for and experience Applications Support Consultant, with good handson technical skills, character and ambition to move up the ladder and take on more technical and potentially managerial responsibility. Were looking for candidates with 13 years experience in 2nd Line applications support position where they have carried out complex problem analysis and resolution of incidents escalated from 1st Line Support. You will need to demonstrate the following knowledge/experience:  Broad technical knowledge: SQL skills coupled with good network TCP/IP and infrastructure related skills.  Understanding and logical troubleshooting of Windows based application work flows, reports and forms, ideally in a XML, PHP or ASP.NET and Java Script development environment.  Experience of supporting ClientServer AND webbased applications.  Strong problem solving background with a focus on ownership of issues and a commitment to resolving them. Youll play an active role in prioritising, troubleshooting and resolving difficult incidents / problems escalated by the 1st Line Support Team. Youll working closely with Application Development teams to get problems fixed and provide assistance with the root cause analysis of major incidents and problems. The role of 2nd Line Software Support Consultant is a senior position in an established Customer Services team that has excelled in its performance in the last 12 months and needs to take a next step towards 100% Customer satisfaction. This is a British company that has 15 years experience in delivering award winning, ITIL accredited Service Management (ITSM) software to Blue chip clients in the UK. This is an ideal company for career and personal development, and to get exposure to the very latest technologies. Phone Interviews are lined up for this week so If youre interested in this role please contact James Foster **** **** **** or email on jamesfosterkvrecruitment.co.uk. KV Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business