Title: IT Operations Network Engineer
Webindex: 68180895
Company: Marlin McCabe
Description: IT Operations Network Engineer Key skills: Redhat Linux, Networking, Juniper, VMware ESXi. My client is looking for an Operations Engineer; preferably with an Investment Banking/Brokerage/Exchange background to work in London on.This is a handson operational role working within a high pressure environment. The Operations Engineer will report to the IT operations Team Leader. Key day to day technical operations of major trading production systems will be core component of your role, with monitoring, the maintenance, deployment technical customer onboarding and support of the application, Linux OS, Networking, VMWare, Windows and hardware. Broad range of responsibilities to ensure maximum system availability and helping to build a secure and scalable technology platform. Being responsible for production/External Acceptance Testing and Internal Acceptance Testing infrastructure and the internal office systems that support the platform whilst assisting with major projects focused around the infrastructure. To assist with incident and problem management to resolve issues related to Linux, Networking, VMWare, and Windows. Detailed experience running solutions based on a combination of Redhat Enterprise Linux Version 6, Juniper EX and SRX hardware, Arista switches, VMWare and Windows 2008 server/domains technology. A proven track record in supporting large server estates is essential. Good knowledge of Kickstart and Puppet. Experience of managing Windows and Linux Servers (both physical and vertual using ESXi). Good Scripting, (BASH, Perl, PHP or Ruby preferred). Good monitoring and handson experience of enterprise monitoring applications, ideally ITRS Genos and Orion Solarwinds . Package Management including RPM creation and RPM deployment using software repositories. Understanding of TCP/IP Networking, ideally including Malticast, tcpdump/wireshark and resolving network and application connectivity issues Knowledge and experience of supporting iSCSI based SAN storage (Netapp).Knowledge of and experience with HP technologies such as DL****xx. Experience of working within a ITIL environment, preferably ITIL foundation