Title: IT Account Manager – Software / Hardware
Webindex: 70585613
Company: Big Red Recruitment
Description: IT Account Manager – Software / Hardware **** OTE ****k, Car allowance Warwick, Coventry, Leamington Spa, Stratford upon Avon, Warwickshire, Midlands, West Midlands Our client is a software house based in Warwick, they are looking for an experienced Account Manager to join their very successful team. The company specialises in developing software for over **** major UK and global businesses, they are considered to be one of the leading companies within their field. The successful candidate will be responsible for managing a number of existing clients and ensuring that they are satisfied with the service, whilst proactively looking for other opportunities to either introduce the software or add extra functionality to the existing software. My client is looking for someone who has at least 2 years experience within a client facing role. A background in account management is not vital, but sales experience is essential. Excellent communication skills are crucial in order to build a rapport with clients in order to develop and maintain positive relationships. The successful candidate will receive full training on their software as a thorough understanding is necessary if to provide the level of service each client requires. This is a commercial role that would suit someone who is either currently a commercial account manager or in a new business development role. It would also be an ideal role for a pre sales consultant or new sales consultant who is looking to increase their experience and take on more responsibility. Quarterly annual revenue targets will be established, and these will be used in order to assess the performance and success of the candidate. If you are interested in this role please send in your CV or call Niki for an informal chat. Big Red is dealing with this vacancy exclusively and we have interview dates already booked. Key words: account manager, software, software account executive, software account manager, IT account manager, IT sales, software sales, customer service, customer retention, account development, This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITAccountManagerSoftwareHardware_job****