Title: 2nd Line Support / Desktop Engineer / Technical Support
Webindex: 69552922
Company: AWD online
Description: 2nd Line Support / Desktop Engineer / Technical Support person required for a global Company based in Aberdeen, Scotland. SALARY: ****  **** (depending on experience)  Benefits DUTIES | 2nd Line Support / Desktop Engineer / Technical Support  Provision of desktop support in an enterprise environment  Building, configuring, upgrading and imaging desktops and laptops  Supporting remote users  Knowledge of Microsoft Office products  Working with call logging tools to track and maintain call status  Troubleshooting and maintenance of desktops, laptops and printers  Operating Systems; Microsoft Windows 7 and/or Linux would be advantageous  Installing and configuring software  Administration of Microsoft Active Directory accounts and groups  Good knowledge of relevant IT industry standards and trends  IT equipment moves and setup  Asset and license tracking  Solid understanding of networking concepts and services such as DNS and DHCP in a TCP/IP environment IDEAL CANDIDATES | 2nd Line Support / Desktop Engineer / Technical Support  Previous experience in Operating System and hardware refresh programmes, in particular Microsoft Windows 7 and Office 2010 would be of interest, although not essential  It would be beneficial for candidates to possess ITIL Foundation and/or have experience of working within an environment which has adopted ITIL methodology, in particular incident and problem management  Whilst not essential, possessing CompTIA A; Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP), Technology Specialist (MCTS) or Desktop Support Technician (MCDST) or any other relevant technical certifications would be advantageous  Candidates must have the confidence to deal with clients, users and management, and have good written and verbal English communication skills.  Candidates must have previous experience working in a similar role. ABOUT THE COMPANY The Company, with offices worldwide, is a managed IT services provider focusing on infrastructure, operational and project requirements across the corporate enterprise market. They have a workforce of **** staff and contractors worldwide. 2012 was the Company’s eighth successive year of growth during which time it has grown by more than 900%, while still retaining its focus on both customer and internal quality. The Company is committed to recognising and rewarding hard work and offer a competitive benefits package and training and development for all their staff. They have won awards for “Best Small Companies to Work For” for two years, as well as winning additional industry awards for business growth, outstanding employer, and entrepreneurship. HOW TO APPLY To be considered for this job vacancy, please submit your CV to our Recruitment Team who will review your details. CV’s of Job Applicants meeting this requirement will be submitted to our Client for consideration. By submitting your job application to us you are hereby giving us your express consent to submit your details to our Client for this purpose. AWD online operates as an employment agency