Title: Pre Sales Technical Solutions Consultant (Cisco or Juniper), Berkshire
Webindex: 68838475
Company: PeopleCom Ltd
Description: 'pre sales' sales cisco juniper consultant technical Pre Sales Technical Solutions Consultant (Cisco or Juniper) for a major UK managed network services provider, Bracknell Up to ****k base plus 10% bonus and ****k car allowance Purpose: A pre sales technical design role acting in a given Technology and/or Solution area responsible for capturing the customer requirements and designing and proposing robust, supportable and fit for purpose solutions that align both with a client's business drivers and maximises our ability to differentiate, within voice, data and converged environments. Strong Cisco or Juniper knowledge covering Routing, Switching, UC, Voice, Security & Wireless LAN. Experience of Microsoft integration, Exchange and OCS. Broad industry knowledge of related products by other vendors. Key Result Areas  To translate a customers technical requirement into a fit for purpose and commercially viable solution in order secure profitable business  To act autonomously as design authority in support of sales for the project life cycle, from 'suspect' to signing an order to provide fit for purpose solutions  To act as primary technical interface between the business and both existing and prospective customers in order to professionally represent the overall capabilities and offerings of the company.  To respond to and take ownership of the technical elements of high value and complex bids and ITT's in order to provide accurate information within the stringent response deadlines  To articulate and present complex designs, technologies and solutions to both technical and nontechnical customers in order to communicate the associated features and benefits.  To supply relevant documentation (e.g. equipment specifications, diagrams etc.) complying with appropriate quality standards, best practice and company procedure.  To provide product demonstrations as well as technology update training to customers, in order to improve their understanding of proposed solutions.  To maintain a high degree of technical knowledge across a wide portfolio of products and technologies, spanning multiple vendors to support the strategic needs of the business.  To maintain a high degree of awareness of technical market trends and technology areas related to those that customers may wish to adopt, in order to offer both up to date and impartial consultative advice.  To maintain technical relationships with both vendors and internal departments, in order to ensure an effective knowledge framework.  To be aware of, and provide information on the Health and Safety requirements of any design including both technical and environmental considerations.  Adherence to CDM regulations in order fulfil the companies and individuals obligations and reduce risk of injury to onsite personnel