Title: Business Analyst central London
Webindex: 71306595
Company: Lorien Resourcing
Description: Are you a Business Analyst looking for a new role? Would you like to work for an innovative and rapidly expanding organisation? If so, I have a multiple roles available based in central London. The role… You'll be responsible for analysis needed for a major programme or project. Working closely with the business and understanding the needs and drivers of the functions they interface with. As a Business Analyst you'll be an expert in the business processes and technical capabilities and be able to influence the business to drive efficiency in both business and technical processes. Responsibilities Work closely with principal stakeholders, process owners and systems development managers, in order to determine the requirement gathering methodologies for the organisation  Identify individual/business requirements and ensuring proposals have the necessary governance approval, before converting into functional specifications that deliver workable solutions Participate in regular reporting to senior management and governance committees Defend the technical integrity of any proposed solutions at high level forums, relying on a familiarity with Telecom related IT systems architecture Confidently challenge existing methods, whist defending completion of postdelivery business adoption such as technical specification documents, process flows and training material. Understand requirements from business users and translate them into user stories, generate and prioritise work based on business needs Your skills and experience… Experience in the Mobile Telecommunications industry is preferred, but not essential Understanding of how a development and/or network team operates from an endtoend perspective. Ability to interface between business needs and technical delivery capabilities. Managing and driving change based on analysis of quantifiable metrics Analytical problem solving ability Excellent communication, reporting and interpersonal skills Ability to work across crossfunctional and cultural boundaries Adaptable to change and thrives in a fastpaced environment Degree qualified or equivalent If you are a Business Analyst looking for a new and exciting role then please send me your CV asap, along with your salary expectations. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessAnalystcentralLondon_job****