Title: Senior IT Support Engineer  Field Based
Webindex: 68682903
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Senior IT Support Engineer  Field Based Field Based (covering the South East) **** Plus Expenses including Car Allowance As a leading technology provider, our client uses the latest technologies to manage and maintain their customers' IT systems. Operating at the forefront of their industry, they work very closely with a range of schools and businesses, and are now looking to recruit a Senior IT Support Engineer to supervise and deliver field based IT services in the South East of England. This is a great opportunity for a quick learner with technical and supervisory IT support experience looking to further develop their skills within a growing, supportive and dynamic IT company. The successful candidate will be provided with full and ongoing training and will benefit from excellent career progression and promotion opportunities. As a Senior IT Support Engineer, you will be responsible for primarily delivering handson IT support to customers based throughout the SouthEast of England. As such you will be required to maintain and build on your technical skills. Your duties will include:  Liaising directly with customers to ensure that service levels are maintained via a managed service approach  Supervising and allocating work to onsite and offsite technical staff delivering IT Support  Reporting service levels to Management  Assisting with the delivery of new projects, including server, network and workstation implementations To be considered for this position, you must have proven IT technical skills and have experience of supervising support staff. You must also have at least three years' experience with some or all of the following technologies:  Microsoft desktop and server operating systems  Active Directory, group policies WSUS  Packaged software deployment  Printer deployment  Network infrastructures, both wired and wireless  PC and/or server hardware architectures and hardware repairs  Machine builds and ghosting  Virtualised environments Additionally, it is essential to possess a driving licence and have access to your own vehicle. As a Senior IT Support Engineer, you must be a clear and logical thinker with a quality approach to customer service. Additionally, a degree or any IT qualifications, such as an MCSE, MCTS or MCITP would be beneficial. The successful applicant must live within a commutable distance of Leatherhead, or be willing to relocate. To apply for the role of Senior IT Support Engineer, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Senior IT Support Engineer, Field Support Engineer, Senior IT Support Consultant, Senior Technical Support Engineer, Senior Support Engineer, Technical Support Engineer, Senior Technical Support Analyst, IT Support Team Leader, IT Support Team Manager, Senior Technical Support Specialist. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorITSupportEngineerFieldBased_job****