Title: PinPad / EPOS / ATM Tester
Webindex: 68359226
Company: Absolute Solution Limited
Description: Test Analyst, Reading Experience / Knowledge Required  Ideally experienced in the card payments industry  Knowledge of APACS and EMV standards  Experience of M/Chip, and Smartspy  Experience of PA DSS , PA PTS /or PCI DSS standards  Experience of MasterCard PayPass Visa Paywave  ISEB testing qualification an advantage  EPOS  PinPad testing, Chip and pin Background International household name in the Banking sector Job Synopsis Our client is looking for a skilled tester to ensure that card payment software issued to our customers is tested to ensure that it meets the required industry standards and functionality expected by the users. The types of testing will include: Bank/acquirer accreditation testing Regression testing of existing product functionality New feature testing EPoS Integration testing Key Responsibilities/Tasks Please note that these duties and responsibilities are a guideline and by no means comprehensive. Additional tasks may be added on from time to time at the discretion of your Manager/ Director. To follow predefined acquirer accreditation test scripts and record the results clearly and accurately. To liaise with acquirers and product developers to discuss and resolve any issues. To obtain acquirer sign off and approval. To test the installation and configuration elements of the software to ensure they communicate with chip readers and acquirers in accordance with the functional specifications and standards. To write and record the necessary test scripts and procedures for new and existing features and make them available as required. To clearly record any product issues along with supporting trace files and discuss with other team members to achieve a resolution. To ensure any new third party documents received are added to the document library and archive any out of date documents. To update user documentation and manuals as required To review and update the product logging system To occasionally answer telephone calls from system users To maintain an awareness of future software developments on the development schedule and to raise issues within a timescale that is appropriate for development resources. To perform any other tasks as requested by your manager Technical Skills Microsoft Word and Excel – Intermediate level Person Profile Ability to demonstrate a logical and methodical approach Excellent written and oral communication skills Great attention to detail Ability to work under pressure and to changing priorities Ability to deal with repetition and cyclical tasks Empowerment and Accountability Thoughtful Risk Taking Sense of Urgency This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PinPadEPOSATMTester_job****