Title: Head of Digital Marketing (London)  to **** , **** NEW
Webindex: 72678926
Company: Castlethorpe Associates Limited
Description: Head of Digital Marketing (London)  to **** NEW About the company and role: Online digital marketing specialist required to head the marketing strategy and direction for this fast growing brand. You will immerse yourself in the digital marketing and online direction of an innovative online community. With ever increasing web traffic, transactions online and a dedicated community that is fast multiplying, this is a very exciting time to come on board and be the critical component in helping the company move to the front of their market You must be passionate, and dedicated to ensuring continual success of brand visibility and marketing across a competitive online/web environment. Your line management will sit in the CSuite, meaning your ideas will be delivered directly to the board, and you will have huge freedom to deliver on your own vision and strategy for digital marketing. Your main aims will be to:  Design and deliver the online digital marketing strategy  Increase brand awareness  Increase transactions online  Increase visibility, traffic and sales An area for continual improvement in this role is across usability, content and conversion so you should already have some strong experience in this area working with the likes of Google Analytics, SEM, SEO, PPC and Social Media, etc. In order to be considered for this position you must hold the following experience:  Passion for online digital marketing  Ability to design, develop and deliver marketing strategy  Senior level digital marketing experience (management, budgeting, etc)  Google Analytics  SEM (Google, Yahoo, Bing, etc)  SEO and/or PPC  Email Marketing Campaigns  Social Media (Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Google, Pinterest, etc)  Experience managing teams and stakeholders How do I apply? If you would like to apply for this position simply send us your CV now for immediate consideration. We are happy to receive all applications, provided you are able to work in the UK. All successful applicants will be contacted within 24 hours of sending through your CV. Key Words: Online Marketing, Digital Marketing, Online Digital, Marketing Manager, Head of Marketing, Google Analytics, Web Marketing, Online Marketing, Digital Marketing, Online Digital, Marketing Manager, Head of Marketing, Google Analytics, Web Marketing, Online Marketing, Digital Marketing, Online Digital, Marketing Manager, Head of Marketing, Google Analytics, Web Marketing, etc Commutable from: London, Greater London, North London, East London, South London, West London. The City Head of Digital Marketing (London)  to **** NEW