Title: Senior Oracle Systems Manager (EBusiness Suite)
Webindex: 55408385
Company: JOBG8
Description: Oxford Permanent **** A long established global educational services firm with an impressive business model has an urgent job vacancy for a Senior Oracle Systems Officer (EBusiness Suite). The company delivers intricate projects and campaigns for students all over the world. The main focus of the Systems Officer will be to provide regional support to the Oracle Systems Manager, with the implementation, maintenance and uptime of the Oracle EBusiness Suite, Hyperion Planning and OBIEE applications. You will have full autonomy within the role, managing business decisions with total responsibility. Current trading conditions means additional resource is required; the position is entirely new and illustrates established growth within the market place. As Global head of Oracle support your background will enable you to make strategic changes and alterations to the direction of Finance & IT, contributing to the professional standing of both departments, maintaining excellence via system enhancement and previous experience. You will ensure an optimal application environment and data integrity. Whilst managing system configuration, establishing new ledgers and new companies as required, you will communicate system changes to the business and provide support on all levels. The right person will have experience in EBS Release 12, including General Ledger, Cash Management, Fixed Asset, Accounts Receivable, iProcurement, Accounts Payable and Oracle Business Intelligence (OBIEE) however please apply if you feel you have relevant experience. You will demonstrate knowledge of all aspects of the Oracle EBusiness Suite architecture from a technical and functional perspective, understanding the Oracle EBS data structures, APIs and interfacing. You can be expected to be rewarded with large spacious offices and for your commitment you will be remunerated well, with bonus and an expansive package. This is an opportunity with full autonomy, for a confidential, obligation free discussion send your CV today. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at 