Title: Cloud Systems Engineer
Webindex: 71306467
Company: Recruitment Genius Ltd
Description: As part of their expansion plans, they are currently seeking to hire several Systems Engineers with at least 23 years relevant experience who are keen to grow their technical and consulting skills in a rapidly expanding company. If you're passionate about public cloud solutions  as an existing user or as someone who is keen to learn  get in touch They are only interested in those who believe in the value and flexibility that cloud can bring to enterprises. What about the role? They are looking for engineers who are capable of working directly with clients on customer facing projects to deliver the many benefits of cloud solutions. You'll be working predominantly on Amazon and Google related deployment projects. In some projects you may work as the sole technical resource, in others you'll work as part of a team. You will provide the technical wizardry to complement the commercial and planning skills of a Project Manager you will be paired with. Some work will be on site with customers but they are not a typical consulting organisation so you'll spend a lot of time in the office as well where you can share knowledge with your colleagues. You will be working in the following areas (and more):  Green field development of Amazon Web Services infrastructure (EC**** VPC, etc), i.e. looking at an existing service or data centre and then architecting a more effective solution in Amazon  DevOps: Custom system integration work with frameworks such as ChefTechnical deployment and consultancy related to Google Apps for Business  for example designing a complex Single Sign On solution  Google Apps Script development to build complex workflow solutions  Other cloud computing technologies and platforms such as SalesForce and RESTful API integration opportunity to develop and deploy inhouse developed products to their customers  You will be trained and certified on Google deployment best practices, and also provide expert assistance to get you up to speed with Amazon Web Services. What are you responsible for?  Providing systems engineering services to a number of different internal and external customers  potentially taking a lead design role within a small group of engineers  Delivering customer migrations to the cloud  predominantly Google Apps and Amazon Web Services, including related scripting and systems integration work  Developing your skills across our core business lines and ultimately mentoring graduate systems engineers What do you need to bring to the table?  First or upper second class honours degree (BSc/BEng) or Masters equivalent in Informatics, Engineering or Computer Sciences  Highly motivated and proactive. Few people they hire are Google or AWS experts  but they all have the drive and knowledge to learn  Min 23 years of relevant work experience  System administration skill  Scripting experience, eg Python, Perl or Ruby  Detailed experience of Internet technologies, mail systems, domain name systems, web services  Virtualisation knowledge and experience (preferred)  Good planner and communicator (very good spoken and written English)  Excellent numerical and analytical skills Benefits and more  Be one step ahead and work with some of the most exciting new technologies around.  Superb working environment, with a lot of banter and fun.  Broaden your knowledge of food or drink and if you're not up for a wee jaunt to the pub, there's always beer and juice in the fridge.  Be part of a fast growing company where you can make your mark.  25 days  an extra day for each full year worked (max of 30 days) and your birthday off  A MacBook Pro, big screen monitor and your own personal Google Apps domain  Weekly Lunch out with everyone  Fresh, contemporary offices located in Central London and Central Edinburgh  Child care vouchers  Stakeholder pension  Cycle to work scheme This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CloudSystemsEngineer_job****