Title: NET Developer / Web developer / Financial Services
Webindex: 65208786
Company: Big Red Recruitment
Description: Title: .NET Developer / Web developer Salary: Up to **** plus benefits Location: West Midlands ( commutable from Kenilworth, Leamington Spa, Warwick, Stratford upon Avon, Redditch, Solihull, Coventry, Birmingham, Nuneaton, Hinckley, Leicester, Daventry and Banbury.) .net, .net developer, asp.net, vb.net, vb.net developer, asp.net developer, asp.net, html, ajax, jquery, mvc, asp.net, vb.net developer, sql server, agile, scrum, scrum methodology, scrum agile, scrum, agile/scrum, xml, xml/xslt, xml/web services, web development, web developer, web development, microsoft.net, microsoft.net framework, oracle database, sql server Role We require an experienced .NET web developer to join our clients busy development team based in the West Midlands. You will be involved with new business system developments around the finance sector and provide support and maintenance to highly available and secure business systems and on line services. The environment is Microsoft .Net utilising ASP.NET and VB.NET with SQL Server or Oracle databases. You will see the full development project lifecycle working independently or part of a delivery team and will have the ideal opportunity to learn leading edge technologies in a commercial environment. During a typical project you will be briefed by a Business Analyst and you will be responsible for your own technical designs ensuring they are kept in line with the overall architecture of these complex transactional systems. Skills •Strong .NET development experience •SQL Server development skills. •Translating functional specifications into technical designs. •Build robust systems in a disciplined, structured manner following appropriate standards and procedures. •Agile/SCRUM programming methodology. •XML / XSLT •HTML JavaScript and web development Additional skills which would prove advantageous are: •Ajax •JQuery •MVC This role offers tangible progression, an excellent benefits package and personal development second to none all within a great working environment. Company The client is a wellestablished and growing organisation, based in the Midlands (commutable from Kenilworth, Leamington Spa, Warwick, Stratford upon Avon, Redditch, Solihull, Coventry, Birmingham, Nuneaton, Hinckley, Leicester, Daventry and Banbury). How to apply This is an exciting and varied role with the opportunity to further your career development with the .Net framework and also gain new skills. If you are interested in this opportunity please send a copy of your CV to James at Big Red Recruitment. Contact: jameshbigredrecruitment.co.uk .net, .net developer, asp.net, vb.net, vb.net developer, asp.net developer, asp.net, html, ajax, jquery, mvc, asp.net, vb.net developer, sql server, agile, scrum, scrum methodology, scrum agile, scrum, agile/scrum, xml, xml/xslt, xml/web services, web development, web developer, web development, microsoft.net, microsoft.net framework, oracle database, sql server, This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NETDeveloperWebdeveloperFinancialServices_job****