Title: Service Delivery Manager  Kent
Webindex: 71760436
Company: DP Connect
Description: An established Managed Service Provider based in Kent is looking for a confident Service Delivery Manager to join their IT department. The candidate will be the primary point of contact for the client and ensure that the contracted scope of service is delivered effectively and efficiently using the resources allocated to the service and within budget. Responsibilities  Account management and support for the delivery of core services to the agreed Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and to meet all Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).  Engagement with SMEs to assist with the delivery of IT enabled transformation strategies across all sectors.  Establishing priorities, objectives, and procedures. Training and developing each Team member to their full potential, promoting involvement and building the team towards selfsufficiency.  Execute all working practises through the team to ITIL standards.  Work alongside internal and external Customers/Stakeholders to ensure objectives and deliverables are sufficiently monitored and ultimately achieved. To be suitable for this position, you must have the following  Service Architecture, including accurate estimation of service and task pricing, and definition of SLA's and KPI's.  Service Delivery Management using ITIL aligned processes and procedures. .  People management, minimum **** This includes recruitment, mentoring, training, target setting and performance assessment.  The candidate must have experience of differing support models and be able to appraise these against a set of SLA's to select the most appropriate solution for a service.  Experience of supporting solutions in a multiprovider environment would be advantageous.  ITIL Service v**** Expert or v2 Manager Certification would be preferred. ITIL v**** Foundation level certification is highly desirable. This is an exceptional opportunity to work with an industry leading organisation that is continually at the forefront of technology. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ServiceDeliveryManagerKent_job****