Title: Production Engineer (Labview)
Webindex: 71738352
Description: Production Engineer (Lab VIEW) Job Purpose  For manufacturing, repair and test processes and operations:  Ensure their efficiency and effectiveness through interface with Engineering and Operations.  Provide a technical support service for test equipment.  Develop test methods and systems through proactive planning and design.  Constantly strive for improvement in their efficiency and effectiveness for both new and mature product. Responsibilities and Duties  Comply with all Company and personal Health and Safety requirements.  Comply with the requirements defined by the Quality Management System in line with Company objectives and requirements:  Assist with improvements and develop effective production techniques to continually improve the processes and mitigate risks from poor design, build, and test.  Ensure that any method or system produced is fully documented and specified.  Provide an active and effective interface with Engineering to facilitate full manufacturability and testability related input to the integrated design and development process to optimise the manufacturing quality to cost balance.  Assist in the introduction of new products into production ensuring that opportunities to remove all manufacturability issues are identified and actioned before fulltime production commences and to mitigate risks from design oversights.  Liaise with all necessary parties to develop test schedules and hardware, and process documents necessary to embody quality in production units. Qualifications and Experience  HNC/ONC Electronic Engineering and/or Engineering Apprenticeship or relevant experience in electronic engineering, electrical / mechanical assembly techniques, and the ability to demonstrate competence to successfully carry out the requirements of the role.  Good working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Access.  Experience of GPIB control and Lab VIEW programming is essential. Core Competencies and Behaviours  Remain within operating budgets and achieve cost effectiveness savings where possible.  Be able to carry out all activities in a disciplined and professional manner.  Prepare for, attend, actively and constructively contribute to, and complete actions from Company/Department/Cell meetings and improvement initiatives as required.  Be a team player with good interpersonal skills and ability to work with and communicate confidently and persuasively with a wide variety of people, up to senior levels.  Results oriented with good organisational skills and ability to meet deadlines and work under pressure.  Maintain good housekeeping standards within work areas.  Selfmotivated and the ability to work with minimum supervision.  Flexible as some out of hours and weekend working may be required. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy