Title: 2nd/3rd Line Technical Support  Windows,Linux,MySQL,IIS,Cloud/Hosting
Webindex: 70781915
Company: Go Partnership.
Description: My client are a global software and services provider, currently looking for an internal based, client orientated 3rd line support consultant with responsibilities for their Web Services and Data Services Administration. Role responsibilities for Application/Web Hosting;  Deliver web services, data products and support to internal and external clients.  Application and website hosting  To maintain high availability of all web services by speedy responses to all incidents.  To achieve a full understanding of hosting requirements from the customer through meetings and documentation on the portal.  Using log analysis tools and applications, collect and analyse performance statistics on a regular basis in order to perform trend analysis and resource allocation.  To confidently administer cloudbased server environments.  To perform other ancillary roles including support, maintenance, and documentation of products and services.  To support and develop the Software as a Services (SaaS) environment Role responsibilities for Data services and Databases;  To maintain, update, tune and optimize the core database servers.  To ensure that the core database servers are made as resilient and responsive as resources can allow.  To work closely with the Data Consultancy Group in developing existing and identifying new data products and services.  To provide up to date knowledge and expertise on OS and other data products to internal stakeholders via the portal, blog or TechWiki when running under company environments.  To continually reexamine existing processes and procedures in order to identify areas for improvement.  To work with public cloud providers and their own database as a service offerings. The ideal candidate will bring the following;  A broad range of IT experience, with particular emphasis on Windows server based platforms, database and web services.  Experience of IIS or cloudbased computing  Experience of Python or Java  A good working knowledge of Linux  General level DBA experience, ideally with MySQL or other mainstream database. Personal skills will include;  Competent troubleshooter and problemsolver. Must be able to provide constructive solutions, and must take ownership to ensure these are followed through and implemented  Selfstarter. Ability to focus on required routines with minimal direction and supervision  Good interpersonal skills with clients and colleagues, with the ability to communicate clearly using all appropriate media. Must have strong listening and analytical skills, so as to ensure issues are correctly explored, understood and resolved.  Flexible approach to work. An exciting, challenging opportunity within a global software organisation, offering a great environment, cutting edge technologies, excellent career progeession and financial rewards. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/2nd3rdLineTechnicalSupportWindowsLinuxMySQLIISCloudHosting_job****