Title: Support Consultant with accounting or finance software Bristol
Webindex: 66921736
Company: Ambis resourcing Partnership
Description: Applications Support Consultant with accounting or finance software support experience; excellent opportunity to work for a thriving, innovative software company located near the centre of Bristol  basic salary to **** with a bonus of up to 15% based on productivity and company benefits including health care and pension. Fun, lively, professional team environment Come and work for this respected specialist finance software consultancy based in Bristol and gain new skills working with their stateoftheart web based accounting software. This is a true finance product, encompassing accounts payable, purchasing, sales ledger, general ledger, funds control, accounts receivable and management reporting. As part of their growing, lively support team you will need great communication and telephone skills, previous experience of accounting or financial software support and a thirst for learning. They will also consider candidates working in accounting / accountancy with a qualification such as AAT or CIMA and experience of customer service, who would like to move across to the software support side. Reporting to the Support manager, you will join a small, dynamic team dealing with accounting software issues via telephone, email and remote support. You will log and progress your support calls and provide efficient solutions and a fabulous service to your clients. Above all you should love problem solving and enjoy speaking to people. Candidates need previous experience of accounting or financial software solutions such as Pegasus Opera, Iris Exchequer, Coldharbour, PS Financials, Coda, COA, Dynamics NAV, Dynamics GP, SAP Business One, Access Dimensions, SunSystems, Agresso, Sage 200, AccPac or similar. Any accounting qualifications would be an added bonus. They are looking for a bright, articulate, motivated, team player with integrity and professionalism. They provide excellent training on their products, together with a friendly, fun working environment. Please get in touch with Jake King or Carolyn MacLurg at Ambis as soon as possible to find out more about this superb company and its current opportunity