Title: Systems, Planning Asset Manager
Webindex: 72546652
Company: Carrington West
Description: My client is a major global infrastructure consultancy. They have instructed me to recruit a Systems, Planning s framework contract. Responsibilities: The establishment and maintenance of the company s Management Information System to ensure compliance with project requirements and the Company s quality system. Ensure that systems and procedures are in place to meet the required quality requirements. Planning work to ensure effective and efficient use of the company s resources to meet business and client requirements. Interface with the client regarding the Management Information System Day to day management of the administration and technical team on the contract. Liaison with internal design, procurement and operations departments Contribute to the use of the risk framework, identifying and managing potential risks and opportunities Provide timely and accurate input to development projects. Reviewing procurement and customer care to ensure compliance.The Individual: Candidates will be able to demonstrate experience in a similar position with experience of managing a team and delivering essential support service to the business. Candidates will have a proven systems methodology approach, strong IT skills and well developed application capability, taking a handson approach to the establishment and development of systems to support and assist in the management of all elements of the business. Skills A full driving licence is essential; Excellent planning and organisational skills, able to plan and schedule work with a customerorientated and resultsdriven approach. Good systems administration skills including database manipulation and report writing. Excellent knowledge management and analysis skills. Clear and concise oral and written communication skills with the ability to effectively negotiate and influence. Excellent motivation and influencing skills For a full job description and/ further information about this role, please feel free to contact Simon Gardiner at Carrington West  (Apply online only)