Title: PPC Executive (PPC, SEO, Search Engine Marketing)
Webindex: 71564936
Company: Assured Recruitment Solutions
Description: PPC Executive (Retail, Ecommerce, SEO)  Essex / London – c.****K My client, a leading high street and online retailer, has a requirement for a Search Engine Marketing Exec to join their growing ECommerce team. Reporting to the Online Marketing Manager, the Search Engine Marketing Exec will play a key role in developing their online strategy and executing their PPC and SEO activities. As Search Engine Marketing Exec you will manage the P/L of the search engine marketing channel by taking responsibility for planning, optimizing, implanting and analyzing natural paid search engine marketing activities. This will involve campaign planning, implementation, budget management, performance review and optimization of campaigns. You will develop PPC account strategies, roadmaps and execute daytoday tactics to increase revenue, site traffic, conversion and margins across both UK and International markets. Work with different teams to implement SEO recommendations such as: Keyword research and specifications throughout web site pages Site audits for SEO best practice compliance IA and site design Navigation and conversion analysis Link building This is a great opportunity to join a dynamic business with an impressive growth strategy. They currently have 100stores across the UK and are looking to develop their multichannel offering and grow their international profile in the near future. They are now looking for an experienced Search Engine Marketing Exec with a strong background in managing PPC SEO campaigns to come in and play a key part in moving their online marketing strategy forward. Key skills / qualifications Educated to Degree level or equivalent, preferably in a Marketing degree, the Search Engine Marketing Exec should have extensive experience in managing PPC and SEO programs in a retail/agency background. You must have strong analytical skills and candidates with an Analytics certification (e.g Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Yahoo Ambassador) are encouraged to apply A proven trackrecord of managing SEM campaigns internationally and a trackrecord of delivering qualified traffic from both an acquisition and conversion standpoint. Excellent copywriting and editorial skills If you are a passionate, enthusiastic and creative Marketing Exec with proven experience in driving PPC and SEO campaigns in a retail / ECommerce environment, this could be the ideal role for you. Apply now by sending a copy of your CV to danielletaylora ssuredrecruit.com PPC Executive (Retail, Ecommerce, SEO)  London/Essex  c. ****K This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PPCExecutivePPCSEOSearchEngineMarketing_job****