Title: Senior Windows Server EngineerNorth Yorkshire
Webindex: 72128112
Company: LA International
Description: Senior Windows Server Engineer/AnalystYork Salary up to circa ****k plus benefits We are currently recruiting for an experienced Windows Server Engineer to work out of this established Data Centre. Responsible for supporting the platforms installed in the Data Centre in accordance with End User Policy and Procedures Guide, Standard Operating Procedures and Prime Team Procedures. The Server Technician will be expected to provide on call support. Key Responsibilities: Support the platforms in accordance with Network Services End User Policy and Procedures Guide. Ensure that breaches of Security are reported in accordance with the CSIRP. Ensure that platforms are available in accordance with SLA's by actively monitoring the systems with endorsed monitoring applications. Ensure that the monitoring systems are available at all times and that the appropriate thresholds and alerts have been set to ensure system availability. Deploy and Install Critical Security patches to all Servers within you area of responsibility in accordance with Network Services LAN Operations (Standard Operating Procedures). Responsible for platform documentation which includes but is not limited to Network drawings, training documentation, platform support documentation and DR documentation. Ensure that all system logs and audit trail data is archived in accordance with Network Services End User Policy and Procedures Guide, Network Services LAN Operations (Standard Operating Procedures). Perform the role of 1st / 2nd line technical support. Ensure skills are updated by attending the appropriate courses, using reference material, Internet resources and vendor sponsored seminars. Support Issue resolution as and when required, use the Service Manager application to record activities. Provide feedback and updates to the Incident resolution support teams. Participate in the team helpdesk duties, which include manning the phone and monitor a request mailbox Provide on call support within the on call structure. Requirements: Data Centre Experience Proven experience in a hosting environment. Cards Banking Industry Skills: Client facing skills Ability to operate successfully in a multi task environment Strong problem resolution skills Knowledge: Working knowledge of Windows Server platforms  ****/**** Working knowledge of TCP/IP networking  routing, switching and web loadbalancing Working knowledge of Internet facing platforms based on MS IIS or Apache, as well as the hardening of internet facing servers Working Knowledge of three tier platforms Experience of windows high availability clustering knowledge of SAN and NAS based storage Experience of scripting technologies such as VBscript or powershell Experience of SQL Server RDBMS Working knowledge of Host Security Modules within a platform environment Please apply now for further details. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector Gold Awards) This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorWindowsServerEngineerNorthYorkshire_job****