Title: Business Development Executive relocating to Munich
Webindex: 71678400
Company: Pareto Law
Description: Business Development Executive relocating to Munich Munich, Germany **** Basic, **** OTE (uncapped commission) REF: AS2219MUN IT is the future. Be a part of it. What You Do  Looking for a challenge? A longterm career with an innovative, driven and rapidly expanding organisation? Join the worlds leading hosted IT Business Management Software company, renowned for transforming the user experience of IT throughout businesses around the world. A fastpaced, everevolving industry, the IT sales sector can offer endless opportunities for driven and dynamic individuals with the ambition to succeed. Do you have what it takes to drive this business forward into a new era of growth and development? As a Business Development Executive, you will kickstart your role with full bespoke training to equip you with all the tools you need to not only succeed but excel within your position, building your knowledge of the business from the ground up. With responsibility from day one, you will charter your own course for success. This organisation has been voted the BEST PLACE TO WORK year on year, and is recognised as a leading employer who invest in their staff. Alongside the strong social and supportive aspect to the organisation, there are also exciting opportunities for progression, which is fast and actively encouraged. This is an entrepreneurial organisation with a fantastic, vibrant culture and incredible company incentives, ideal for any German graduate looking to launch a longterm career. You bring the drive to succeed: we`ll take care of the rest. Don`t delay. Apply now. What You Get   Competitive salary with excellent OTE  Fantastic progression opportunities  Full bespoke training  Mobile Phone  Laptop  Pension scheme  International travel opportunities  Medical care  100% Bupa  A worldwide launch each year  a huge celebration looking at achievements and future plans for growth  Sales awards within the business  Holiday trips, all expenses paid Last year, winners were taken to the Cayman Islands. This year they will be going to the Bahamas If you are selected you will be eligible for this Do you have what we`re looking for?  Educated to degree level  Essential  Fluent German speaker  Essential  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Essential  Located in, or willing to relocate to Munich  Drive and ambition with the desire to succeed  Full, preferably clean, UK driving licence Don`t miss out. Apply Now. Send us your application via the link quoting reference AS2219MUN. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessDevelopmentExecutiverelocatingtoMunich_job****