Title: Service Provider Voice Sales Engineer
Webindex: 68496439
Company: Henderson Scott
Description: Voice IP Sales Engineer Generally accepted to be Europe's fastest growing telecoms provider, My client owns and operates Europe's most advanced and densely connected voice and data network. Purpose of role: The Voice IP Sales Engineer, working in conjunction with Sales and Sales Development, will be responsible for all technical aspects of bids and solutions, mainly from the Voice services product portfolio, but also from IP and other portfolios where required. The job is heavily technical in nature and the individual will work closely with Sales, Products Services and Engineering groups to ensure that the solutions that offer to customers are focused and aligned to their needs. Although the role is principally technical, it is expected that the successful individual will be able to demonstrate a clear understanding of the bid cycle and will be customer and commercially focused. This post is seen as an integral part of the Sales team and will support and drive the solutions for customer opportunities. The suitable candidate will be making board level technical solution presentations and participating in both technical and commercial negotiations. Responsibilities/Main Duties: Consultation with customers on the design and implementation of their IP based solutions. Leveraging a sound technical skill set, the SE will be able to build credible relationships with clients in support of the Sales team. Where necessary the SE will be expected to assemble and lead a bid team in support of specified sales opportunities. Ensure that designed solutions are technically assured and deliverable. Operate as an internal customer to the Product Management group making sure that they are commercially and technically competitive. From a technical standpoint, support channel marketing, marcoms and sales in focused sales campaigns. Support Sales in the development of technical proposals, presentations and solutions. Produce appropriate technical solution documentation and report regularly to management on the life cycle of all projects, working closely with other areas of the organisation. Thereafter, making recommendations to management in respect of the appropriate technical path for the development of the client relationship. Person Specification: PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS, APTITUDES A team player Open mind to different approaches to service development and deployment Able to work under pressure and on own initiative Able to resolve problems quickly and accurately Positive and approachable Able to demonstrate a high level of trustworthiness Specific Qualifications: Pre/postsales consultancy/network design experience in Service Provider/Operator/Network Integrator. Excellent and practical knowledge of IP and VoIP (specifically SIP and H.**** voice codecs), Local Access Services (xDSL/Ethernet). Cisco experience an advantage, but not essential. Knowledge of Legacy carrier and customer TDM voice networks, including SS****/Q.**** signalling, call routing, billing and reporting. A demonstrable understanding of a number of the following:  MPLS VPNs, QoS, IT Applications and TCP/IP in a LAN/WAN environment, ATM and FR migration to MPLS, Ethernet WANs, Datastorage WANs, Soft Switching, TDM switching, SDH, Access Services, conferencing, Video Streaming, Routing/Switching technologies A demonstrable basic understanding of the carrier services marketplace incorporating technologies and products such as Dark Fibre, CoLo, Metro, Local Access and managed services such as DWDM, SDH and Wavelengths. It is important that the successful candidate will be guided by the business need, rather than the organisational structure and can adapt quickly to changing requirements both internal and external. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Degree in Computing/Electronics/Maths/Physics or equivalent qualification in Data Telecommunications.