Title: Divisional Manager  Technology
Webindex: 69591724
Company: Robert Half
Description: Divisional Manager Technology  Bristol Competitive basic salary and OTE Is this you? Driven, Ambitious, Tenacious, Money Motivated and a Strong Communicator. To be a successful Divisional Manager at Robert Half International you will need to demonstrate ALL of the above. Robert Half International is a dynamic recruitment consultancy to work for, continually seeking new opportunities for growth and expansion via new markets and industries. The UK business is investing into the recently established Technology Business in Bristol. We are looking for a Divisional Manager who can help shape and influence the growth of this business, enjoying the support of dedicated technology leadership and a global brand. We are well placed to grow in the UK post recession and as an result are recruiting an experienced divisional manager. Why work as a Divisional Manager for Robert Half International? A leading provider of specialist recruitment solutions  Times Top 100 Defined career progression opportunities nationally and globally Reward events both nationally and internationally along with annual achievement bonuses Excellent training and development programs A strong ethics first philosophy The Role A Divisional Manager is never the same. The responsibilities below provide a snap shot of what's involved: Proactively establishing the technology brand in your local market In recognition of sustained growth you will have the opportunity to develop and manage your own team To identify new leads and business development opportunities on a daily basis by cold calling Personally accountable for meeting and exceeding challenging sales targets and KPI's A **** recruitment process managing expectations from both clients and candidates Building a strong network of candidates and clients from day 1 If you match the above profile then we can offer you: An exceptional basic salary Competitive commission structure Global and National recognition events for top performers Holiday Purchase Scheme Life Assurance Private Medical Insurance Company Pension Scheme Car Allowance Only apply if you have demonstrable experience within this sector. To find out more about our business visit our website at www.roberthalf.co.uk or contact our Internal Recruitment team directly on **** **** Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DivisionalManagerTechnology_job****