Title: Technical Services Support Officer
Webindex: 71332982
Company: Gravesham Borough Council
Description: This job description is intended as a working document only, giving a guideline to the major tasks to be performed. It is anticipated that the post will develop as working practices change in order to meet the demands of the service, new legislation or policies of the council. It is expected the post holder will contribute to and assist in the development of such changes Job summary Responsible to the Technical Services Manager for the supervision of the PC network facilities and the support of users of the network and Council Members issued with laptops. Responsible to the Technical Services Manager for the supervision of the telephone system and the maintenance of the inventory of hardware and software. Assisting in the maintenance of all procedural documentation. Participation in the system security rota and other operational duties outside of normal office hours. Ensuring general operations are carried out within the Technical Services Team. Monitoring key council systems are operating correctly (databases, email, internet site). Ensuring PC and server systems are up to date in regard to patches, hot fixes and virus signatures. Main responsibilities Network Supervision and PC support Resolving PC and Network problems reported by users allocated from the IT Helpdesk. Setting up new users on the network, changing existing users configurations and installing software on the network. Assisting users with software packages in use on the network, especially office automation facilities (Word Processor, Spreadsheet, Email) and keeping abreast of developments and enhancements in relation to the software in use on the network. Ensuring helpdesk requests are carried out within the timescales of the allocated category. Maintaining good customer relations and carrying out work in accordance with customer needs. Assisting in the preparation of effective backup and contingency procedures in the event of server or network cabling problems. Liaising with suppliers of consumable items to obtain the best price. Ensure invoices for consumables are processed promptly. Ensuring the council is compliant with software licensing, and ordering additional licenses if necessary. Maintaining an inventory of all hardware and software. Ensuring that all documentation relating to network procedures is kept up to date. Checking of email monitoring system to ensure no legitimate messages have been blocked. Maintain the patching of all council systems (PC's and Servers) to ensure they are up to date with vendor supplied patches and hotfixes. Ensure that the councils anti virus and security software is up to date. Providing technical support for the Council’s web site and Intranet. Participating in the weekend security rota involving out of normal hours working. Carry out IT operational duties as required.