Title: Analyst Developer  C, ASPNet, Net,
Webindex: 71199268
Company: TEKsystems
Description: Analyst Developer C, ASP.Net, .Net, C, ASP.Net, .Net, JavaScript, JQuery, Web Services, My client is one of the worlds leading engineering and consultancy firms who deal primarily with blue chip clients such as large scale oil and gas engineering firms. They are currently ranked in the top 3 in terms of revenue and are showing no signs of letting go of their dominance within the market. This is a fantastic opportunity for talented C and Asp.net developers to contribute to their expanding office located in Knutsford. The ideal candidate should have a number of year experience within asp.net and C and will be responsible for delivering applications across a number of different projects. This client offers a competitive salary, package and bonus scheme. This opportunity will present the ideal candidate to work for a market leader, with excellent prospects of career progression. This is a rare opportunity to work in a large corporate environment, without they typical structure of an investment bank, offering a challenging role within a vibrant team. Only the best candidates should apply for this role and should posses strong communication skills, and candidates should be capable of working to deadlines. The technologies in direct importance to this role are; C ASP.Net .Net This role is urgent so please submit your CV to gakellyteksystems.co.uk Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.