Title: Contract Test/QA Analysts x**** (ETL/SQL)
Webindex: 66924446
Company: i4 Recruitment
Description: Test/QA Analysts x****  Luton Bedfordshire  SQL/ETL  experience (**** per day) 6 months contract  ISEB Qualified Job Purpose The Test Analyst is responsible for completing activities of the testing effort within a given project team. This involves identifying and executing the necessary tests through the production of test scripts, along with logging the outcomes of that testing. Additional responsibility is the authoring of test plans, and the production of estimates, schedules and priorities for their assigned tasks/products. The Test Analyst will support the Test Team Lead in delivering test services and products to the Project Manager. Core Responsibilities Production and execution of test scripts/suites of test cases, authoring of estimates, risk analysis test data under the direction of the Test Team Lead and within working practices and standards. Logging observations discovered in verification of test execution  recovering from these , and analyzing their causes. To develop and maintain an indepth knowledge of specific product areas. Attending project meetings, document walkthroughs, reviews and inspections for user requirements and other project documents. Development of a thorough knowledge of the software development life cycle. General Conditions and Responsibilities Make their TTL and Project Manager aware of training and resource issues affecting performance. Keeping their TTL and Project Manager informed of any issues that could affect delivery schedule. Maintain a positive attitude, ensuring they and others follow correct procedures at all times. Act in a professional manner and maintain the companies reputation at all times Key competencies Required ETL/SQL or Datawarehouse exp Diagnostic and problemsolving skills ISEB/ISTQB foundation certificate Well organised and self motivated Excellent team player (within both large and small teams) A positive cando attitude, and the ability to stay calm under pressure SQL ability Defect Management Tool Experience (Bugzilla / Fogbugz) Team Player Desirable Training and/or experience in the use of test automation tools (Smart Bear QA Complete and Test Complete or similar) Knowledge of the area s where products and services are used. Proficient user of SQL Other specific business practice experience (e.g. data warehousing etc) Knowledge of networking and system architecture Programming and debugging skills Experience of working with Web Services Experience in the use of Distributed Applications and Client/Server products