Title: Java Developer, Java Software Engineer, Java, J****EE
Webindex: 68626628
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing
Description: Java Developer, Java Software Engineer, Java, J****EE An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Java Developer, Java Software Engineer to join my global marketleader based near Bristol. The successful Java Developer, Java Software Engineer will be responsible for contributing towards a number of System Integration and Development projects. My client seeks a Java Developer, Java Software Engineer who possesses extensive experience of Java EE technologies. The successful Java Developer, Java Software Engineer will be required to undertake efficient software development utilising appropriate design and implementation methodologies. Upon completion the Java Developer, Java Software Engineer will also be responsible for producing technical and user documentation, and provide support for software releases and patches as and when required. It is essential that the successful Java Developer, Java Software Engineer has extensive knowledge of Web based application development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX. The ideal Java Developer, Java Software Engineer will have the following skills and experience; . J****EE technologies . Web based technologies HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and AJAX . Produce technical and user documentation . Provide support for software releases It is essential that candidates must be eligible to obtain UK Security Clearance. Ideally the candidate will live within commutable distance; this position is commutable from Bath, Swindon, WestonsuperMare, and Cirencester. This really is an excellent opportunity to get involved in a number of extremely important projects across the full development life cycle. If you are an experienced Java Developer looking for a role with variety and responsibility, then send your CV to me now for immediate consideration. The salary for this role is up to ****  Benefits if you feel that this is not quite enough for you, please send me your CV anyway as we might have other roles that could be of interest. Referral Scheme: If this role isn't for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT. If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford's leading IT Recruitment agency. With exclusive access to some of the region's most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business.