Title: Nonfunctional Test Lead
Webindex: 71187229
Company: DCV Technologies Limited
Description: Nonfunctional Test Lead Title: Nonfunctional Test Lead Salary: Up to ****  Flexible Benefits Location: Manchester – Can be Birmingham Based. Skills: Testing, Nonfunctional, OAT, Operational Acceptance Testing, compatability, compliance, endurance, load, performance, recovery, scalability, usability, stress, volume, test Role or Task description: Experienced Non Functional Tester Lead, required to do a hands on role for various test stages/phases, mainly System Integration testing and Operation Acceptance testing, working as part of an existing Nonfunctional test team. The team tests applications based upon the requirements of the clients applications portfolio. Key responsibilities will include the following :  Develop and document test plans that are appropriate for an individual project/change.  Develop and document Test Scripts that are appropriate for an individual project/change.  Execute the Tests, identifying and capturing any defects.  Liaise with various key project personnel to get an adequate understanding about the project scope and testing requirements.  Liaise with various technical SMEs Project Technical Architect/s to review the test results.  Provide regular progress reporting to the Team Manager.  Work with the Test and Integration team, Project Manager/s, Application Support team, client stakeholders, thirdparties and with other project stream leaders across the project lifecycle  Provide input ino the Test Exit/Evaluation report for each test stage  Support the Non Functional Test Team Manager to manage the testing repository on teamroom/s containing electronic copies of various test deliverables viz. Test Cases, Test Results, Defect Log, progress reports, etc. Technical Skills required: Mandatory:  Hands on role with ability to write execute test cases.  Ability to define nonfunctional test scope identify create high level nonfunctional test cases  Hands on role with ability to write execute test cases.  Good level of understanding of performance testing  Adequate awareness of current technologies.  Desirable:  Working understanding about the Configuration Release Management  Understanding of and ability to effectively use HP QC tool to maintain testing deliverables, and to report on testing progress.  Basic understanding about penetration/security testing  ISEB Practitioner, ISTQB advanced level or equivalent in Test Analyst/Management Business Skills: Mandatory:  Self starter and flexible team player with good leadership interpersonal skills  Demonstrates attention to detail can work on own initiative and Excellent communicator at all levels with strong negotiation and conflict management skills, with the ability to influence others.  Excellent analytical problem solving skills involving process improvement recommendations.  Proven experience in testing, assessing requirements with a good understanding of test techniques, metrics and some statistical analysis, different test lifecycles and the infrastructure required to support test execution.  Strong client facing skills, with the ability to understand their key drivers  Desirable:  Ability to gain domain knowledge about EA applications.  Understanding about application support organisation Additional Information: The location for this resource is flexible but there will be travel to Sale and Aston plus the client site at Warrington Many technologies including:  Apache/Weblogic/Oracle DB (ntier apps)  Apache/Tomcat/Oracle DB (ntier apps)  HPUX Platform  SUSE Linux Platform  VB / MS Access / MS FoxPro  FTP  MS SQL Server  Weblogic Integration Hub Distributed Data File transfers  SOA technologies including Tibco  Legacy technologies  Desktop application components associated to the above technologies Title: Nonfunctional Test Lead  Salary: Up to ****  Flexible Benefits  Location: Manchester – Can be Birmingham Based.  Skills: Testing, Nonfunctional, OAT, Operational Acceptance Testing, compatability, compliance, endurance, load, performance, recovery, scalability, usability, stress, volume This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NonfunctionalTestLead_job****