Title: Software Test / QA Lead
Webindex: 71444171
Company: Able and Cole
Description: Software Test / QA Lead based in Wimbledon, London ,Holidays: 22 days (rising to **** with service) plus bank holidays, Benefits include: contributory pension scheme, free fruit and veg, 35% staff discount, bicycle scheme Software Test / QA Lead based in Wimbledon, London, in this newly created role we are seeking an experienced Software Test / QA Lead with good issue management, organisation and leadership skills with solid testing experience gained in an Agile environment. The Company Abel Cole is an awardwinning online food retailer based in south London. Famous for our seasonal organic fruit veg boxes, we deliver a wide range of excellent organic food to around **** people s homes across London and the South, the Midlands and the Northwest. No air freight, no silly packaging, no nasty chemicals  just great food produced by people who really love what they do. We are proud of our company culture, which combines friendliness, supportiveness and humour with outstanding levels of achievement at work. Our achievements would not have been possible without a fantastic website, supported by comprehensive bespoke inhouse systems. Based on modern Microsoft technologies, our software systems are used to manage all aspects of our business from customers to products, warehousing to delivery. The Role In this high profile and varied Software Test / QA Lead role you will carry out a mix of issue analysis, sprint, release and test planning and management, plus manual and automated testing and test development. The role also relies on significant interaction with nontechnical staff as you will manage the maintenance and support relationship for the development team. Your Skills In order to be successful in the Software Test / QA Lead role you need to be an expert in Web and Software testing and have previous experience of issue management tools such as Gemini, Jira or Team Foundation Server. Knowledge of source control systems such as Subversion, Git or TFS and/or experience with test automation tools would be an advantage. You will need to be an organised individual who can demonstrate and articulate an understanding of modern systems architectures and technologies, issue management and incremental development methodologies. The position is ideal for any ambitious Software Test / QA Lead looking for a chance to employ their valuable skills and expand their commercial experience and skillset in a unique business. You may currently be a software test lead, test manager, testing manager, testing / QA manager, software QA engineer, software tester, software quality assurance manager, quality assurance analyst, senior QA analyst, system testing analyst You can commute for this IT project Manager job, London based role to Wimbledon, Earlsfield, Haydon s Road, Tooting, or Colliers Wood stations and be on the Northern or District tube lines.