Title: IT Security Officer
Webindex: 68181511
Company: Minstrell Recruitment Ltd
Description: IT Security Officer Role The ITSO role is seen as a specialist IT function and should be undertaken by an IT professional whom must have a sound understanding of all aspects of information security. The primary area of responsibility shall be at the ITSO s designated home site, due to the geographical spread of the Marine s will be required to provide support to other Marine The ITSO is responsible for judging the correct balance between the protection of company IT systems security and the need for the continuity of IT system service to support the delivery of the business. This will require the ITSO to promptly evaluate and make decisions on immediate responses to threats to protect the business. The ITSO will then be responsible for the provision of balanced recommendations to the site Security Manager, SIRO and JCU for longer term actions to protect company IT systems, security accreditation and reputation and business continuity. Develop a security roadmap with clearly defined milestones and objectives which will mature (Keynsham) operations and reduce risk and exposure based on an established security framework of Security Standards. Conduct ongoing assessments of the Company s information protection measures. Work closely with key stakeholders regarding the design and implementation of new project and service requests to develop solutions which meet those requirements while ensuring that corporate information security objectives are maintained. Develop and maintain accreditation and a set of customer documents (non Picasso environments), Risk Managed Accreditation Document Set (RMADS) which outline our security and risk management status. Maintain IT security policy, procedures, standards, and guidance consistent with Departmental and legal requirements. Assessing compliance with the systems, policies, and procedures, and driving remediation where noncompliance exist, liaising with the ITIM Audit Manager. Imposing sanctions and restorative actions to regain compliance. Will oversee the IT Infrastructure Business Continuity programs and will coordinate the program with the domain stakeholders. Act as the Keynsham Site central point of contact for all IT security incidents, develop local IT incident handling procedures, and report all incidents to the responsible incident response authority. Participate as a member in the company IT Security Working Group. Qualifications/Experience Degree, equivalent qualification or relevant working experience. Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), by the International Information Systems Security Certification Consortium. Experienced in ISO27001, Information Security Management System. Must be able to analyse business IT requirements, identifying any security risks, and where possible mitigating them, providing recommendations to SIRO and the site Security Manager. Must be able to identify IT security incidents, utilising server logs and other appropriate tools. The ITSO will be required to make decisions on IT security incidents. Maintaining integrity and confidentiality. Must be able to deal effectively and professionally with pressure to protect company s IT infrastructure and systems from threats, and capably perform whilst managing and prioritizing work in stressful situations which may impact on business delivery. Able to quickly assimilate knowledge of technologies and products (technical individual with domain expertise and credibility). Able to work with individuals of varying degrees of technical understanding; able to adjust communication to target audience. Must be able to maintain effective working relationships at all levels of the organisation. Requires effective interpersonal skills including facilitation skills and conflict resolution. Skilled at drafting policies/procedures and gaining consensus through negotiation. The ITSO will be required to work independently with minimal supervision. The ITSO is required to liaise directly with MoD authorities and company authorities. Experience in computer forensics, information warfare and, cybercrime is highly desirable. Strong technical domain expertise with IT infrastructure, networks, systems, and hosted services would be an advantage. The ITSO must hold an appropriate security clearance of Developed Vetting (DV) and protective briefing(s) sufficient to access all areas in the site in order to deal with any incidents that may arise on systems therein. The successful candidate may be required to complete a medical assessment. Please apply direct