Title: Tecnical Support Engineer  Linux
Webindex: 68076201
Company: Focus Resourcing Group
Description: You will be responsible for 1st level technical support to our clients managed hosting customers, assisting them with their server, application, networking and hardware requests, providing a high standard of proactive customer service. Working closely with the Systems administrators, role would suit aspiring SysAdmins looking for experience in a fastpaced hosting environment. The role: Providing IT guidance, advice and information to external customers ensuring continuous high quality technical support within the live data centres. Primary focus is on administering Linux servers but there is expectation on managing Windows environments too. Work with enterprise technologies such as Microsoft, VMWare, HP, etc. Manage, categorise, and prioritise all 1st level tickets within agreed SLA; these include problems, queries, remote hands and requests. In addition, ensuring all escalation procedures are followed. Ensure the security and confidentiality of information and services is maintained at all times. Assist with provisioning and project work when required (including but not exclusive to) product evaluations, development of new technical services and improvement of support processes. Ensure continual improvements are made by providing documentation of incidents. The person Educated to HND/BTEC as a minimum in relevant discipline, or equivalent. Technical phone support experience is desired or previous experience of working within a technical support team environment. Exhibit working knowledge of basic systems administration of Linux Basic Windows server administration beneficial A good telephone manner and friendly approach. Excellent standard of written and spoken English. A driven, committed flexible approach to work is essential with a personal and technical range of skills to meet the company need. Must be a team player but also able to work on own initiative. Ability to work well to deadlines and under pressure. Basic networking/routing, server hardware. Special conditions: Shift work including days nights and weekends Moving between local sites is required, full clean driving licence would be an advantage. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TecnicalSupportEngineerLinux_job****