Title: Systems Engineer Get Banking
Webindex: 68806967
Company: Alexander Black Recruitment Limited
Description: Infrastructure Support Engineer Fantastic opportunity for a solid junior candidate looking for more experience in finance to join a dynamic, vibrant IT Support company Our central London based client is the major player in financial outsourced infrastructure support; their clients are all the major banks and funds and they have established a reputation for fast effective and professional support. As a Support Engineer you will be travelling to client sites, in and around the London area, to deal with issues which require an onsite presence. This may also involve spending periods of time as a secondment engineer permanently based at a client s site or supporting onsite project work. You will be working closely with the client primarily as well as the Wavex Service Desk and Senior Team to help resolve any outstanding IT related onsite issues for different clients. You will also have the chance to work alongside Senior Engineers to support projects work. You will be responsible for implementing and maintaining all aspects of the clients customers technology. This includes daily support incidents, desktop and server troubleshooting, hardware/software installation and upgrades, new infrastructure build outs and relocations The ideal candidate must have good technical experience around the Windows family of products, including core aspects of troubleshooting, performance, monitoring, and general administration. Candidates MUST have:  At least 2 years experience in a client facing support role. (Dont have it dont bother)  Excellent communication and organisation skills.  A confident and proactive approach.  Knowledge of Microsoft Exchange **** Active Directory administration, DHCP, DNS, VPN, WSUS and Group Policy.  VMware and ESXi.  Citrix  Windows Server  Peripheral devices; e.g. Network Printers, ADSL Routers, Wireless routers. LAN Switches.  Good knowledge of Symantec Endpoint.  Knowledge of BES.  Experience in Juniper firewalls.  Experience with Blackberry s and other handheld devices. As you will be clientfacing within high profile financial organisations on a daytoday basis it is imperative that you have the highest level of presentation, communication and professionalism. My client runs a flexible **** hour day so you will be expected to work **** hours each day either starting or finishing late. In return you will be offered a competitive salary with an amazing benefits package including medical and dental insurance, pension scheme, travel and training allowances, annual season ticket loan and corporate gym membership. On top of this you will be working in a fun, and innovative working environment in the heart of London s Soho The company encourage a positive and outgoing working culture; they have Health Wellbeing events, Wavex sports teams (currently football, cricket, softball, triathlon), regular trips away / nights out and they even have an office chill out area complete with pool table, footballtable and games consoles (and a fully stocked drinks fridge). Please do not apply if you do not have at least one of the Microsoft Certifications as mentioned above If you fit the bill and the culture appeals to you then please send your most recent CV to DjamillaKelly Millns at d.millnsalexanderblackrecruitment.co.uk