Title: IT Data recovery Technician
Webindex: 72239601
Company: Baltic Training Services
Description: We have the perfect opportunity to offer a placement to work with our Data Recovery and Forensic Data Recovery Unit, located in Stafford, Staffordshire. You will learn in a live environment; data recovery and analysis skills applicable to a wide range of digital devices, such as; Hard Drives USB Pens Camera Cards and other solid state media RAID devices Servers Mobile Phones You will work supervised with live client data. Due to legal reasons you will not be able to partake in and live forensic cases but will be able to observe any such cases from start to finish. Job Role will include: Analysing Hard Drives, USB devices and other digital storage devices using various specialist software and hardware to retrieve lost data. Answering the phone and interacting with customer/client enquiries regarding technical issues, or telephone enquiries Tracking of Datawreck property (return media drives) once issued to a client Data transferring from system to system Invoicing and tracking payment for a job once complete, along with keeping clear and concise case notes for each job worked on. Training to be provided Level 3 Diploma IT Professional Level 3 Advanced Diploma in Systems and Principles Level 2 key skills (Literacy and Numeracy) CISCO IT Essentials MTA (Microsoft Technical Associate certification) For the candidates with the greatest ability and aspirations CompTIA A and MCTS (Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist) may also be offered. Maths, English and ICT at GCSE grade AC (or equivalent). Any ICT qualifications and experience you have should be listed at application in order to give your application the best advantage. Good technical awareness and demonstrable all round computer skills, either self taught or through certification. You must be keen to learn and to fit in to the working environment. Confident Professional Flexible Team Player Ambitious/Drive Excellent time keeping (punctual, organised, manages time effectively) Proactive approach to work Quickly picks up new skills Your goal should be to continuously develop your professional skills and to strive for a permanent role within the company. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITDatarecoveryTechnician_job****