Title: Technical Analyst  Desktop X****
Webindex: 67771679
Description: Technical AnalystDesktop Coventry ******** Are you looking to develop and improve within a professional and successful FTSE 100 company? We are currently recruiting for a permanent Technical AnalystDesktop to provide technical support and project delivery across the STW Infrastructure environment for Enterprise Technologies including Unix, Sequel, Storage and backups. Ensuring Service Delivery meets the current and future need of the business. The Technical AnalystDesktop has an important part to play: The management, support & administration of STW IT Infrastructure & Services Undertake installation and decommissioning of STW Infrastructure to established procedures and quality systems Maintaining levels of service with reference to published and agreed SLA's Liaison with third parties and peer support groups Monitor and review service performance at a component level e.g. Application Server, production of reports including recommendations. Carry out quality assessments of technical implementation plans and solution designs ensuring feasibility of delivery and ongoing support in a live environment Adherence to all STW processes including the raising and approval of Change Controls, updating of Problem records etc. Provides project support to the Technical Delivery function as required. Able to work unsocial hours when required which may include short durations away from home e.g. DR exercises The Technical AnalystDesktop will have experience: Considerable experience of maintaining and supporting an expanding complex IT Infrastructure. Deep technical knowledge of at least 1 technology area to 'Expert' level appropriate to the STW environment e.g. Microsoft, Solaris, Oracle etc. Experience of planning and implementing maintenance activities including planning and negotiating associated system outages. Considerable experience of working in a technical services environment delivering 2nd/3rd support and management capability including the use of system management and monitoring tools or some experience of project delivery (technical implementations) with the ability to contribute to the improvement, efficiency and effectiveness of the overall delivery process. The Technical AnalystDesktop must demonstrate: Problem Solving  Proactively diagnosing and solving incidents & problems to give a right first time resolution. Planning & coordination skills including dependency management (technical dependencies) Requires a flexible approach to work with the ability to use initiative to achieve results. Stakeholder Management including but not limited to Project Managers, Support personnel, Business users. Good communication skills at all levels  Senior & Middle Management, Peers & Colleagues, business users etc. A proven team player with the ability to assist the development of staff and colleagues of differing technical abilities and skills Qualifications: Recognised vendor accreditation in a technical specialist area e.g. Microsoft, Cisco, SUN Solaris, Oracle etc. ITIL Foundation certificate A full driving licence will be required as will require travel maybe necessary within the Severn Trent Water region. About Our Client Severn Trent Water serves over eight million customers across the heart of the UK, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the Humber and from midWales to the East Midlands. As a FTSE 100 company, they can offer a wide range of career opportunities and attractive benefits. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us