Title: Project Manager  Mobile Applications
Webindex: 69076821
Company: SolTech, Inc.
Description: Are you looking for a unique environment that rewards performance and encourages work life balance? SolTech may be the place for you. At SolTech, we believe that a strong work ethic and a healthy work life balance go hand in hand. Quality of life is important to us and our employees. So, if you have a passion for your work, are inspired by the latest technologies, and thrive in an environment where values are shared and the client comes first, SolTech is a place for you. Job Description The project manager we are seeking has experience managing application development projects, communicates extremely well, and is comfortable working with large clients. Experience in working with mobile applications and integration projects is highly preferred. You will provide the proactive and vital link between our client, developers and management team. The Project Manager prepares project plans, and drives the success of our efforts. You will be a key participant in client communications and status updates. Required Skills A degree and ideally professional certifications in project management. 5  years experience delivering complex software solutions in both project management and business analysis roles. Excellent oral and written communication skills. High level of proficiency in PM methodology practices and tools. Consultative presence and proven ability to add value in clientfacing roles. SolTech employees enjoy the benefits of working for a successful and stable company which offers a comprehensive benefits package, including health, dental and disability insurance, ****k, paid time off, flexible work hours and a business casual environment. Interested applicants may apply by sending your Resume. SolTech, Inc. is a leading provider of custom software solutions and project management support in Atlanta, GA. The company was founded in **** with a commitment to deliver the highest quality results by combining strong business expertise and technical proficiency with exceptional project management skills. SolTech provides project management and development of webbased and mobile solutions to any size business looking to utilize technology as a means to grow their business.