Title: Oracle BI & Reporting Project Manager (Oracle BI, Reporting, Discovere
Webindex: 68628155
Company: Axica Recruitment
Description: Oracle BI Reporting Project Manager (Oracle BI, Reporting, Discoverer, BI Publisher, Oracle Applications, Prince**** SDLC, PM) Axica Recruitment is currently looking for an Oracle BI Reporting Project Manager to join a major end user in the North of England. My client is a market leader in its field, with over 4 million customers annually and over **** employees in the UK. Due to a major upgrade/implementation project, the need for an Oracle BI Reporting Project Manager to join the existing team has arisen. Responsibilities: Development of business case based upon existing BI Reporting Strategy Development of Project Initiation Documentation and supporting project plan Overall plan, daily management and problem resolution. Monitor and maintain the project plan Development of contingency plans Resource planning of the overall project. Monitoring performance in respect of quality, milestone delivery and budget expenditure. Identification, monitoring and managing dependencies between work streams. Preparation and allocation of work packages to project team(s) Reporting and coordinating work of workstreams. Manage production of the required products Responsible for change control and any configuration management Prepare any followon action recommendations required Provide support and advice required for the management, planning and control of the project Be responsible for project administration Liaise with the suppliers in order to maintain progress in line with the project plan Key Skills/Experience: Strong Project Management experience Strong technical background required Experience of working with Oracle BI/Reporting products eg Discoverer, BI Publisher Practical experience of working on a similar Business Intelligence/Reporting project is preferable Must be familiar with all aspects of the traditional development life cycle Must have a minimum of five years working with Oracle applications Should be degree educated and hold a current PRINCE **** accreditation (Practitioner level preferred) My client anticipates the project length to be 2 years, though due to the size and scope of the company, permanent opportunities or contract extensions are a distinct possibility. There is also a great deal of flexibility regards location, with possible locations including Leeds, Sheffield, Newcastle, York and Middlesbrough. Please apply below, or forward an up to date CV onto Simon Thomson for an initial screening. Oracle BI Reporting Project Manager (Oracle BI, Reporting, Discoverer, BI Publisher, Oracle Applications, Prince**** SDLC, PM)