Title: Principal Business Anaylst
Webindex: 71565219
Company: Outsource UK Ltd
Description: Position: Principal Business Analyst Job type: Contract Skills: Negotiation skills, analytical and problem solving Location: Guilford Rate: **** p/hour Ltd Outsource UK Ltd are actively seeking to recruit for a contract role on behalf of a client. The Client:World leader in defence markets The Job: The role of a Business Analyst is to carry out requirements management, process development and businesschange, across a number of concurrent projects within the IS Programme. The Principal Business Analyst reports into the BA Team Lead. Responsibilities Project Delivery Perform BA duties on Perform BA duties on large and/or business critical projects, either as the sole BA, orthrough managing **** or more BAs. With sufficient Business and methods knowledge and credibility to successfully negotiate requirements with multiple senior stakeholders. Support the project manager to meet delivery dates by assisting in the formulation and estimation of the BA tasks within the endtoend project plan. Collect, analyse and gain approval for business requirements. Develop and gain approval for functional and nonfunctional IS requirements. Conduct the change management process, ensuring that change requirements are captured accurately and that impact analyses are collected and consolidated. Quality assure design documentation to assure traceability to requirements Develop a project process change plan, then document any new or updated business or operational processes required. Support third party outsourcing through delivery and maintenance of requirement specifications. Support delivery of the test strategy, gathering input from the Business, technical architects, engineers,operations and the PM. Produce a plan for User Acceptance Testing (UAT), ensuring traceability to requirements Support execution of UAT, working closely with operations and Business staff as required. Develop training material where necessary, and train out to impacted parties. Develop communications plans and draft communications as necessary. Capture and analyse customer feedback from prototype and pilot exercises, chairing user groups where necessary. Support the Project Manager through production of estimates for BA tasks, and through providing status reports for BA activities. The Individual Essential Experience of working with a property project, including infrastructure and/or facilities projects. Experience of working on infrastructure projects, with a familiarity with relevant technologies including security / firewalls, servers and virtualisation, clientside technology, local and wide area networking, switches, load balancers. Desired Knowledge Experience of gathering and documenting business requirements for technical projects, including leading workshops for requirements and business process capture Demonstrable experience of working within a structured IT Project environment Demonstrable evidence of analysing and documenting complex business processes A proven track record in BA work within IT projects End to end experience of the project lifecycle Experience of delivering work streams across multiple simultaneous projects Proven experience interacting directly with end users and technical project teams Skills Comfortable engaging with stakeholders to Director level Highly process aware, with evidence of actively contributing to continuous improvement of project processes Excellent interpersonal skills Strong presentation skills, including the ability to lead workshops and training sessions Excellent communication skills, able to produce concise and accurate summary reporting, as well as communicating effectively and clearly with internal and external stakeholders Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Excellent negotiation skills with stakeholders, vendors and suppliers Ability to articulate tasks required to deliver a solution from a high level design document To hear about other opportunities email Richard Smillie on rsmillieoutsourceuk.co.uk or call **** **** **** We welcome referrals  do you know anyone we could help? Outsource UK Ltd is an 'Award Winning' specialist IT/Engineering Recruitment Firm providing a customized consultative service for contract, interim and permanent roles. Please visit our website www.outsourceuk.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PrincipalBusinessAnaylst_job****