Title: BCM (Business Continuity) and Compliance Manager
Webindex: 69042368
Company: Greythorn
Description: BCM (Business Continuity), Information Security and Compliance Manager Scope A global leader in the technology field based in Cambridge is looking for an individual to lead activities surrounding global Information security compliance obligations, Business Continuity Management and Standards Compliance. This role will address all ISO, Sox, Audit, process and efficiency reviews and focus on driving improvements in how it delivers information security compliance during a period of unprecedented growth. Individuals applying for this role need to be able to deliver frameworks and processes that yield the control necessary where the protection of IP is critical to future success. These processes need to reflect the agile and collaborative nature of the business culture and the speed of evolution which is currently facing the company. The role also involves helping IT mature it's compliance framework in a way that ensures ongoing ISO certification and active integration of key security requirements in the company's ITIL process framework and project portfolio. Additionally there is a clear expectation that the Information Security and Compliance Manager will work with other business leaders to ensure that security is adequately incorporated into strategic planning, operational planning, enterprise architecture and service delivery initiatives. This is an important role with considerable scope and autonomy. Individuals applying for the role will need to have the prerequisite qualifications and experience. The compliance focus of the role needs to be balanced with a fluent understanding of technology and the IT industry. The challenge will be to acquire enough of both skills to provide the balance that the IT leadership needs and be able to advise and support a rapidly growing business with diverse and demanding IT requirements. An engaging personality and collaborative style are keys to success in this role and some travel may be required Education Qualifications 2:**** or equivalent in a relevant degree. Relevant security qualification Essential Skills Experience Ability to work to deadlines Motivated to selfmanage Ability to learn new concepts and skills quickly Attention to detail in order to deliver high quality verbal and written communications Confident presenting and able to influence colleagues Ability to solve complex problems and experience of a leadership position Commercial awareness Experience in some of the following areas: Detailed knowledge of IT security and compliance issues. Solid understanding of key ISO standards. Familiar with ITIL and other IT process best practices. Understanding of how a corporate IT department operates. Extensive IT skills and experience with automated compliance tools Sound presentation and communication skills. Ability to create strategies, plans and action points and drive all three to an outcome. Desirable Skills Experience Previous work experience within an IT or engineering environment would be an advantage Interest in the IT industry and an understanding of the challenges facing the industry would be useful. Detailed understanding of ISO 20000, ISO 27000, ISO 22301 and PMI or PRINCE2 Experience in month and period end close procedures. Experience in audit and regulatory compliance issues and obligations. Demonstrable experience in working as an accountant in either public or private practice. Package Up to **** basic Shares (Restricted Share Units) at the discretion of the organisation Holdings plc Private medical insurance Life assurance Contributory pension Annual bonus scheme Relocation expenses as appropriate If you are a subject matter expert looking for your next career move into a progressive and cutting edge organisation then please forward me your CV for immediate consideration This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BCMBusinessContinuityandComplianceManager_job****