Title: Project Office Coordinator  London
Webindex: 68180967
Company: Harris Global
Description: Project Office Coordinator, London, Excellent opportunity has arisen for a Project Office Coordinator to join a global organisation based in London who invest in staff and believe in organic growth. Suitable Project Office Coordinators will be responsible for the following. RESPONSIBILITIES  To manage and track resource utilisation and forecast expectation against actuals  To manage the purchase ordering process and project budgeting process  To provide administrative support to the Group Director of IS  To develop robust tracking processes to ensure that costs are contained within the budget and specifically ensure forecast spend remains within budget. You will be responsible for tracking both opex and capital project spend.  Challenge IS Managers on their planned expenditure and work to identify opportunities for reducing costs. You will be responsible for testing the current and planned expenses against budget to ensure managers remain within their allocated expenditure  Develop a simple resource forecasting system to track staff allocation to budgeted projects  To control the procurement of equipment and services following a formal purchase order process.  To liaise with Group Finance to ensure accurate accounting of expenditure.  Carryout various administrative functions as directed by the Group IS Director, including for example: planning department meetings, chasing actions, preparing capital expenditure requests, ensuring business unit compliance to IT security and IT operational practices.  Work exclusively for the Group IS Director providing executive support as necessary including preparation of board papers and presentations as needed. Essential skills our as follows  Organised and strong at planning with experience of IT projects  Comfortable at working with confidential information  Confident communicator able to challenge IT managers on their proposed spend and ensure that they follow the correct procurement procedures  Understanding of IT equipment and procurement practices  A superuser in Excel is essential. Good Experience of word, and powerpoint is desirable. Please call or send me your CV for immediate interview.