Title: ASPNet Developer MVC Agile
Webindex: 71901345
Company: Client Server Ltd.
Description: Job Role: C ASP.Net Developer Location: Surrey (RH) Salary: ****k to ****k  bonus  benefits ASP.Net Developer / Web Programmer (Agile TDD Pair Programming C). Global leading financial software house is seeking a skilled ASP.Net Developer / Web Programmer to design and develop the front end of key strategic software solutions sold into major banks, insurance firms and financial institutions worldwide. You will be working in a Microsoft environment (multitiered, foundation of ASP.Net, MVC**** and SQL Server) with Agile / SCRUM methodologies in a highly collaborative, informal yet professional environment. This is a superb opportunity to join a massively successful company that is expanding due to growth, fantastic career growth opportunities available. Requirements:  Experience with web technologies  ASP.Net, C, MVC, AJAX, HTML, CSS  Good interface design skills, accessibility, usability, crossbrowser issues  Experience across a breadth of software engineering activities: requirements gathering, analysis, software design, TDD, installation and deployment  Good appreciation of current and emerging technologies and their strengths and weaknesses  Degree educated, technical or highly numerate discipline  Excellent written and verbal communication skills As an ASP.Net Developer you can expect to earn a highly competitive salary (to ****k), bonus and benefits package. Send your CV or call for an informal discussion about this ASP.Net Developer opportunity. This vacancy is being advertised by Client Server Ltd. Client Server is a leading recruitment consultancy specialising in technical positions in IT, the services advertised are those of an Employment Agency. We recruit across a range of sectors including finance and banking, software houses, innovative technology startups, media, telecommunications, eCommerce and consultancies. We will never send your CV without your permission.