Title: Technical Forensic Investigator
Webindex: 72695695
Company: Alderbridge Consulting Ltd
Description: Technical Forensic Investigator Job Description: Technical Security Specialist opportunity for an expanding technical IT Security team in a very established organisation. As part of highly skilled technical team, you will carry out technical security analysis of complex systems, investigate technical security failures, anticipate potential problems, helping to create highly secure and innovative solutions to technical security challenges. Requirements:  Good understanding of technical security issues  Demonstrable technical analysis and investigation ability  Able to break apart technical systems/software to a deep level to find and resolve IT security issues.  Possibly from a penetration testing, reverse engineering, IT forensics or cryptography environment  Experience in any of the following: desktop operating system security, Windows security, database security, application security, mobile device security (iPhone, androids, tablets), SCADA industrial control systems security, embedded systems security, security software development.  Experience with debugging software, and resolving software issues, from a security perspective.  Likely to be degree educated in IT, IT Security, Engineering, Maths or Science  Free thinking and innovative, with a passion for security. Applicants must have been resident in the UK for the past 5 years, and will ideally be British nationals. Salary range: ****k (depending on level of experience)  excellent benefits package. Send your CV to lauraalderbridge.com Start date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Salary: c****k  benefits Location: Surrey, commutable from Woking, Guildford, Farnborough, Aldershot, Reigate Alderbridge Network Recruitment is a niche recruitment agency, specialising in Information Security and IT Security recruitment. We are a professional and dedicated organisation, committed to providing an exceptional level of service to clients and candidates alike. Whether you are looking for your next challenging opportunity or are recruiting for your team, we look forward to hearing from you. Technical Forensic Investigator