Title: ASPNET VBNET Web Application Developer
Webindex: 72396297
Company: Monarch Recruitment Limited
Description: ASP.NET VB.NET Web Application Developer A new vacancy has arisen within a market leading organisation based in beautiful countryside offices in Warwickshire, for an exceptional ASP.NET VB.NET Web Application Developer A new vacancy has arisen within a market leading organisation based in beautiful countryside offices in Warwickshire, for an exceptional Web Application Developer to join an expanding team. Due to the launch of a new product, this is a rare opportunity for a talented individual who will be able to integrate with a well established team and truly hit the ground running. In return, you will be involved in the development of innovative applications within a consistently growing industry. To be successful, you will have previous experience meeting with clients to gather requirements, designing solutions to these requirements and then developing the required software systems. Excellent knowledge of ASP.NET with VB.NET is a necessity, alongside web technologies (HTML, CSS & jQuery) and SQL Server. Any experience developing for cross browser compatibility would be looked upon very favourably. Day to day duties will primarily include green field development, creating new applications and modules depending on client needs. As this role will involve client facing, you must have excellent communication skills and not be afraid to share ideas with others, especially as you will be involved extensively in the design of systems as well as development. If you want to work in a vibrant, forward thinking environment, in an expanding industry sector then please apply today. A salary of **** to **** is on offer to reflect experience, in addition to excellent benefits (including a brilliant pension scheme and BUPA). This is an urgent role, so please don t delay. This position is easily commutable from Warwickshire, Coventry, Birmingham, Walsall, Sutton Coldfield, Tamworth, Bromsgrove, Leamington Spa, Redditch, StratfordUponAvon, Rugby, Nuneaton and Lichfield.