Title: Technical Product Manager / Project Manager
Webindex: 68360913
Company: Clearwater People Solutions
Description: The Technical Product Manager`s role involves project planning tactical management. They would be responsible for interpreting business market requirements into technical actions and managing delivery of solutions and enhancements into the change managed cycle on time and within budget. This position involves close interaction with the business development stake holders, developers, technical architects, key customers and external vendors. Key responsibilities  Managing the product life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities  Analysing potential partner relationships for the product.  Product planning strategy: Research, specification and documentation of product features and requirements, development of use cases testing to meet established user requirements. Identifying options for potential solutions and assessing them for both technical and business suitability.  Project management: Directing product build and development through creation and management of project plans, direction of IT resources, and management of external suppliers. Ensuring that budgets are adhered to and deadlines met.  Product customer support: Supporting users through trouble shooting, training, creation of user documentation, client visits encouraging user selfmanagement and process automation. Working closely with developers and a variety of end users to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction. Ability to provide technical solutions debate the pros cons of various technical options.  Service transition: Drawing up testing methodologies schedules and agreeing business processes with stakeholders. Overseeing the implementation of a new product, system or change as well as monitoring, usage reporting other support systems required for ongoing management. Work closely with users to test, review signoff products for live deployment. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalProductManagerProjectManager_job****