Title: Solution Architect (SQL Server/ Oracle)
Webindex: 71188922
Company: Mobilus Limited.
Description: Our client, a full service marketing company offering integrated data driven marketing services, is seeking an experienced Solution Architect to serve as the technical lead on projects involving solution implementation. Acting as the bridge between Enterprise Architecture and the Development teams, the Solution Architect will assist the development teams in designing a solution that meets both the needs of the project/client and is also in accordance with the guidance of the architectural governance. The Solution Architect will understand internal and external customer needs, designing solutions that allow customers to implement systems for their technology business applications. You will also serve as the technical lead in the bid process, guiding and advising in the choice of solution design and helping estimate effort and duration of the proposed solution. The successful Solution Architect will have the significant commercial experience in a similar role, involving taking the lead in designing and implementing software/ database solutions within a software development lifecycle. You will have a proven ability to design appropriate software or database solutions and to troubleshoot existing or proposed solutions. With the gravitas and experience to operate as a technical design authority while also motivating and inspiring your teams, you will demonstrate a passion for quality excellence. You must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to communicate technical concepts to nontechnical people. You must be able to understand and present the business need and drivers behind suggestions, and have the ability to estimate work with an understanding for the challenges of producing estimates at different stages in the project lifecycle. The Solution Architect will have excellent technical development understanding, and experience of working within an agile development environment, e.g. Scrum, DSDM. You must have strong solution design, including expert level knowledge of at least one of the following: RDBMS (SQL Server, Oracle etc) ETL (WebSphere, Informatica, SSIS etc) ntier software solutions (Microsoft stack) Knowledge of UML, Campaign Management Systems (Apteco, Alterian, UNICA, SAS etc.) or Data warehouse solutions and Business Information Systems would be advantageous. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SolutionArchitectSQLServerOracle_job****