Title: Package Development Engineer
Webindex: 71306409
Company: Outsource UK Ltd
Description: Package Development Engineer Job Type: Permanent Location: Essex Salary: ******** per annum Role: Senior Package Development Engineers primarily support the progression of Imaging device projects, to include the development of bespoke device packaging, the associated assembly jigging, environmental test jigging and subsequent transport packaging. This can also include the development of processes new to the Imaging department. This role requires significant involvement with the project manager, customer, technical authority and requires taking a leading role in the solution of technical problems associated with device integration for Space and Scientific applications. Support is also given to the development and improvement of assembly jigs and processes used on standard product. Main Accountabilities: Translate customer specifications and aspects of device design into a suitable bespoke device package. Drive the design, procurement and assessment of the package and associated jigs/equipment. Identify risks. Identify and solve unusual technical problems during the design stage. May require leading a group. Update package design guidelines. Able to work without supervision. Communicate technical information to both internal and external parties (Engineering Group Leader and Project Manager, suppliers and Customer). This information to be in the form of drawings, written comment and presentations where required. Take part in or lead exercises aimed at furthering the group knowledge and identifying the solution to technical issues associated with specific Imaging device Projects. Ensure that internal documentation is produced as required including process specifications, flow charts, device travellers, Risk/COSHH assessments. Provide support in this area to less experienced staff. Work with Imaging Applications and Line Engineers to define and provide investigative support to areas of future development Ideal Experience: Mechanical / Mechatronics /Materials background to HNC or Degree level Working Knowledge of Autodesk Inventor and AutoCAD CAD Packages Proven ability in the design of small component high precision assemblies preferably associated with electronics packaging. Proven ability to prioritise and organise own work. Appreciation of thermal and stress modelling techniques. Proven problem solving abilities and use of Company and external investigative facilities. Able to lead groups of Engineers / Technicians in development of complex bespoke package/process design. Build productive relationships Perform under pressure Able to learn quickly Good communication skills in the form of sketches, drawings and in writing To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK If you would like to be considered for the role, please do not hesitate to contact me. Please keep in touch to hear about other Engineering opportunities by emailing Katy Gregory on kgregoryoutsourceuk.co.uk or calling **** **** for further information on the above position or 'Apply Online'. Katy is a dedicated Recruiter specialising in the Engineering sector and works on behalf of candidates looking for opportunities to progress and clients searching for relevant, experienced candidates on both a contract and permanent basis within this sector. We grow our business by referrals  do you know anyone I could help today? Please visit our website www.outsourceuk.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PackageDevelopmentEngineer_job****