Title: Deployment Engineer OR Data center Build engineer
Webindex: 67803705
Description: Senior Deployment Engineer OR Data center Build engineer West Malling Kent  England competitive  Benefits include, Childcare Vouchers, Share Ownership Plan, Share Save Scheme, Eye care. Deployment Engineer OR Data center Build engineer required for a leading FTSE 100 IT Outsourcing Firm. Due to expansion, we are looking to recruit Senior Deployment Engineer to join our growing IT Services division. The successful Senior Deployment Engineer will deliver and responsible for providing technical skills and knowledge across all of our environments. This will include incident resolution; problem investigation, change assessments and service release deployments issued from our standard ITIL based processes. Essential: The ideal candidate must have the following; Participation in production review of technical designs for virtualisation platforms and/or sever solutions/builds that will either be managed hosted by or remotely managed by the business. Build, project support, and handover to operational support of virtualisation platforms and/or server systems to operating system level on both physical and virtual platforms. Upgrade, decommissioning, and/or migration of virtualisation and/or server systems on both physical/virtual platforms using virtualisation tools where appropriate. Review and agree server build work packages with team management to ensure it meets the level of detail required to undertake the platform/server build activity and compliance with the business design and security standards, providing further consultation and review where required due to scope and design changes where required. Indentify and arrange the underlying hardware infrastructure (physical and/or virtual) is in place to be able to provide the necessary resource to be able to undertake the server builds and where required rack and position additional hardware as required. Installs or removes hardware and/or software, using supplied installation instructions and tools; follows agreed standards, including those for electrical work. Agrees the timing of the work with those affected, eg users, operations management, including, where appropriate, handover to client. The following skills would be advantageous but are not essential; Proven technical handson skills in building large numbers of Windows servers in a Managed and/or Enterprise environment. Windows 2008 servers (virtual and physical) Familiarity with IBM and HP servers VMware experience Data centre background/experience Experience of migration/virtualisation of servers Good awareness of ITIL processes and/or attendance/certification to Foundation level. Currently have SC Clearance or be eligible. Benefits: Childcare Vouchers, Share Ownership Plan, Share Save Scheme, Eye careTo apply for the Deployment Engineer OR Data center Build engineer role please press the apply button and follow the link.Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.