Title: Release Manager / Release Project Manager
Webindex: 68180031
Company: Qualserv Consulting Ltd
Description: Release Manager/Release Project Manager Keywords: Release Manager, Release Project Manager, change, change manager, deployment, deployment manager, configuration, configuration manager, Prince **** project, workbench, NIKU, edelivery, project delivery, MS Project One of the fastest growing companies in the UK within their market sector and one of the world s largest corporates are looking for a Release Project Manager to project manage various releases within the IT department. The company sees this is a pivotal role within their organisation moving forward as they have gone through (and continue to do so) a major transformation of their IT services. Responsibilities Manage the delivery of projects as agreed with the customer. Direct and manage 3rd party suppliers to ensure delivery to contract. Manage and control project expenditure to ensure delivery within budget and achieve agreed financial targets/benefits. Explain variance (budget/man hours) with justification. Identify, obtain and direct required resources to complete projects. Identify and manage risks and issues to ensure project delivery and take appropriate measures to manage these where applicable and to ensure all project staff recognise their individual responsibility and accountability for project risks. Develop, monitor and manage project plans and report progress to Project Board/Sponsor to ensure project continues to meet business needs. Control project scope creep and resist/reject unnecessary changes. Direct appropriate testing and compliance with change management requirements to ensure quality of deliverables. Advise and guide Project Sponsors and business managers to ensure that all requirements are identified and that the business is ready for project implementation. Satisfy the customer with project delivery. To manage projects in compliance with all relevant quality standards To be fully aware of and carry out such actions as are required to meet the requirements of the companie s Project Governance. To undertake any other duties as specified from time to time in accordance with the companie s business requirements. To ensure compliance with SOX requirements you need to ensure ongoing compliance with the following objectives  An understanding of your process  Awareness of responsibilities for control within the process  Confirmation that controls are operating  Exceptions to controls are raised with your line manager  Being open to ensure that the testing process can identify any issues Undertaking agreed remediation to correct any weakness Relevant Skills and Qualifications: Ability to attain Project management qualification (PRINCE **** preferred). Skills in PM tool such as MS Project or NIKU Workbench. Basic Understanding of IT Principles and systems and how they are applied or Basic Understanding of Business Process Improvement. Ability to manage multiple streams of work concurrently. People management. Drive and determination. Strong Influencing and Negotiation Skills. Past Experience Required: Experience of managing and delivering projects. Experience of managing teams. A minimum of 3 years experience delivering projects. Experience in Edelivery Experience of managing project teams of more than **** staff. Experience of delivering IT or Business Change projects. Experience of negotiating contracts with 3rd party suppliers. Experience of managing 3rd Party suppliers as part of project delivery.