Title: TV, Broadcast & Digital Media Sales Executive  B2B
Webindex: 68360910
Company: People Source Consulting.
Description: TV, Broadcast Digital Media Sales Executive  B2B  Broadcast / TV / Digital Media / Streaming Amazing opportunity for an experienced B2B Sales Executive to join a successful, growing TV Broadcast company. Cutting edge technology, international travel and a creative and friendly team. My client is making waves in the TV Broadcast and Digital Media market. Using cutting edge broadcast and digital media technology, they operate in the research, design and development of broadcasting products, systems, solutions and services. Due to success in international TV, broadcast and digital media markets they are looking to expand their B2B Sales Team with accomplished B2B Sales Executives  this company are doing so well that they have more clients than they can currently manage. You'll have the opportunity for international travel around 4 times a year, with the major focus on UK clients and broadcasters. You must have prior B2B experience of sales within the broadcast and TV industry, with a great track record in winning clients and successfully managing ongoing accounts and client relationships. This role is suited to a driven and ambitious B2B Sales Executive looking for a fun, friendly and innovative environment. You must drive, have a car, and own a valid passport. Added bonus if you can speak French. To find out more about joining a company where it's actually FUN to go to work, please get in touch If the above matches your skills set and you would like to be considered for this TV, Broadcast Digital Media Sales Executive  B2B vacancy, please apply and I will contact you with further details if you are shortlisted. If this is not the right TV, Broadcast Digital Media Sales Executive  B2B role for you, then please feel free to recommend someone with the right skills  People Source offer a generous referral scheme and you could earn up to **** for a successful placement (terms and conditions apply). This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TVBroadcastDigitalMediaSalesExecutiveB2B_job****