Title: IT Programme Manager
Webindex: 70780652
Company: Aston Carter
Description: This newly created role involves working for a regionally recognised financial services brand offering great career development and exposure to the latest technologies and PM methodologies. This new role comes with a wide range of responsibilities such as: Manages very significant projects or a collection of major projects within a large programme covering part or all of the full development life cycle (i.e. from feasibility through to handover of system), which may also include other specialist functions. Accountable for project resources typically spread across one very large project or a number of projects within a major programme taking a broad overview with respect to their planning, management and delivery. To be directly accountable for managing other project stakeholders through appropriate matrix management and ensures subordinate IT Programme Managers, IT Project Managers and Team Leaders are managing stakeholders effectively. Plans, organises and controls projects in order to deliver required quality business solutions within agreed timescales and budget. Defines the scope of the project, manages project objectives, risks, issues and resources. Ensures project deliverables are capable of achieving the benefits defined in the project proposal, EAP or committee paper. Typically manages programmes which may have a number of directly controlled multidisciplinary teams, which may be in multiple locations. To be considered for this position you will need the following experience: Graduate qualifications in computer science or engineering. 1014 years of experience in an IT environment. Have a proven track record of delivery over at least 6 years as an IT Project Manager/IT Programme Manager, typically managing identifiable IT development projects Strong experience working with Project Management Office Must understand the software development lifecycle but may have in depth experience of part of it. Must be able to demonstrate a practical awareness of commercial and contractual issues. Ability to communicate at all levels within the organisation. Strong communication skills Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITProgrammeManager_job****