Title: Technical PreSales Consultant ( Cisco )
Webindex: 69018858
Company: CPS Group Cardiff
Description: Technical PreSales Consultant ( Cisco )  ****k, Cisco, CCNA My client are a market leading and award winning organisation. They are currently looking to recruit for an experienced PreSales Consultant to join their growing team. The ideal candidate will be at least CCNA qualified and have experience dealing with both the private and public sector. The Consultant will undertake full life cycle assignments for existing and new customers, provide bid support on major bids and develop designs for projects and customer proposals. This is an exciting opportunity and you will be responsible for working closely with a technical design team to produce detailed specs for external clients. You will be responsible for engaging with the client, putting together basic specs and passing these on to the design team for ratification. Technical expertise to undertake the presales consultant role should include as many of the following: Demonstrable Cisco Unified Communications and Collaboration experience (Accredited Courses/Exams) Cisco Wireless experience (Accredited Courses/Exams) Cisco UCCX contact centre solutions Infrastructure Design  Cisco / other technologies  LAN and WAN Specification of professional services for UC&C Solutions Strong technical skills oExperience of complete Cisco portfolio. oExperience of single site, multisite and branch network solutions oExperience of voice applications such as Conferencing, Unified Messaging, Voice Recording. oUnderstanding of the Telco/ carrier services  LAN/WAN & Voice oUnderstanding of security solutions around Cisco technologies and communications A good knowledge of other vendors equipment is desirable. With the ability to design a meaningful comparison between similar products from different vendors. Network skills oWAN technologies i.e. MPLS oLAN technologies oWireless technologies / BYOD oSecurity This is an exciting opportunity with genuine opportunities for progression. For further information and to receive a full role profile, please send in an up to date copy of your CV with your application. CPS Group (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy