Title: Oracle DBA
Webindex: 62115951
Company: NavanFort
Description: Oracle DBA  Frankfurt (Germany) Permanent role  Relocation Assistance Oracle DBA  Frankfurt (Germany), SQL, Data Centre NOC, NMC Due to increased growth our Banking client is looking to recruit a Junior Oracle DBA based on site in Frankfurt, Germany. Tasks and Responsibilities of Oracle DBA ;  Monitor Our customer's IT infrastructure in line with the Event Management process  Documentation of events in our client's ticketing system (e.g. in case the tickets were not opened automatically).  First resolution attempt for occurring events and incidents in line with provided procedures and documentation for all our client's IT services, service components and systems.  Assignments and escalations of unresolved incidents in line with the agreed incident management procedures. Outside normal working hours callin other experts to support incident resolution.  Perform regular system checks, scheduled activities, agreed maintenance activities and other (documented) task in the Data Centre (i.e. housekeeping, backup checks etc.)  Participate in recovery and contingency exercises and ensure that IT Operations and Support staff can recover systems in accordance with the predefined plans and documentation Performance of shiftwork and oncall duties during standard and extended working hours Knowledge and skills:  Proven experience in operating missioncritical IT Infrastructure environments  Experience in a mixed of OS and DB environment with strong MS SQL Server and Oracle Skills,  Previous experience in Data Centre environments (e.g. Network Operational Centre  NOC and/or Network Management Centre  NMC)  Very good command of English with proven drafting ability For the Oracle DBA vacancy, the main skill will be Databases, i.e. the tasks listed in the profile will mostly be carried out on data base servers and related systems. Candidates are expected to have significant experience and knowledge in operating data base systems, in particular MS SQL Server and Oracle. Education and qualifications required for the Oracle DBA role: University degree (BSc) in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or Physics or ability to perform the tasks commensurate with such a formal academic qualification To apply for the Oracle DBA role please click on Apply Online oracle dba frankfurt germany sql data centre noc nmc