Title: Integration Consultant
Webindex: 68667828
Company: MaxAd
Description: Integration Consultant The Integration Consultant will provide c onsultancy services involving the specification and delivery of bespoke technical solutions across Java, .NET, HTML and EAI, SOA, ESB integration software development. My client is a global business software company that creates, delivers and supports adaptable software and services worldwide. They help dynamic organisations manage their business needs effectively and strive to set the global standard for business solutions that help dynamic organisations to embrace change  simply, quickly and cost effectively. They provide innovative, awardwinning ERP software and services that help organisations streamline and automate their Business processes from accounting and procurement to HR, Payroll and CRM. With annual revenues of 450M and a global customer base, they are well placed to deliver ERP solutions to new prospects and existing customers. In order to support new and existing customer implementations with more integrated and bespoke solutions, we are looking to employ an Integration Consultant within the professional services team. The Integration Consultant will deliver bespoke application and integration development packages, taking the project from initial customer technical resource engagement, through functional requirements to specification, development, testing and golive support. You will be responsible for building and delivering high quality bespoke applications either solo or as part of part of a project delivery team. Key Requirements for the Integration Consultant position: Extensive experience in: Enterprise software development deployment projects up to 2M and **** man days RDBMS, SQL (Oracle MSSQL queries, triggers, stored procedures etc.) Development in Java, .NET, HTML EAI, SOA, ESB integration software development (BizTalk, Talend etc.) E TL process technologies Customer engagement presales support Functional or business requirements analysis specification Able to travel extensively within the UK Knowledge of: Enterprise IT hardware platforms Solution handover technical/user training IT Infrastructure, including shared service and cloud platforms Integration technology such as SOAP, XML, MOM, EDI, RNI, JNI, REST Iterative “Agile” cascading project management and delivery methodologies This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/IntegrationConsultant_job****