Title: Spanish or French 1st Line Technical Helpdesk Support
Webindex: 68847599
Company: Claire Brindle
Description: Smart**** Ltd is an Award Winning and Independently run recruitment consultancy which specialises in both Permanent and Temporary positions across all Business Support roles. Smart**** have become renowned as one of Hertfordshire s fastest growing and most dynamic recruitment companies and were a finalist for Best New Business and won the overall Judges Award for most promising and innovative company within Hertfordshire at the Herts Business Awards 2012. We are proud to work with a leading number of blueship companies as well as smaller SME s businesses throughout the region. The smart**** team are an energetic and smart team of highly experienced and professional recruitment consultants who are committed at exceeding both our candidates and client s expectations. smart10  One career. Go for it Position: Spanish or French speaking 1st Line Technical Helpdesk Support Location: London Salary: **** plus generous bonus and additional benefits Contract: Perm Company Profile: Spanish and French speakers wanted for a global organisation that provide services and solutions of conferencing. Must also be fluent in English. Job Responsibilities:  Deliver a high level of customer service to both internal and external customers meeting required service level agreements and key performance indicators.  Respond efficiently and effectively to all inbound customer communications.  Take full ownership of customer issues and see them through to resolution.  Diagnose and troubleshoot basic customer technical issues re. Firewalls, Web browsers and Windows etc.  Deal with general customer queries when needed. Required Skills/Experience:  Minimum 1 years experience in an office/call centre environment  Must have either 1st line technical support and troubleshooting skills  Good customer service expertise  Must be fluent in Spanish or French and in English  Excellent telephone manner  Good MS Office skills (Word and Excel)  A good team player smart10 Ltd  Ensuring that the best talent is matched to the right job and the right job has the best talent Should you be short listed for this position, a member of the Smart10 team will be in touch with you in the next seven working days. Good luck with your application