Title: Senior Support Engineer/ 3rd Line Support Engineer
Webindex: 72480707
Company: TEKsystems
Description: My client is a market leading Security organisation. They have rapidly grown over the last 2 years and they are set to continue this growth. They are currently looking for a Network and Security Engineer who will be based on site with one of their largest and most strategically important clients. You will act as the face of the organisation and as the technical resource for the client. You will be involved with all implementation tasks, build tasks and support tasks in relation to the relevant products they have implemented. As my client is a specialist in the security space, they are looking for individuals with a background in Security, specifically Check Point. Other security technology includes; Juniper Check Point Cisco In return my client can offer you the opportunity to work for a rapidly growing organisation who will offer you a career not just a job. They want people to join their team who are motivated to progress their career and increase their knowledge across security software. They will support you in gaining all of your professional qualification in Checkpoint as well as other relevant security products. If this sounds like you or you would like to know more information please contact me on **** **** **** or rlaughlinteksystems.co.uk Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.