Title: New VMware Infrastructure Engineer Needed in Oxfordshire
Webindex: 68180337
Company: Timothy James Consulting
Description: My client is a cutting edge technology provider to the aerospace sector. They are urgently recruiting for a new VMware Virtualisation Engineer to join their innovative IT department and look after an established Cloud environment built on the latest VMware **** The data processing and storage facilities have now been established as a virtualised environment using VCloud Director Manager and VSphere **** Enterprise Plus. You will be responsible for the administration and support of the existing VMware environment. You will also work closely with enterprise customers to set up build new VMware environments on the Cloud platform. In addition you will help to support the infrastructure that underpins the Cloud network so you should have a background in wider infrastructure technology support. Skills and Responsibilities required:  VMware Administration  Ability to administer and maintain a Public Cloud based VMware vSphere Environment, utilising VMware products including ESXI, vCenter and vCloud Director to offer IT as a service driven by vCloud Director.  Knowledge of the use of SQL for troubleshooting of VMware Databases would be an advantage  Knowledge of the use of SAN Storage in relation to VMware ESXI environments would be an advantage  Virtual Machine Management  able to manage the creation of virtual machines using VMWare technologies.  Data Management able to manage the disk storage usage and ingest new data sets as appropriate onto the hardware. You will be rewarded with an excellent basic salary and benefits package based on your skills and experience. You will also have the opportunity to work at the forefront of VMware, Cloud and Virtualisation technology. This is an URGENT vacancy where the hiring manager is shortlisting for interview immediately. Please send your VMware Infrastructure Engineer CV to Ben West ASAP to be considered.