Title: Buyer`s Admin Assistant
Webindex: 68632892
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Internacionale is a fast fashion brand offering trend products for the fashion conscious woman and affordable prices. With over **** stores nationwide, and more opening during the next twelve months, and a new transactional website we are fast becoming a major high street player. We are looking to recruit an entry level Buyer`s Admin Assistant for our London office who will provide all around administrative support to the Buying team. THE ROLE:  Management of Critical Path, chasing and collating information and samples from suppliers. Insuring all orders are delivered on time  Work with Technologist to ensure all comments are recorded at fit sessions and send fit comments to suppliers and record on critical Path.  Understand buyers guide print and key calculations; cover, rate of sale.  Understand the nature of the business and what the Inter brand stands for.  Aware of trends through magazines, catwalks, blogs, comp shops etc.  Maintain focus, energy and effort when under pressure.  Responsible for range room housekeeping; keeping rails/tables tidy at all times and ensuring samples are filed accurately.  Prepare meeting samples for best sellers/ad hoc meetings, chasing suppliers with guidance.  Ensure all samples are always presentable; not creased, on correct hangers, cubed and priced.  Open post in a timely manner, understanding the urgency to process samples.  Send post and advise consignment tracking.  Basic filing, photocopying and stationery orders.  Answer phones and deal with queries.  Accurately raise and send all own department PO`s in timely manner, ensuring all attributes and web details are completed.  Order filing in line with department standards  Understand and action daily barcode download information  Plan and prioritise work to complete urgent and important tasks with guidance from Assistant Buyer. YOU You will have a relevant degree or experience, have a keen and active interest in fashion with a positive and enthusiastic attitude. The following skills are also required.  PC Literate  Good communication skills  Team player  Good time management  Organised and accurate. No terminology in the advert you have seen is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, gender, race, colour, religion, disability or sexual orientation, and we will gladly accept applications from all sections of the community. You should receive a form of response within 28 days of applying. By applying for a vacancy through Kudos People Ltd you will automatically be allocated with a unique username and password to our award winning recruitment company. To take full advantage register your details in full and access thousands of vacancies. Should you not wish to complete your registration please email branded.a****lgapiue****u N/A