Title: Project Manager (Transformation, Corporate Banking, Delivery)
Webindex: 67830463
Company: Anson McCade
Description: Project Manager (Transformation, Corporate Banking, Delivery) A major blue chip bank is looking for a new Project Manager (Transformation, Corporate Banking, Delivery). Projects will involve overseeing teams both onshore and offshore and will involve multimillion pound budgets in working towards the successful delivery of the projects. Experience in the areas of in delivering projects around integrations and implementations, especially in financial services will be preferred for the Project Manager (Transformation, Corporate Banking, Delivery). Project managers with major change and transformation experience in all sectors are encouraged to apply however experience in financial services and banking is preferred or those who have worked at large management consultancies with a financial services focus. A successful Project Manager (Transformation, Corporate Banking, Delivery) must have: ? Experience of major transformation projects involving integrations ? A track record of delivering projects in IT ? Strong stakeholder management and communication skills ? Experience of managing multimillion pound budgets ? Excellent leadership and organisation skills Preferable skills include Project Manager (Transformation, Corporate Banking, Delivery): ? Previous experience in finance and corporate banking ? Exposure to working in Agile environments ? Industry relevant accreditations such as PRINCE**** or PMI ? Certified scrum masters This fantastic opportunity to be part of a major transformation project redesigning one of the world?s biggest banks in a department which is experiencing major investment and it is therefore an extremely exciting time to join. As well as this it will involve working for a company who really value and look after their employees and reward them with an outstanding industry leading package with genuine career progression on offer. This is a role for an experienced delivery focused IT project manager looking for their next challenge in finance and banking.