Title: IT customer support & Telecommunications Traniee
Webindex: 69959204
Company: Key Training
Description: The 'IT support' team are responsible for the internal customer service for staff requiring IT assistance of any type. Calls are logged via telephone or email into a database Help Desk package called 'Track IT', are prioritised and any issues that can be dealt with by IT Support should be resolved immediately. For more complex calls, there is an escalation process through to senior IT staff for resolution. Training will be given formally and informally and candidates will not be exposed to responsibility above their capability. The Key areas that typically initiate support calls are:  Infrastructure, including: PC, laptop, mobile device. Network issues and 3rd party fault logging. User maintenance including password reset. Printer maintenance.  Management Information Systems (MIS) including fault reporting, user maintenance and report writing.  Telecommunications including: Line issues and 3rd party fault logging. Handset management and fault logging. Inventory management admin.  Application support including: Microsoft Office and Exchange. Sage accounting systems. Other applications interfacing with sage. Business objects. All applicants are welcome however, goverment funding is only availiable for candidates who do not have a degree or are over the age of **** Applciants over the age of **** or have a degree may have to pay towards the funding part of the programme. Skills required:  Computer literate.  Mature.  Good communication.  Keen to learn and develop.  Strong customer service ethic. Good grades in maths and science are essential indicating a logical mind and problem solving capability. The perfect candidate for this role must be positive, keen to learn a good team player and have strong communication skills. The expectation from the employer is that a candidate showing maturity and dedication can look forward to a full time position with the IT Team, and the opportunity to develop into one of the many IT specialised functional areas that the company. The successful candidates may be asked to move around these areas gaining experience across the platform and specialise at a later date should their role become permanent.