Title: leader of Enterprise Architects
Webindex: 71443827
Company: Spring Grp
Description: Head of IT Solution Enterprise Architects Nottingham / Home based  FTSE 100 client. Salary negotiable dependant on experience, plus bonus and benefits. Major corporate company based in the Nottingham area is currently looking to recruit a credible IT Solution Enterprise Architect/ Global Lead. This innovative client is a global market leader in their field and has an impressive portfolio of clients. As the global owner of this clients enterprise solutions systems, this leader will take responsibility for the global strategy and design of this clients full internal systems/ solutions to ensure they deliver against an ambitious evolution plan. Key responsibilities Ensure the complex and diverse internal systems are fit for purpose, and that efficient solutions are in line with the agreed business and IT strategies. Manage teams in different global locations Lead proactive programs to assist the business in process optimisation Provide people leadership and foster a culture of world class continuous improvement Lead the creation and review of a systems capability strategy Identifies and responds to key business drivers, producing high level business models, and preparing business cases. Ensures Compliance between business strategies, enterprise transformation activities and technology directions, setting strategies, policies, standards and practices. Job Requirements and Qualifications Background of enterprise architecture in global organisations with complex / diverse systems encompassing CRM, Billing, ERP, MDM, and BI/Datawarehouse. Exposure to Oracle EBusiness Suite Demonstrates the ability to take responsibility for managing a team. Proficient in architecture modelling techniques; conceptual frameworks to engage with business stakeholders, as well as, architecture models to guide technical solution designs Capable of creating and leading programs to develop and enhance existing architecture as well as creating future architecture strategy Good understanding of industry trends To be based in Nottingham **** 3 days per week. This is a unique opening for a highly motivated Global Solution Architecture with leadership qualities who is seeking an opportunity to develop their career within a blue chip FTSE 100 organisation. Salaries for this position are extremely competitive and include an excellent corporate benefits package. For more information about this role please send your uptodate CV to the below contact details: Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.