Title: Programme Manager / Head of IT Projects
Webindex: 69019471
Company: Code Red Associates
Description: Code Red Associates (CRA) is a leading supplier of Permanent & Contract ICT resource to a variety of Blue Chip, SME & expanding organisations throughout the UK. We are currently recruiting for a Programme Manager / Head of Projects for a permanent role with a forward thinking & evolving organisation in Sussex. The purpose of the role will be to take accountability for a small pool of Project Managers & Project Coordinators, as well as taking responsibility for all IT project delivery standards & processes. Your daytoday responsibilities with revolve around leading the project delivery function and ensuring the delivery of all projects on time to agreed budgets. To which end you will be ensuring the professional development of your team members, keeping abreast of current & new IT methodologies, development and best practice with project delivery, acting as an internal consultant & change agent to ensure are process and organisational initiatives are delivered, produce progress reports, business requirement documentation & business cases for the management team, produce detailed process maps and define key IT processes to include Incident, Problem & Change Management as well as Change Delivery & Application Support. Key requirements for the role include extensive experience working in a Senior Programme Management capacity with a successful track record of Programme/Project Management that includes experience/appreciation of a number of project and software delivery methodologies/practices. You will be an excellent communicator and negotiator at all levels, have an appreciation of IT Architecture principles/methods, have experience of business case development & benefits tracking and you will work well under pressure. You will ideally be PRINCE**** Practitioner certified (or an alternative), will be results orientated, delivery focussed and have excellent political acumen and stakeholder management skills. Desirable skills include a knowledge and understanding of UML and LEAN principles as well as ITIL Service Delivery Management certification. The role will involve ad hoc travel to other satellite offices in and around the South East. As a result you must be mobile with a full driving license and access to transport. Mileage allowances will be paid for any business travel. An excellent career move is on offer for the right individual, so if you fit the criteria then please apply without delay. Code Red Associates acts as an Employment Agency/Business with regards to this vacancy. As an Equal Opportunities employer Code Red welcomes applications regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, disability or age. All applicants are considered on the basis of their merits and abilities for the job