Title: Project Engineer  Aftermarket
Webindex: 68823365
Company: ARM
Description: Aftermarket Options and Accessories Engineer 52 Week Contract Gaydon **** per hr Ltd Out client is a prestige brand within the high specification luxury automotive market and is known for producing iconic performance vehicles. They require an Aftermarket Options and Accessories Engineer to join them on a 52 week contract basis. Job Purpose: To engineer and release aftermarket options and accessories parts to the Parts Operations business. Key Responsibilities & Tasks: 'Work with the Parts Operations team to establish target aftermarket options and accessories. 'Take the target list and input to the work up of business cases. 'For agreed parts implement the design process making decisions on whether it can be engineered internally or with an external partner. 'Use engineering tools to ensure the robustness of design (FMEAs, tolerance studies, QHR data, VIS standards). 'Establish component targets and specifications. 'Write RFQs and liaise with the supply base to establish costs. 'Manage allocated budget to deliver components to target framework. 'Make written recommendations as to who should supply for decision by the Parts Ops senior management team. 'Develop robust timing plans for the delivery of parts including establishing the appropriate test regimes. 'Write release documentation and critique drawings and standards for accuracy and suitability. 'Act as primary supplier liaison and manage suppliers through the parts development phase until the part is fully signed off. Qualifications & Experience: 'Engineering HNC/HND or Degree qualified is essential 'Broad background within OEM parts design and engineering particularly interior and exterior parts. 'Confident in the management of suppliers. 'Background in aftermarket options and accessories delivery highly desirable. 'Working knowledge of testing standards and methodology essential. 'Engineering design tools methodology. 'Component design and release 'Report writing and interpretation of test reports desirable. 'Relationship building and networking ability essential. 'Significant background of complex planning and timing activities. 'Competence with using Microsoft Office programmes. Should you be interested in this opportunity please send your CV to Benjamingarm.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.