Title: Technical Architect Manager
Webindex: 68181145
Company: Code Red Associates
Description: Code Red Associates (CRA) is a leading supplier of Permanent & Contract ICT resource to a variety of Blue Chip, SME & expanding organisations throughout the UK. We are currently recruiting for a Head of Systems Architecture & Quality for a permanent role with a forward thinking & evolving organisation in Sussex. The purpose of the role will be to manage the Systems Architecture and Quality team at the organisation to include the maintenance & production of the ICT strategy & roadmap. Day to day responsibilities will include the management of a small team of Solution Architects, Business Analysts & Quality Analysts to deliver the highest standards possible. This will include the formulation of ICT strategies & roadmaps in order that the ICT team meet current & future business objectives. You will be responsible for policy implementation, implementing change, liaising with third part suppliers, keep abreast of new technologies, comply with legislation, the implementation of business processes & methodologies and deliver architecture roadmaps, design documentation and quality standards. The key requirements for the role include extensive experience working in a senior IT Management or Architecture role that include the management of a team of architecture, business analysis and quality resources. You will have produced or been a key contributor to the development of IT roadmaps/strategy and have proven appreciation for a number of architecture, project and software delivery methodologies/principles. You will have a high level political and negotiation skills that are applicable to setting & managing budgets, as well as stakeholder management. You will understand a number of programming languages/technologies, business case development, quality processes and an excellent practical understanding of IT Architecture principles such as TOGAF &/or Zachman. It is desirable that the successful candidate have knowledge of LEAN methodology and UML, as well as some form of ITIL or PRINCE**** qualification. The role will involve ad hoc travel to other satellite offices in and around the South East. As a result you must be mobile with a full driving license and access to transport. Mileage allowances will be paid for any business travel. An excellent career move is on offer for the right individual, so if you fit the criteria then please apply without delay. Code Red Associates acts as an Employment Agency/Business with regards to this vacancy. As an Equal Opportunities employer Code Red welcomes applications regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, disability or age. All applicants are considered on the basis of their merits and abilities for the job