Title: Sales Manager Account Manager Sales PlanningBusiness Development 
Webindex: 69574423
Company: IDPP
Description: Sales Manager Account Manager Sales PlanningBusiness Development  Airport IT  Middlesex  ********k My client, a global organisation operating within the Airline/Airport sector, is currently seeking an experienced Sales Manager for a position based in Middlesex Purpose The Airport IT is a new area of IT diversification for the company. The organisation is strongly committed to aggressively grow this new division which it sees as a key strategic objective in order to lay the foundations of future growth. The aim of this new unit is to provide Airport Operational solutions to the segments of Airports Authorities, Airlines, and Ground Handlers. A Sales Manager's role is about indentifying and capturing new business opportunities, vis a vis a portfolio or Airports and Ground Handlers customers worldwide, as well as up selling Airport products to Altea Airlines as a support to the Airline account managers. The size of customers assigned to the sales manager is determined based on the competency level and the experience of the SM Responsibilities Strategy and Business Development a. Contribute to the definition and implementation of the company Airport long term strategy, securing development of revenues/profits from customers b. Identify and target new business opportunities for all customer segments (ie new product adoption of existing customers and/or new customers) c. Research/analyse market evolution, trends, potential Sales Planning a. In line with the overall business plan of the Airport Business line, translate this strategy into a concrete sales plan to ensure fulfilment of the annual sales objectives. b. Recommend budget (forecasting revenues and volumes) and conduct an active compliance followup c. Set commercial policies and legal framework, both general and market and/or providerspecific. d. Define and monitor project and/or marketspecific business cases Sales Management a. Establish and maintain longterm relationships with Airports and Ground Handlers with the objectives of creation of new business opportunities b. Implement customerfocussed management, including account planning, CRM optimization and sales pipeline tracking. c. Negotiate contracts and agreements with both existing and potential clients d. Facilitates coordination and interaction between customers and other groups of the organisation. Sales Organisation a. Ensure the optimum sales organisation (in line with company standards) to ensure sales objectives are met. b. Set and followup on objectives, motivate and support account managers c. Facilitate interaction between all members of the Sales team and the rest of the business line team Skills/experience required Education University degree (or equivalent) in Business/Sales/Marketing Relevant work experience 5 years experience in supplying IT solutions to Airports and its operators are required. 3 years experience as Sales Manager or activities closely linked to Sales or Account Management are required. Business Understanding A good understanding of the Aviation industry in an international environment and/or the Amadeus Airport or Airline IT business is an asset Skills Financial/business case, Sales techniques, Presentation skills, Functional knowledge of Airport systems Fluent spoken and written English, additional languages will be a significant benefit Microsoft Suite: Excel, Word, PowerPoint Vital competencies Multicultural approach Accountability proactivity Change management flexibility Customer focus Job specific competencies Communication skills. Decisionmaking, influence, Multicultural approach, Relationship and teambuilding Functional knowledge of Airport systems. Leadership profile Vision Strategy direction Industry business expertise Decision making Innovation Voice Influence Empowerment coaching Communication Relationship Teambuilding If interested in hearing more about this position, please send through an updated CV. I look forward to hearing from you.