Title: Project Manager (Social Housing Software)
Webindex: 71856428
Company: Code Red Associates Ltd
Description: Code Red Associates are a specialist supplier of ICT resource to the public sector, local authority social housing sectors. We are currently resourcing for an exciting opportunity for a Project Manager, with experience in managing projects in a commercial environment (Software House, ICT Outsourcing/Professional Services environment) for a respected, growing established organisation that is committed to employee development. The purpose the Project Management role will be to manage the implementation of software applications modules as well as acting in an Account Management capacity. This will involve working at different stages throughout the software implementation lifecycle, from gathering initial customer requirements, to project planning, milestone management, configuration development and project rollout. You will do this whilst ensuring that customers are serviced to the highest standard of quality and act as a point of escalation for any issues. Essential skills and experiences for the role include a track record of successful client/customer facing Project Management for a commercial organisation such as a Software House, Reseller or similar; experience of webbased client software implementations; the ability to line manage a team to achieve shared goals and timescales; the ability to analyse/interpret client business processes in order to define requirements; and experience working with or implementing niche Social Housing software applications (such as Capita Academy Housing, Capita OPENHousing, Civica Universal Housing, Aareon QL, Orchard Housing/arcHouse, Northgate Housing, MIS ActiveH, Kypera Housing, et al.) Desirable skills include a qualification in a formal Project Management methodology such as PRINCE**** account management experience, a strong commercial awareness, a handson approach to client software delivery, excellent time task management skills, top class communication skills and training experience. An excellent career opportunity with a progressive organisation that looks after their employees, is on offer to the successful candidate, as well as a highly competitive benefits package that includes performance related financial incentives /bonuses, flexitime, private healthcare and a contributory pension. This is an immediate requirement and an exciting opportunity to work for a growing organisation in a supportive and friendly environment. You will be requirement to travel as part of this role and as a result will need a driving license; however the travelling requirement is on an ad hoc basis and more often than not you will be office based.Code Red Associates acts as an Employment Agency/Business with regards to this vacancy. As an Equal Opportunities employer Code Red welcomes applications regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, disability or age. All applicants are considered on the basis of their merits and abilities for the job.