Title: Systems Analyst  Central London  ****
Webindex: 71565460
Company: Ashdown IT
Description: Business Systems Analyst  London. A leading construction business is looking for a proven Business Systems Analyst to join its expanding team. In order to be suitable for this role you must have an established track record of analytical thinking and well developed people skills, in conjunction with an excellent understanding of SQL. The Information Systems Manager will be responsible for reviewing, analysing and modifying SQL based systems, so you must have a good understanding of SQL databases and web and clientserver concepts. This role would particularly suit a Systems Analyst who has progressed from a SQL database design and integration, or .Net development, role. Taking a lead role on Information Systems across the Group and project managing the delivery of business critical systems, the role will require a person to:  Define requirements with the business  Propose and assist in the creation of the system design and functional specification  Manage resource to deliver the solution (internal or outsourced)  Define and manage the test environment, arranging test data  Provide SQL based reports to the business  Write technical procedures, operational documentation and userguides Working directly with both management and the user community you will build up a detailed knowledge of business requirements displaying the ability to recommend and implement solutions in accordance with business need. You will be particularly focussed on the ongoing support, maintenance and improvement of a Sage ERP system, and will be expected to investigate and resolve application functionality issues in conjunction with a 3rd party supplier. Those with a track record in systems design, application support and testing will be strongly considered. This is an excellent opportunity for an articulate Systems Analyst to join a market leading company that invests heavily in its staff and offers a range of attractive benefits. Please CLEARLY state all relevant technology experience on your Word CV to stand the best chance of securing an interview. Please quote job ref: ASH****DO in your subject line. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SystemsAnalystCentralLondon****_job****