Title: Operations Sector Manager
Webindex: 72240375
Company: Travail Employment Group
Description: Operations Sector Manager  IT Company Annesley, Nottingham c****k plus car/car allowance and bonus Permanent position Overall responsibility for all aspects of leadership, management and performance of The Security Operations Team. Responsibilities Delivering the highest possible levels of customer satisfaction through making us easy to do business with. All aspects of customer service delivery from raising an order to delivering to delivering it. All aspects of stock and order management including the administration of special bids and their associated rebates. An end to end renewals process including proactive and reactive quotations, delivered to SLA and all aspects of renewals administration including reporting. Responsibility for the renewals sales target for your respective vendors. TBC Appropriate support to the SAT. Producing new business quotations to SLA's. Exception management reporting (e.g. margin analysis). Involvement in working capital management and accounts liaison. Driving business efficiency and automation. Customer satisfaction survey Service level agreements Stock turn Stock write off Rebate claims Renewal sales Quote SLA Future Objectives Closer liaison Stock turn Stock write off Rebate claims Renewal sales Quote SLA Future Objectives Closer liaison with vendors and vendor management Business and trend analysis using Cognos Continuous process review to deliver greater efficiency Tracking and reporting key performance indicators Up sell and cross sell from both quote and renewals staff Cloud delivery. The ideal candidate will have the following skills, attributes and experience: Honest, hardworking, reliable and diligent Excellent negotiation and communication skills, able to liaise with internal and external contacts of all levels Able to work as part of a team or on own initiative Literate, numerate and confident in Excel, Word and other Microsoft Office Tools Capable of paying close attention to detail Commercial awareness Confident personality Determined approach Targetorientated/Resultsfocused Knowledge of the IT sector essentialTravail Employment Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OperationsSectorManager_job****