Title: EMS Information Analyst
Webindex: 68676040
Company: Ortolan Group Plc
Description: EMS Information Analyst The Company Hobsons Plc is a wholly owned subsidiary, within the DMG Information division, of the Daily Mail and General Trust [DMGT]  one of the largest media groups in Europe. Hobsons itself is a global company and leads the world in providing recruitment and enrolment management products and services to universities worldwide. Hobsons employs over **** staff within the Hobsons Group of companies (Hobsons US, College Confidential, Naviance; Hobsons Australia; Hobsons Europe and ECCTIS) and has offices in the UK, US and Australia. Hobsons provides innovative solutions that allow education professionals to connect the right students with the right education providers, positioning both educators and students for success. Overview As the Management Information Analyst you will provide analytical support to our current partners and the senior management team. You will work closely with the wider EMS management team to produce regular reports on activity including, analysing and monitoring patterns, trends and behaviours and making recommendations that improve the quality and efficiency of the services provided to our partners. In order to be successful in this position you will need to have both the technical skills and intellectual capability to manage a wide range of responsibilities. You will also require a high level of initiative and an inquisitive nature, and a level of commercial acumen which will enable you to add real value to the business from day one. You will have a good educational background at degree level, as well as ideally at least 12 months experience as an analyst within another business.You will be highly IT literate and must be familiar with databases and extremely competent with Excel, knowledge of Crystal reporting would also be useful. You will also have a good grasp of the other MS Office applications. Objectives Work with EMS Reporting Coordinator to deliver flawless, accurate and insightful reports to our current client base on a weekly, monthly, quarterly and adhoc basis Understand and fulfill clients’ reporting requirements including industry / market research and ad hoc reports Work closely with the Head of Client Services, EMS and the Operations Managers to provide support, direction and relevant analysis to our partner base Responsibilities ? To ensure that Hobsons EMS meets its reporting requirements, including but not limited to the regular reporting suite ? To achieve client satisfaction of the reporting requirements – delivering accurate reports and analysis in a timely manner ? Liaise with the Student Support Officers, Operations Managers, EMS Managers and the Director, Product and Client Services and provide support / guidance to them as required in relation to reporting ? Develop new reports in line with internal and external information requirements ? Keep up to date with market developments and new technology available ? Proactively identify areas for improvement / development ? Take responsibility for and problem solve both external and internal issues to a satisfactory conclusion ? Meticulous approach to the production of high quality work ? A strong analytical mind Essential Skills Required ? Relevant degree or minimum 2 years experience in a similar role ? Outstanding and proven Excel skills ? Advanced SQL skills ? Advanced VBA skills ? A high level of initiative ? Ability to work in an environment of continuous improvement ? An advanced knowledge of Microsoft Access ? Ability to perform well under pressure ? Ability to perform in proactive, rather than reactive manner ? A thorough knowledge of CRMS software and its applications ? A high standard of written and communication skills ? Ability to manage personal times and meets established deadlines ? High level of skill in dealing with conflicting priorities ? Knowledge of international education market and process/procedures Personal Skills Required – A positive and professional attitude – Attention to detail – Strong organisation skills and ability to retrieve information quickly – Ability to manage personal time and meets established deadlines and perform well under pressure – Excellent interpersonal skills – Flexibility It is the policy of this organisation to provide equal opportunities for all employees and trainees. The company will also take every action possible to avoid direct and indirect discrimination on the grounds of sex, sexual orientation, race, ethnic origin, religion and belief, disability or age.Please be aware that you may be subject to an Experian background check should your application be successful. Your consent will be obtained prior to any checks. To apply for this position please send your CV to Jane Johnstone at the Ortolan Group. Ortolan Group Plc is engaged by Hobsons to review CVs and submit those which match the employer’s requirements. By applying for this role, you authorise us to pass your CV and details to the employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EMSInformationAnalyst_job****