Title: Build And Release Engineer Job In Belfast
Webindex: 67404160
Company: CPL Newry & Belfast
Description: Build and Release Engineer Job in Belfast Are you a talented Build and Release Engineer with experience in an Agile environment? Are you commutable from Belfast? Are you bored in your current role and need a fresh challenge? Are you the type of person who likes to question things, maybe create new ideas and build on them? Would you like to work in an Agile environment with really friendly, helpful people? Read on, as this role is definitely one you should be applying for. The Client This is an exciting job opportunity for an experienced Build and Release Engineer to join a forward thinking company where talent is embraced and not ignored. This role will challenge your skill set and you need to be confident in your own area. Having at least 3 years experience in release and configuration management previously whilst being confident in taking responsibility for functionality, availability, and reliability of software will be crucial to this role. Your immediate team, the people that you will work with is really talented and like to involve everyone is their decisions so if you want to be part of this cohesive environment, read on to see if you match . Job Role: To give you a taste of what you ll be involved in please see below: You will be involved with supporting the release needs of multiple agile software development teams whilst providing expertise and assistance through the full development lifecycle You will be familiar with multiple release methods, tools and SCM systems and use this to maintain and improve the tool set to follow industry best practice Experience and skill set requirements: You will be a talented, ambitious Build and Release Engineer with ideally 3 years  experience Ideally, you ll have experience with software version control systems (Subversion, Clearcase, etc) Experience with structured build tools Ant, Maven, etc Knowledge of Windows and Unix/Linux environments Working knowledge of a scripting language such as Python or Perl For an extra boost, experience or indeed exposure to an Agile environment would send you to the top of applicants applying for this. This unique opportunity will be filled quickly so if you are in a role at the moment and bored with the same **** conveyor belt of mundane projects, you definitely should be applying for this. If you re simply curious or would maybe like to find out more, I d be delighted to speak with you either by email or phone as below. CPL Contact: To apply or for further information, please contact Neil Corrigan **** **** **** **** or email your CV to neil.corrigancplni.com Keywords: , Build and Release Engineer, Oracle, Sybase, MySQL, automated testing, software testing, agile testing, ant, maven, tomcat, building, release management, subversion, clearcase.