Title: Software Architect / Net Team Leader Shropshire
Webindex: 68544976
Company: Senitor Associates Limited
Description: Software Architect / .Net Team Leader Shropshire You will have an enterprise level understanding of the .Net framework to be suitable for this role this is an outstanding opportunity to move away from coding into a team lead / architectural role ensuring the build of an enterprise service system. My client is a leader across the UK with an international presence and they are currently at the top of their game. They have adopted a new approach which has secured an additional 1.9 million investment and they have been awarded various accreditations for excellence as well as Investors in People. You should have a combination of the following:  Technical skills:  Knowledge of .Net technologies ASP.Net / C or Java / web technologies such as JavaScript, XML, HTML.  An awareness of Sharepoint and how it is best implemented users within business  Database knowledge SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL  Understanding of various methodologies agile, RUP etc  Knowledge of unit and systems testing and implementing new test plans  Understand the importance of documentation and quality management  Knowledge of version control and configuration  Functional skills:  Excellent communication skills  Leadership skills and experience overseeing a team  Experience of costing and resourcing  Able to identify customer needs  Liaison with Stakeholders in laymens terms  Lead proposals for improvements  Assessment of business and functional specifications  Coordinate projects This is a key role within this business, reporting directly to the IT Manager and will the ability to deputise when necessary. You will be involved I underpinning the need so the business as discussed with Stakeholders or the users and lead the team in adding additional functionality and achieving the capabilities of the operational systems. There are a number of projects running alongside each other and you will also be responsible for aligning these, leading the team, coordinating projects and improving methods. You will be an advocate for enhancement and be greatly involved in leveraging SharePoint from its current use within the business. You will probably will working as a senior .Net Developer ( ASP.Net / C ) currently and looking to move away from handson development or you will already be a team leader or software / technical architect looking to work for a business in Shropshire that values its staff and can offer huge potential. Benefits include good pension, free / subsidised onsite facilities lunch, gym, tennis etc as well as the chance to move towards management and lead enterprise level projects. To apply please send your CV today to kate.morrellsenitor.com or call me on **** **** **** for more information. Senitor have just won Best National Online Recruitment Agency as voted by our candidates and presented at the NORA awards Trust us with your most important job search we produce results See more opportunities at: URL removed Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.