Title: Applications Developer  Build and Release (Applications, Developer, Development)
Webindex: 67803295
Description: Applications Developer  Build and Release (Applications, Developer, Development) Location: Newport Salary: **** to **** (plus benefits and pension) Key Skills: Applications Development, Build and Release, Java, Oracle, Oracle WebLogic, Rational ClearCase, RTC/Jazz About Us Our Information Management team, 230strong over two sites, has a hugely important part to play in modernising and streamlining the Office for National Statistics. And as we develop as a team, so will your career. We'll invest in your personal and professional development, and we'll support and finance accredited qualifications and chartered status. For the Office for National Statistics, people count. Whether that's the people across the country whose lives our work helps to shape, or the people who work here, producing vital statistics that informs decision making in our society and economy. We achieve results by investing in the people who work with us, rewarding their contribution and enabling a better work/life balance. We're a welcoming and friendly community of professionals, we respect each other and we're very social. We've some impressive onsite facilities too, including a gym, coffee shop, even a hairdresser. About the role This is a DevOps role. As well as building application releases from software provided by our development teams, the Applications Developer  Build and Release will also be working on the configuration and scripts supporting these systems and providing release notes to the test and operational deployment teams. You will deploy to the test environments and will also support developers, testers and other teams in defect resolution whilst providing technical support. You'll use our software configuration management tools and support our continuous integration and code quality tools. About you The Applications Developer  Build and Release will have got good programming skills in a variety of languages, preferably in Java/Oracle. A knowledge of Oracle WebLogic application server, Rational ClearCase or IBM's RTC/Jazz platform would be advantageous. You will however have good problem solving skills, be committed to source code management principles, possess a keen interest in learning new technologies and have a passion for investigating ways to improve the work of the team. You'll also be a good communicator and comfortable dealing with people face to face as well as by telephone/email. Apply For more information about us and our jobs and in order to apply for the role as Applications Developer  Build and Release please click the apply button Closing Date: 10th of February