Title: IT Project Manager COTS Infrastructure
Webindex: 69044165
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: IS Project Manager  KENT  Salary to ****k  Package **** month Fixed Term Contract As a Project Manager you will manage, plan and execute small, medium and large scale business improvement/change projects through all phases of the project lifecycle. These will be in relation to internal systems including a selection of COTS applications and core infrastructure projects as well as wider business change projects. The main objective is the planning and execution of projects to the agreed deadlines, within budget, ensuring the quality standards are met and the business requirements and benefits are met. A team player you will need to develop strong relationships, particularly with the BA and business lead. You should have experience of using MS project in delivering projects and be able to deliver under pressure. You should be able to demonstrate an ability to coordinate internal and external stakeholders and deliver a range of complex projects This is a fantastic opportunity to develop your core Project Management skills with a market leader. To be considered you should be able to demonstrate previous experience of the following skills   IT focused project management experience  Microsoft Project knowledge  Previous experience of COTS Applications, Infrastructure and Business Change projects  Strong stakeholder management If you are interested in applying please send in your CV NOW for immediate consideration. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITProjectManagerCOTSInfrastructure_job****