Title: Junior IT Support Technician  Graduate, Training, Windows, AD,
Webindex: 72127452
Company: Senitor Associates
Description: Junior IT Support Technician  Graduate, Training, Windows, AD, Exchange, LANs, VPNs, VMWare, Networking, Switches, Routers, Firewalls, Cisco Farnham  Up to ****  benefits My client is based near Farnham and is looking for a proactive and passionate Junior IT Support Technician to join their expanding yet small team. You will be responsible for the maintenance, troubleshooting and upgrading of their hardware, software and peripherals. This is an excellent opportunity for someone who is looking for the next step in their career and is looking to get involved in all aspects within the IT department. You will offers hands on support to their network infrastructure and desktop and server operating systems. In order to apply for this position you must have a stable and progressive career history and be looking for a 1st/ 2nd Line position with opportunity for growth. As well as writing technical documentation, you will log calls, resolve issues, deploy systems and ensure the smooth running of all internal systems. The key skills that my client is looking for are experience with Windows, AD, Exchange, BES, FTP, backup procedures, LANs, VPNs, VMWare, Networking, Switches, Routers, Firewalls Alongside the core technical skills, my client is looking for a proactive individual who can use their initiative as well as demonstrating the ability to work as part of a small team. A technical degree or any Microsoft qualifications (MCSE or MCIPT or CCNA) are highly desirable to your application. You must be very client facing and customer focused as essentially you will be the face of the IT department. Good communication skills; both written and spoken, is integral to this role as well as the ability to work under pressure. The client is looking for someone that has got room to grow into the position so this is ideal for anyone that has been in a solid 2nd line support role and is looking for that next step. The client is looking for a very personable candidate that has bags of enthusiasm with drive and a passion for IT. Prioritising and organisation are paramount to this post. The salary is up to **** depending on experience. With a competitive salary and plenty of room to grow, this position will not be on the market for long…Send me your CV ASAP. Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JuniorITSupportTechnicianGraduateTrainingWindowsAD_job****