Title: Junior / Middleweight Web Designer / Developer
Webindex: 71445098
Company: H2 Creative Ltd
Description: Junior/Middleweight Web Designer/Developer Salary: ****  **** Dependant on experience We have an exciting opening for an experienced Web Developer to join our successful, expanding agency. This is fantastic opportunity to join a highly skilled and creative team of designers and developers, within an organisation that prides itself on offering outstanding career progression. What we re looking for: A recent graduate or developer with 13 years commercial experience. You will work on projects that vary in size, from a few days to several months. We re a busy agency, so you ll be at the very forefront of our projects from the start to finish. You ll get to exercise your skills working within a diverse range of industries, with exciting and global brands. This will include: Frontend development (HTML/CSS Templates, AJAX and jQuery functions). Database integration and web application development using SQL Server (ASP/ASP.NET). Liaising with clients and the design team. Campaignrelated activities such as HTML emails and social media. About you: You must be proactive, a good communicator and a jobfinisher. You have an inbuilt eye for design, evolving concepts with an obsessive attention to detail. You love innovation and new techniques, making your websites fully responsive. You can develop and adapt a site design to improve user experience and usability. Your skills: HTML5 CSS3 AJAX JavaScript and jQuery ASP/ASP.NET MS SQL Develop and test across multiple browsers, platforms, and devices Standardscompliant code Good understanding of SEO and accessibility standards What you get: A great career working for a young, dynamic and very successful webagency in Wiltshire. An opportunity to work in a friendly environment, for a company that looks after its people. A chance to show off what you can do. When we want you: We ll start interviewing from 18th February. So you ll need to get your application, CV and links to examples of your work to us by 15th February.