Title: Technical Lead / Development Manager (C, Net)
Webindex: 69891693
Description: Harvey Nash s client is currently looking for a high skilled hands on Technical Lead / Development Manager (.Net, C and SQL Server skills) to join their team in Glasgow City Centre offices on a permanent basis. The successful candidate will work on a variety of internal and client facing projects, across the entire SDLC. Varying from Mobile, Cloud, FrontEnd and BackEnd Development projects. The role: You will provide technical and people leadership for an inhouse programming team focussed on financial modelling applications. Producing and promoting highquality C code and SQL Server logic for browserbased, desktop based and serviceoriented applications and frameworks whilst building an interest in familiarising yourself and the team with F code where appropriate. In addition, the successful candidate will analyse, architect, design, program and support financial modelling related applications. You will be overseeing the development of new and existing applications, including design, coding, testing, and implementation within an agile development framework for all of their projects, Working on both small and larger development projects (including multisite development teams). Your role will be split between ****0% Hands on Development and 50% Managing and Leading the team currently sitting at 5 Developers and with scope to increase headcount over the next ****6 months The ideal Lead Developer / Technical Lead: A collaborative leadership style with an emphasis on relationship building and mentoring. Strong planning and organisational skills with strong attention to detail. Able to adapt to an agile development environment with emphasis on code quality. Versatile and openminded to new and emerging technologies and methodologies Strong communication, listening and questioning skills. A strong team player with a motivational handson approach Energetic and dynamic with a proactive can do attitude and a high degree of selfmotivation and drive. Has a real focus on delivery. A keen problemsolver with the desire and interest to solve difficult technical challenges. The ideal Technical Skills: Ideally hold a degree in computer science or a related subject. Proven skills in leading and developing technical people Hands on experience with as many as possible of the following: ASP.NET MVC 3 (or above), C, F, SQL Server, WinForms, WPF, Silverlight, LINQ, JavaScript, Azure. Knowledge or exposure of VBA and Bloomberg would be beneficial but not essential. Interest of functional programming styles, F, parallel programming techniques and / or highperformance computing would also be very beneficial but not essential Expertise in developing scalable and optimised solutions will be beneficial. Proven ability to work in a testfocussed / continuous delivery environment. Demonstrate translating end user / business requirements into specifications and in turn into robust solutions. Ability to liaise with stakeholders and manage relationships Strong analysis and technical skills. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for great company who are in offering an exciting environment to work in where the actively encourage new ideas. Our client is offering a highly competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package. They are also committed to the personal/career development of all their employees and this position offers excellent growth potential within a growing organisation. If you are based in the Glasgow office you will be expected to travel to their London office around 34 times a month and must be comfortable with this. So should the above sound like you then please send a copy of your latest CV highlighting your suitability for the role to Click here to contact this recruiter or give me a call for a confidential discussion on **** **** **** 