Title: Channel Manager/Partner Manager (SaaS / eCom)
Webindex: 68360403
Company: Stafford Sharp Associates
Description: Channel Manager / Partner Manager (SAAS) – London / Remote Office Skills – Channel Account Management, Partner Manager, SAAS (CRM, ERP, eCommerce, MCommerce), SI, Marketing, Go to Market Plans, Relationship Management, Partner Recruitment, Trade shows, enterprise Software. We have a superb opportunity for a Channel Manager – start 2013 by joining one of the most respected Multichannel Vendors rated in the top 3 and join a fast paced eCommerce Platform Leader. The channel manager rapidly assimilate go to market strategies and apply them to improve partner selling efforts, increase conversion rates, and excellence level of service delivery. The position includes travelling within UK and will be reporting to the Channel Manager EMEA. As a Channel Manager you’ll currently be working for a Enterprise software company ideally in SAAS (CRM / ERP) but ideally any experience in the eCommerce / MultiChannel Arena would be a massive plus – (ATG, IBM Websphere, Demandware, Hybris OmniCommerce, NetSuite, Sterling commerce). As an established Channel Manager you’ll have a proven track record of driving Partner Sales, and recruiting Partners / SI’s across the UK. Your Responsibilities Ensure ongoing, significant Company presence in our UK region System Integrators partners. Recruit new regional partners as required to support regional strategies. Develop and manage business plans with partners. Drive incremental opportunities/revenues through partners and manage lead registration process with partners. Collaborate with regional sales teams to engage SI partners in active opportunities to propose and implement the Solution (ecommerce Platform) Collaborate with regional marketing team to develop and launch regional marketing initiatives (e.g. seminars, webinars, whitepapers, trade shows). Collaborate with channel enablement and services teams to develop and manage training/enablement plans. Manage overall relationship. Your Qualifications Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Economics, Marketing, Software (MBA is preferred). Strong background in alliances or channel management or Partner Management. 5  years of experience with an enterprise software and/or and consulting company. Experience managing relationships with partners (ISVs or consulting companies). Strong interpersonal skills with ability to comfortable work at executive level. Strong verbal and written communications skills. Selfstarter with ability to successfully work remotely from headquarters. Displays passion for and responsibility to the partner community. Displays personal and corporate integrity, strong teamwork and a passion for what you do and a drive to improve. Achievement orientation, Driven, creative thinking, enthusiasm and openminded. If you are an established Channel Manager / Partner Manager looking for an exciting new opportunity for 2013 this is the role for you – my Client promotes an empowered culture, allowing all employees the ability to contribute and to make a difference. They value people that do what it takes to deliver superior results and embrace innovative technology and new ideas. – Apply now with a Word CV and shake up 2013… This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ChannelManagerPartnerManagerSaaSeCom_job****