Title: Service Desk Agent
Webindex: 71850958
Company: Blue Arrow Catering – Oxford
Description: Our Basingstoke based client are looking for a number of Service Desk Agents to join their team for a 23 month contract starting in February. The primary function of the role is to take customer calls and handle them according to processes, performing tasks to resolve faults and answer queries then escalate tickets as necessary. Responsibilities: Answering customer telephone calls in a timely and professional manner. Logging customer calls into the call logging system, ensuring all necessary details are accurately captured. Progress 1st line calls, keeping customers updated, according to the commitments in the customers` SLA. Performing 1st line technical diagnostics and fixes in a confident and knowledgeable manner. Remotely accessing equipment located on a customer site to perform basic diagnostics checks. Implementing DNS, web hosting, URL filtering and ECC changes. Escalating customer fault tickets to Technical Support where necessary. Logging and progressing support tickets with suppliers where needed to resolve support issues. Monitoring customer support requests submitted via email. General knowledge of routers would be an advantage. Skills and Experience: Good written and verbal communication skills. Professional and confident telephone manner. Able to demonstrate diplomacy and understanding to customers. Logical problemsolving approach is essential. Able to understand and use call logging software and telephone call queuing systems at an operator level. Good knowledge of IT necessary, preferably serviceprovider based. Experience working in a helpdesk / callcentre environment, IT or telco based. Blue Arrow is one of the UK`s largest recruitment businesses, dedicated to providing bespoke staffing solutions through a network of specialist branches and onsite locations. For over 50 years, our priority has been to work in partnership with our clients and candidates to secure longterm relationships. Blue Arrow provides an extended range of permanent and temporary recruitment services to a variety of public and private sector clients in the following areas:  Catering and Hospitality  Secretarial and Admin  Driving  Industrial and Manufacturing  Distribution and Warehousing This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceDeskAgent_job****