Title: Customer Services Support Officer/ICT Practitioner  Transformation
Webindex: 62012546
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Customer Services Support Officer/ICT Practitioner  Transformation Reference no: Northumberland **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: NE**** 2 What s involved with this role: Working alone on simple systems, or with colleagues, on more complex systems, produces outline system specifications covering, for example: objectives, scope, constraints (such as performance, resources etc.), hardware, network and software environments, main system functions and information flows, dataload and implementation strategies, phasing of development, requirements not met and alternatives considered. Installs or removes hardware and/or software, using supplied installation instructions and tools within established procedures and quality systems, including, where appropriate, handover to client. Follows agreed standards, including, where appropriate, those for electrical work. . Helps to resolve problems (e.g. poor performance) and faults (e.g. system failure), occurring in the operation of hardware and software especially those requiring greater installation expertise. Carries out the builds and tests in coordination with testers and component specialists, maintaining and administering the tools and methods manual or automatic. Reviews releases, upgrades and fixes available from system software and hardware suppliers and identifies those which merit action. Maintains awareness of existing and emerging software and hardware solutions and develops upgrade plans. Receives and logs requests for support from helpdesk, other service delivery staff and/or users. Prioritise requests in accordance with agreed criteria and the needs of the organisation. Carries out the full range of defined tasks associated with operating and controlling the installed hardware and software. This may involve the use of multiple hardware and software platforms. Conducts investigations of operational problems, makes proposals for improvement and implements them when appropriate. Participates in reviews of systems performance, provides advice and assists. Specification, installation, support and maintenance of Computer equipment including laptops and other handheld devices as technology advances. Supporting operating systems. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Extensive knowledge of the Microsoft Portfolio of products to include: Office 2010, Exchange. Specification, installation, support and maintenance of servers utilising Windows 2008 Knowledge of communications networks, predominantly utilising CISCO equipment. Appreciation of Voice over IP (VOIP) technologies and their implementation. Knowledge of Internet technologies, the use of filtering software and hardware, antivirus products and an appreciation of network security issues. Knowledge of databases and server systems, their place in the market and their implementation at the Council. Backup, Recovery and Security technologies and their use at the Council. Ability to train to a professional standard on the Microsoft portfolio of products. Understanding of other business specific administrative applications. Specification, installation, support and maintenance of Database systems. Knowledge of Multitiered and Client Server technologies. Knowledge of Intranet and Internet technologies and supporting technologies, for example Apache or IIS web servers. Business car insurance required for travelling to other sites for helpdesk calls Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Experience of Sophos Safeguard Protection, Equitrac, Xerox, Axios Assyst Ebusiness would be beneficial Any local authority experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Transformation/ICT/Customer Services Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 3 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited