Title: Service Desk Support/Technical Support
Webindex: 68359028
Company: Sanderson
Description: My client  a leading telecoms business  are looking to hire a Service Desk Support Analyst to work in their Customer Management Centre, based in Caldicot, South Wales. In the role, the candidate will be the central contact point for customer technical incident escalations and be responsible for their progression and closure. Technical responsibilities cover all aspects of VOIP (voice over IP), messaging and applications within my client's network product portfolio. The role will require the candidate to work **** hour days and nights  4 days on, 4 days off, attracting a 30% shift allowance. Key Responsibilities: Take incident calls via the telephone Fault diagnosis with the end user and the provision of help and advice Log fault calls on to the Service Management System using defined procedures to ensure accuracy in the recording of fault data Update faults recorded on SAP with progress information and brief customers Escalate incidents to other Engineering teams or 3rd parties following defined procedures Qualifications: The candidate should ideally have experience in the Telecommunications or Data IP networking industry with an understanding of switching products, their network infrastructure and the protocols associated with them. The employee will need excellent communication skills, be highly motivated and be able to offer high standards of technical excellence. The candidate will need a strong commitment to customer service, have an analytical approach to problems and be able to work under pressure. Be able to diagnose user faults using the resources available i.e. via telephone support, remote access, and use of lab facilities and site visits when required. This is a fantastic opportunity for a talented Technical Support/Service Desk specialist to join a highly reputable, exciting company. My client is seeking an ambitious, enthusiastic individual with the drive to succeed and progress their career. Apply now for more details. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ServiceDeskSupportTechnicalSupport_job****