Title: Release Manager (Documentum)
Webindex: 71335429
Company: DCV Technologies
Description: Release Manager ( Documentum) Title: Release Manager (Documentum) Location: London and some travel to Worthing and Telford Salary: ********  flexible benefits Skills: Documentum, Release management, Content Management, Document Management. My client is a leading Global Consultancy. They require a Release Manager (Documentum)to join a highly important and detailed project. As a Release Manager (Documentum), you will be responsible for the management and coordination of DCTM (Documentum) releases in test/implementation phases to various test environments and live service. You will manage DCTM (Documentum) CM deliveries/deployments from completion of development to the handover of environment to test. You will also act as the single DCTM (Documentum) point of contact for TIS/CM/Project with regards to DCTM (Documentum) CM handovers and deployments minimising the development team's involvement. As a Release Manager (Documentum) your main responsibilities will involve: Work with DCTM (Documentum) Technical leads/CM/TIS to define DCTM Release process Own and Drive DCTM Integration and Release process Produce CM Deliveries in accordance with standard schedule and for any adhoc deliveries. a) Ensure that Dev teams have prepared code delivery b) Prepare supporting handover documentation (Handover form and associated email notifications) c) Prepare supporting delivery information (Create Release notes and update Release Matrix) d) Handover code and documentation to CM Derive, publish and maintain forwards schedule of change for ST, ISIT and Clone environment builds in line with prevailing programme plan ensuring correct versions are identified and documented. Facilitate communication between DCTM/TIS/CM in order to ensure successful CM handovers/deployment (eg setting up/moderating deployment sessions, holding any planned/adhoc meetings between these teams to resolve deployment/handover issues etc.,) Represent DCTM in Project deployment calls/meetings and provide meaningful updates on progress/status and on any actions undertaken Communicate regularly with Development Team regarding updates/enhancements to delivery process ensuring the team are informed of all changes that effect the build and delivery process. Periodically review tools/process to ensure still best fit Plan and Drive deployment proving activities and ensure that DCTM has a repeatable and reliable deployment process The successful Release Manager (Documentum) will have the following skills and experiences. Solid and Demonstrable Release Management experience. Knowledge of Documentum Strong understanding of Content and Document Management solutions Being flexible, professional, positive and proactive and adapting to the demands of the circumstances in order to ensure success of deliverables from DCTM around CM handovers/Deployment. Taking ownership for issues to ensure they are resolved Sticking to relevant procedures; meeting quality standards Putting in sustained effort to ensure objectives are achieved and promises kept. Experience of working in a team environment and taking responsibility for coaching, mentoring and supervising more junior members of staff. Coming up with a range of solutions to problems and weighing these to make logical decisions. Gathering relevant information from a range of sources, questioning and evaluating its accuracy SelfManagement and Personal Development Prioritising demands workload to make efficient use of resource and working with PMs to understand delivery commitments and aligning dev schedule accordingly Keeping key stakeholders informed and consulting with them for key decisions Knowledge of project is structure, the suppliers, the customers and main contact points for own area. Making improvements to existing practices This is a great opportunity for an experienced Release Manager to join a World leading consultancy and work on a high profile and crucial project. For further information or to apply, please contact Glen Murphy. Title: Release Manager (Documentum) Location: London and some travel to Worthing and Telford Salary: ******** basic and flexible benefits Skills: Documentum, Release management, Content Management, Document Management.