Title: Lead Test Engineer
Webindex: 70781951
Company: TLP Consultancy Ltd.
Description: THE COMPANY Our Client is an Industry leader in the provision of financial products and services. ROLE PROFILE Job Title: Lead Test Engineer Reports to: Test Manager PURPOSE: Working closely with the Test Manager, Test Analysts and other Test Engineers, the role holder will lead the Test Automation programme, extending the use of automated GUI regression testing across SCRUM and Waterfall teams, against .NET and web platforms. The role holder will be required to identify, document and assist in resolving defects in test execution and work continually to develop and improve test methods, tools and techniques. They will also be involved in designing best practice solutions that align to key value drivers, and be responsible for managing their implementation. The purpose of the role is: To develop regression test suites of functional and endtoend tests using the chosen test automation tool (presently HP Quick Test Professional ****). To provide Test Automation as a service within projects, identifying areas suitable for automation and outlining the costs  benefits of its use. To run  maintain regression test packs, providing required level of reporting into project teams. To mentor seconded team members and test engineers, ensuring they conform to defined standards and methodologies, and assisting them in doing so. To ensure that applications and solutions implemented within the Test Function are aligned to the agreed Business Operating Model and IT Strategy. To ensure that development performed within the Test function adheres to architectural standards agreed with the IT architecture team. FUNCTIONAL ACCOUNTABILITIES: The role will be responsible for protecting the data value drivers of the organisation namely: Design generic, core reusable solutions to support a flexible and rapid delivery model Design solutions that meet Regulatory, legal and internal Risk requirements Design appropriate cost solutions for set up and maintenance costs Maintain and extend the Value of Business IP held within the organisation whilst maintaining the industry leading service proposition The role will therefore entail: Software Engineering : Providing proposals and defining benefits for changing existing solutions, to support the aims of future organisation, e.g. quality, costs, risks, flexibility Developing and owning the architecture, tools to support testing and solutions development Maintain a good knowledge of developments in technologies, approaches and methodologies in order to understand potential current and future applications Ensure defined methodologies and practises are applied and adhered to Manage and develop a technical test team to build test capability support for high availability and complex transactional based systems Define, select and implement automation tools and strategy Create and maintain appropriate documentation for defined test solutions THE CANDIDATE Educated to Degree level or professional equivalent ISEB Certified (Foundation qualification as a minimum) Skills and Knowledge Strong demonstrable skills in developing test automation within HP Quick Test Pro. Excel VBA programming. Experience in defining and implementing automation test strategies. Knowledge of the advantages and disadvantages of different test automation approaches. Experience in delivering automation using keyword driven frameworks. Experience automating .NET desktop and web based technologies. A creative and open attitude towards exploring and developing test solutions across existing and new technologies. Ability to build and maintain relationships with technical and nontechnical stakeholders across differing business areas. Experience Minimum of 5 years commercial experience working with HP QTP Experience of performing in either an architectural or lead test engineer role within a large IT department SALARY AND BENEFITS ****  ****  15% On target Bonus  Benefits TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/LeadTestEngineer_job****