Title: Senior Games Designer
Webindex: 68667521
Company: CV Bay
Description: Senior Games Designer–AAA Studio–London**** We are urgently in need of a Senior Games Designer with experience working as Senior Designer, Principal Designer, Design Director, or Creative Director. Candidates from any senior design position will be considered if they have overseen a serious AAA Action, FPS, RPG Game or similar from Concept to completion. A real passion for serious mainstream console games is essential. The Senior Games Designer will be based in a major award winning AAA studio in London, which boasts some of the biggest cross platform releases in recent memory. You will be in a position to influence the creative direction of some of the most exciting cutting edge serious console games out there and be involved in developing new and current franchises with to a point where they have multi title success. It will be your responsibility to ensure the overall quality of our externallydeveloped AAA Xbox, PlayStation and PC games is as high as possible and most importantly make them fun to play. This company has a long history of creating some of the most memorable and highest profile franchises in games history. They are looking for a new games designer with a proven track record to push their products to the next level. Main Responsibilities: Oversee all aspects of a title from a creative and design standpoint. Guide our development partners in all areas of design. Offer constructive feedback, assistance solutions to developers to improve weak areas, and make strong areas even better. Work with project stakeholders to: Set design intentions and priorities for key features Set design milestones Review milestones Organize ongoing focus testing and usability tests Work to keep the game on the right track and ensure the stability of the creative direction. Ensure the balance and difficulty curve work well, and that gamers of different skill levels can all get a great experience from the games. Ensure the core game play is fun and challenging, and delivers the design intention as early as possible in the development. Help drive strategic decision making in terms of: what genres we pursue, what platforms we develop on, and titlespecific business models and demo content. I nnovate within the genre and in terms of the wider business Contribute original ideas, game designs and direction where required, including developing RFPs for new internallygenerated projects. Prepare presentations, status reports, solutions analysis and progress reports showing performance trends as required. Understand how your studio partners make games. Learn about their proprietary technology, editors, game engine, pipelines and who does what in the studio. Designers should be au fait with their partner studios tools and have an understanding of how to change basic content like editing geometry and adding game content. Help evolve departmental processes to ensure we remain as flexible and competitive as possible. Experience and skills: Must have a published AAA title to their name as a Lead Designer or similar. Familiar with popular design techniques, tools, processes and pipelines for building video games, including prototyping, scripting, level editing Knowledge of industry best practice. M ust understand what makes good games so special, and have the ability to pick games apart, pointing out what works and what doesn’t. Must love games, and play games in his/her spare time. If you are interested in the opportunity to work for this international leading studio call Dan Johnston on **** **** **** or email your CV detailing your desired start and salary requirements to dancvbay.co.uk This ad is posted by CV Bay on behalf of a client. All of our Adverts are for live Jobs we’re actively recruiting for. We are a UK based Games Recruitment agency. We have dedicated teams and account managers to ensure we give the best possible service. If this particular Advert isn’t of interest to you, but you are a Games Professional, please get in touch as we have new roles in on a daily basis. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorGamesDesigner_job****