Title: Electronics Test Engineer (Analogue/Digital Test)
Webindex: 64558871
Description: A West Midlands based SME has a great opportunity to join there fast growing organisation working on the leading LED lighting technology. This company is looking for multiple engineers across different disciplines, so you'll be joining a diverse R D department in a manufacturing environment.The role The successful Electronics Test Engineer will be responsible for supporting all phases of testing ranging from manual to automatic. This role will be reporting directly to the Senior Manufacturing Engineer. You'll receive training and assistance with your development to guide you through and get you up to speed with their products. They describe themselves as an 'investor of people' offering a fantastic working environment and career prospects for any Electronics Test Engineer.You You'll be required to test analogue and digital based electronics for their LED lighting products. In addition, you'll be required to programme their testing machines to adhere to new projects. You'll also be working in an EMC environment so if you have experience in this area, it would be an added bonus. As well as using new technologies, you'll also get a chance to work with older electronics on legacy product with specific modifications to bring in to the new era.Electronics Design Engineer Technical Skills:Analogue/Digital Electronics Testing'C' programming/AssemblyAutomatic/Manual TestingFault finding and Repair to component levelThe role of Electronics Test Engineer offers a great deal of diversity working for a fast growing business in the LED lighting sector. As the business develops, there will be opportunities for career progression as the business will require more experienced engineers.If you are interested in the position, looking to further develop you career in electronics test please forward your CV or call Jack on **** **** ****Interviews will be taking place throughout December, so please applyIf this electronics test engineer role isn't of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us.JAM is acting as an employment agency with regards to this positionView our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedInJAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.