Title: Senior PHP Developer  HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Webindex: 68712883
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Senior PHP Developer  HTML, CSS, JavaScript Leeds, West Yorkshire ****  **** Plus Potential Bonus, Contributory Pension, 25 Days' Holiday  Bank Holidays (option to purchase up to 10 days additional leave), Health Insurance Plan, Childcare Voucher Scheme Our client is a successful and ambitious company that is the leading software supplier, specialising in the key areas of asset management for public and private sector organisations mainly in the UK. It is very likely that some of the public buildings you have visited have had their assets managed using our products. They operate from an attractive and wellappointed office which is conveniently located in a vibrant part of Central Leeds with excellent transport links. An exciting opportunity has now arisen for a Senior PHP Developer to join their team. This is the ideal role for a highly experienced developer with strong PHP skills database and architecture design experience and a great management style looking to further their career with a leading and well established company. As a PHP Developer, you will be responsible for developing web based software for PCs and tablets. Working in an agile environment, you will utilise your experience and expertise in systems design and architecture to drive the development of new web products and facilitate our client in expanding its operations. To be considered for this role, you must have:  At least seven years' software development experience with at least three years' experience of working with PHP  Solid Database design experience  Proven application architecture design experience  At least one years' staff management experience  A thorough understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript  At a minimum, a degree level qualification Additionally, as a PHP Developer, you must be highly organised with strong creative flair and a penchant for problem solving. Excellent communication and presentation skills are also key, as is a strong leadership style and superb influencing abilities. Due to the nature of our client's involvement with government agencies, applicants must have the ability to verify all details provided and clear basic security checks prior to commencing this role. To apply for the role of Senior PHP Developer (HTML, CSS, JavaScript), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Senior PHP Developer, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP Developer, Senior PHP Application Developer, Lead PHP Web Developer, Software Architect, Senior PHP Architect, Senior Application Developer, Senior Web Application Developer, Development Team Lead. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorPHPDeveloperHTMLCSSJavaScript_job****