Title: Sharepoint Developer  Fund Manager  London
Webindex: 68496085
Company: Hays Finance Technology
Description: SharePoint Developer  Fund Manager  London My client is a global asset management company with major institutional and retail investors, financial institutions and high net worth clients. The Web Technology Team is part of Group IT and they are responsible for the development, support and consultancy support of the Intranet, Internet and Extranet applications. They must also ensure that the development is addressed according to a defined set of standards and it abides to changing production environments. Finally, the team provides consultancy services to other business units and core IT initiatives. The SharePoint Developer role is to provide services to the Business Collaboration Team in order to deliver supportable and functionally rich solutions in SharePoint. Key responsibilities include: Effective delivery and supportable solutions in SharePoint 2010 Consultancy services and guidance to further enhance existing web parts and applications Essential Skills Strong knowledge and understanding in Microsoft SharePoint 2010 Demonstrated experience with C, ASP.NET, PowerShell, IIS, SQL Development. Experience in developing and maintaining Web services. Experience of building application using Object Oriented methodology. KPI knowledge. Experience working with SQL Server 2008. Demonstrated years of SharePoint development experience. Experience with HTML and Javascript (preferably jQuery). Ability to understand business and technical requirements and architect solutions Must have a good understanding of software development life cycle (SDLC). Good communication skills and ability to justify approaches. Self motivating. Able to work both independently and within a team. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website.