Title: SQL Server DBA / Database Administrator  Woking, Surrey
Webindex: 70677037
Company: Evolution Recruitment Solutions
Description: SQL Server DBA/Database Administrator  Woking, Surrey. I have an urgent requirement for a Database Administrator with excellent skills SQL Server 2005 and **** and TSQL design and development. Main Responsibilities:  Database maintenance and administration.  Perform database tuning and monitor performance.  Perform application tuning and monitor performance.  Manage change control between nonlive and live environments.  Implement and maintain database security.  Capacity planning.  Service Broker messaging interface administration and development.  TSQL design and development.  Work closely with the Project Managers and other staff to establish needs and specify administration and development work. The Person: A suitable candidate will bring a creative, structured and analytical approach to problem solving with a solid background in a SQL Server Database administration environment. The ideal candidate will also have excellent organizational and communication skills, initiative, and the ability to work unsupervised within the team. The successful applicant will need to have skills and exposure to the following:  Proven analytical and problemsolving abilities.  Understanding of network load balancing and clustering.  Strong knowledge on how to implement Stored Procedures, Triggers and Cursors, Views, Database Normalization and Denormalization, Replication, Database performance, Indexing.  Ability to conduct research into database issues and related products as required.  Database performance tuning and monitoring tools.  Proactive and enthusiastic approach to SQL Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. If you would like to apply for this job please send your CV to david.macphersonevolutionjobs.co.uk