Title: QlikView Consultant: Learn From The Best 
Webindex: 71269743
Description: Become a Qlikview Consultant and learn from the best. An ideal role for a motivated reporting / BI (Business Intelligence) / database professional looking to progress into a QlikView Consultancy. Salary flexible depending on experience, excellent long term prospects using a growing technology. From continued growth in 2012 a fantastic new opportunity has arisen to work as QlikView Consultant and develop your skills by working with one of the top QlikView consultancies in the industry. Working as a consultant focusing on QlikView implementation and development projects you must be able to work independently, and may be working with several major clients at any one time. My client has their own training courses, and their own methodology for working, and by learning this you will be able to move easily from one project to another working alongside the best in the industry. I m looking for bright, educated and highly motivated individuals who will be able to represent this professional consultancy and who can take responsibility for building their own relationships with clients. As a consultant regular travel is to be expected as part of the role. Several of the companies key clients are based in Scotland, and regular travel to Rotherham will also be part of the role. Expenses will cover petrol and accommodation costs whenever this is required, but home working is also part of the package, and you should not expect to spend full weeks away from home. Responsibilities: Delivery of medium to large QlikView implementation projects across the UK o Ensure assigned projects are delivered within time and to quality standards o Foster strong client relationships Direct and manage the workload of contracted project resource Report any serious project risks/issues with immediate effect, dealing with all other issues independently Effective communication of project outputs o To clients (both technical and nontechnical) o Internally across functions Technical support o Provide 1st, 2nd and 3rd line technical support to clients o Escalate support issues where necessary Delivery of Training Key Experience: Previous experience with QlikView or Business Intelligence development in a commercial environment Must have commercial experience working with databases Programming experience is essential Delivery of medium to large projects Business/ Computing/ Numerical based degree desirable Experience in a consultancy role is desirable Requirements gathering A flare for design would be an advantage Managing individuals as part of a team Must be prepared to work flexible working hours Must be prepared to travel 