Title: Business Analyst : Sales Distribution : Leading Media TV Company
Webindex: 68181079
Company: Eaglecliff Limited
Description: This leading International Entertainment company within the Media Sector has an exciting opportunity for an energetic and dynamic Business Analyst to join their team. You will be working for an instantly recognisable household name. Your role will be to act as the daytoday Business relationship manager to key users in Europe within Sales and Distribution for the DVD and Blue Ray within Home Entertainment and Corporate EMEA business areas. In addition to this there will be the fantastic opportunity of travelling to France in order to oversee operations in their Paris office. As Business Analyst you will facilitate and drive application support and development, and understand business processes and requirements including: Requirements Gathering Change Requests/Enhancements Reactive Proactive Support Business Relationship Management The ideal candidate will be: A wellrounded Business Analyst with Physical Supply Chain experience Dynamic, fun, and energetic Keen to travel regularly within Europe, especially Paris You need a strong combination of Business Analysis, User Training, Systems Testing and Application Support within an extremely userfacing environment. This should include previous experience in a Sales and Distribution environment, possibly coming through the ServiceDesk route initially. Ideally this will include Mercury Quality Centre, defect management, test case planning and execution, reporting as well as experience in developing requirements definition, functional specifications, test scripts, data models and business procedures. We believe in equality of opportunity for all job applicants regardless of gender, marital status, race, colour, nationality, ethnic origin, creed or religion, disability, sexual orientation or age. Specialising within Energy Trading, Oil Gas, Financial Markets and TV Entertainment, Eaglecliff Recruitment is ISO accredited, a Member of REC and listed within the top 4% for Financial stability by Dunn Bradstreet. Please telephone or email your CV for an immediate response. Eaglecliff Ltd is acting in the capacity of an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for contractor resourcing.