Title: Mobile Web Developer , Agile , JavaScript, HTML5 London to ****K
Webindex: 68676178
Company: Emponics
Description: About Client Client is one of the largest worldwide social networks with offices in London , Soho.Mobile Web Developer , Agile , JavaScript, HTML5 London to ****K Focus is on JavaScript , HTML5, CSS, mobile web experience is a bonus though not essential , strong coder is preferred more than the mobile web  Position Description As a Mobile Web Developer, you will own and drive technical projects from specification through to delivery and beyond i.e. monitoring, reporting optimization. You will be working with a highly experienced team of developers where you will both teach and learn, in an innovative and fastpaced, Agile environment. You will be responsible for various high profile projects crucial to the company's continuing success, using cuttingedge opensource technologies, building highperformance systems. This is a handson role where you will be expected to analyze specifications, design implementations and write code and test cases. You consider yourself a perfectionist at the top of your game, and get a buzz from doing more than is expected. Responsibilities/ Job Role: Design, development, debugging, monitoring and maintenance of the clients Mobile Web site and Web App Education: Related degree, i.e Computer Science A desire to work with a young, fresh, social digital brand As well as enjoying competitive salaries, workers have the added benefit of private healthcare, generous holidays, company pension, gym subsidy etc in a fanta stic working environment . You are also safe in the knowledge that you are working at one of the worlds most exciting tech startups. Life there is both fast paced and chilled out. They dress casually and have employees in London, Moscow and the US . HQ is in the heart of trendy Soho, London and the office is light filled and spacious with a wellstocked kitchen. Experience: Consumer facing, mass market, networked, highvolume/performance applications An impressive portfolio of live mobile web sites and web apps Extensive experience of Mobile Web Development Advanced HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, AJAX on mobile devices Detailed knowledge of the capabilities and limitations of mobile browser implementations Experience with JavaScript tools e.g. debuggers Knowledge of industry standard frameworks Enthusiastic about AGILE/Scrum Knowledge of other programming languages an advantage: Java, PHP Personal Characteristics: Selfmotivated and ability to achieve deadlines and work independently You`ll love to write clean, reusable code and have a passion for mobile development inside and outside of the office. Solid communication skills and teamworking capability. Positive and logical approach together with willingness to learn. Attention to detail and a passion for quality Enthusiastic and fun to work with. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MobileWebDeveloperAgileJavaScriptHTML5Londonto****K_job****