Title: Developers  C, NET, SQL  Programmer/Software Engineer
Webindex: 72161302
Company: FNZ  ltd
Description: Your career. Our success. It's a symbiotic relationship. Team and Role You will join an established team who are responsible for the development and implementation of new functionality in line with business requirements.This team is full of motivated individuals who are proactive, strong team players and understand the full bigger picture. Working closely with other developers to produce technical designs you will be developing Real Time transaction processing systems and writing automated unit tests for newly created code.You will also work closely with Business Analysts, clients and other users to produce initial requirements. Skills and Experience Required We are looking for people with a range of experience but our minimum requirements are: **** honours degree in a computing related course English on a communicative level Ability to learn quickly in a dynamic fastpaced industry Confident and passionate about creating innovative solutions for customer Other experience which would be advantageous include: Experience with Microsoft .NET development products, including C, ASP.NET, VB.NET and SQL Server and Database knowledge Web development experience About FNZ FNZ is the market leading provider of technology and administration services to major financial institutions in the platform and wealth management sectors across the globe. We partner with life companies, banks, asset managers and discretionary wealth managers to enable them to develop and distribute financial products and services to their customers across all major distribution channels. FNZ has a strong blue chip customer base including Standard Life, Axa Wealth, JP Morgan, HSBC, AMP, National Australia Bank, Bank of New Zealand, Friends Life, UBS, Zurich Financial and Close Brothers Asset Management. It has helped these customers grow to over **** billion of platform assets in aggregate. FNZ now employs over **** people with offices in Edinburgh, London, Bristol, Brno (Czech Republic), Wellington and Sydney. Opportunities Be part of a highly successful, rapidly growing, global business that is leading the delivery of financial services via cloud computing and partners with some of the world's largest companies; Remuneration and career advancement is based on individual contribution and business impact rather than tenure or seniority; We provide significant financial rewards for high performing individuals; and We provide global career opportunities for our best employees at any of our offices in the UK, Czech Republic, Australia or New Zealand.