Title: Profit Analyst
Webindex: 68712797
Company: COMPUTER 2000
Description: Responsible for the delivery of core analytical support and Market Intelligence, within the Profitability department. This analytical role is crucial to empowering effective decision making across the Profitability team. Developing and delivering key information to enable effective and timely decision to be executed to maximise profit for Computer **** Synthesising information and data from multiple sources to make recommendations to capitalise on emerging market, customer and competitor trends. Interacting with Sales and Product Marketing to aggregate and interpret disparate sources of information to give Computer **** competitive advantage in the IT distribution market. The primary measures of performance are quality of analysis and effectiveness of communication. The ability to synthesise disparate sources of information to deliver a holistic overview of Computer **** the market, and competitors is key to the success of this role. Accountabilities: • Responsible for supporting the Profitability team with analysis and market intelligence to drive better decision making. • Own market intelligence and competitor intelligence process for the Profitability team. Collect (proactively), store, add value through analysis, and disseminate to team. • Interact with Sales and Product Marketing to harvest and collect market information. • Eyes and ears of the Profitability team, spotting trends early, making recommendations, and supporting Profit Managers. • Responsible for understanding what is happening with competitor pricing and creating visibility within Computer **** • Support pricing trials and strategies through monitoring tracking and reviewing. • Support vendor/customer reviews through preparation of material and analysis. • Develop, produce, and own pricing dashboards. • Regularly undertake adhoc analysis to support Profitability team. • Identify market segments for profit growth opportunities. • Support annual targeting process Knowledge Skills and Experience  Excellent analytical capabilities.  Numerate  Strong communication skills.  Ability to work in team environment and build effective relationships.  Ability to synthesise complex information in to a communicable story and make recommendations.  Inquisitive  Selfmotivated Systems:  Excel (Advanced), PowerPoint, Access, Word, Outlook  SAP (Advantageous but not essential) This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProfitAnalyst_job****