Title: NoSql Hadoop developer  Perm or Contract
Webindex: 71306525
Company: Vertex Solutions
Description: No SQL Hadoop Developers  London A leading consultancy working with a number of Tier 1 clients within the Finance, Teleco, Media, and Publishing sectors is looking for a number of NoSQL Hadoop developers to join their team. This is an exciting collection of opportunities offered on both a contract and permanent basis , allowing the successful applicants the potential to work with some of the top 1% of technologists in the industry, including published authors, OpenSource committers and track leads at global software development conferences. In this role you will be working with Tier 1 clients on the delivery of largescale big data projects on multiple platforms. You will be expected to work within the inhouse delivery team on the development of solutions to customer requirements and specifications. The most suitable talent will have strong experience in NoSQL, Hadoop, Pig, Hive and Java development, and ideally experience within associated technologies such as Spring, Scala, Python, Cassandra and MongoDB. This exclusive organisation wants only the best of the best. Employees are encouraged to develop their professional skills in allocated personal project time, and promote the integration of staff into further training, OpenSource projects and related blogs and committees. GitHub usage is also highly recommended, and applicants should consider attaching links to their profiles on here also. You will ideally also have experience with largescale software systems whilst working in an agile environment, and should be passionate about your technology area. Strong clientfacing capability and previous teamleading experience would also be beneficial, alongside a determined problemsolving attitude. This role comes with a fantastic working environment and incentive schemes, so get in touch for more information immediately. Requirements Experience with some of the following technologies is required: NoSQL Hadoop Pig Hive Java Spring Scala Play Ruby Python Cassandra Neo****j MongoDB This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NoSqlHadoopdeveloperPermorContract_job****