Title: Technical Analyst
Webindex: 66750088
Description: Technical Analyst **** per annum plus benefits Manchester Are you a dedicated and committed Tech Analyst with a proven track record within the IT virtualisation industry? Are you looking for a new challenge, working with an award winning, high growth outsourced IT provider? If so then read on The Company Our client is experiencing exceptionally high growth and are leading from the very front in delivering managed technology solutions for their enviable client base. Recently voted a Top 100 company to work for, our client is committed to people development and their plans for growth continue to create opportunities for career progression. The Role Working within our Managed Services team you will be responsible for supporting our customer base ensuring SLAs are met with quick resolution. Working within a closeknit team you will gain skills in all key areas of business technology including NetApp and VMware fundamentals running Microsoft applications. The following skills and experience will need to be clear on your application for you to be considered:  Microsoft Server products  Exchange  Active Directory  DNS and MCTS or MCITP  Problem solving skills  Experience in a similar role The Reward The company is offering a generous basic salary of **** per annum. In return for your commitment you`ll receive great training opportunities, career development and a supportive and sociable management team. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone looking to join a company that is going places. How To Apply If you feel you have the relevant skills, experience and ambition to succeed in this challenging role please apply for the position using the apply button on this page.  We are an online recruitment company providing recruitment advertising and response management to clients throughout the UK. Unlike a recruitment agency, we will submit your application directly to the end company if you meet the essential criteria for the role. You will hear from them directly to arrange interviews and/or assessment centres. For regular updates of our latest vacancies please add easyvacancyjobs to your twitter feed 