Title: Corporate Facilities Manager  Hertfordshire
Webindex: 68628786
Company: SPS Resourcing
Description: Corporate Facilities Manager required for prestigious financial organisation in Hertfordshire.The role is accountable for the overall management and provision of Corporate Facilities across all company sites, including the delivery of multidisciplinary activities which include Health Safety, Property Strategy, and Environmental Management within the built environment and their impact upon people and the workplace. Duties Include: Accountable for delivering effective management of the company`s Corp FM assets. The role holder has complete freedom to use their discretion and knowledge to manage multiple contracts which impact across the whole of the company. Ensuring that all supporting supplier based contracts or changes actively protect our commercial product portfolio. All customer related issues (internal and external) are progressed in a positive and efficient manner so that the customer expectation can be appropriately managed Ensures the department retains the necessary levels of operational and support capability to meet its delivery obligations (technology, processes, procedures, skills and capabilities). Accountable for planning the future office space to ensure that the business strategy will be met. Ensures full participation and cooperation in regular business continuity trials to ensure ongoing contract compliance. Actively champion H S in the workplace. Ensure that policies and processes are in place to ensure a safe working environment is achieved at all company premises. Acts to enhance the skills of the staff within the department and provides identifiable and meaningful career options by providing development opportunities. Experience Required: Relevant Corporate Facilities Management experience and/or a similar role in a large corporate organisation. Health Safety qualifications  IOSH, NEBOSH. Demonstrable experience with Management Systems and specifically **** and **** as well as CRC and Environment Improvement Programmes and activities. Ability to motivate, inspire and lead people effectively. Proven track record and experience of managing teams in multiple locations. This is an excellent opportunity to join a financial UK market leader who invests heavily in their staff and who offer great career progression. For full job description email CV to SPS Resourcing or contact Stephen Savva to discuss further.