Title: Build Engineer / DevOps  Microsoft  Tech Leader
Webindex: 69044563
Company: Opus Resourcing Ltd
Description: Build Engineer / DevOps with MS / Microsoft background and skills in Build and Configuration tools including automation and workflow with an understanding of continuous build, automated testing, reporting and quality metrics associated with software product development from an Agile / Scrum environment and managing MS multitired Infrastructure ideally on the cloud is required by world leading technology company in Central London Near Victoria. Candidates will have come from a Microsoft background and will have some of the following technical skills Desirable: Powershell scripting (or similar) Desirable: Knowledge of MS SQL Desirable: Experience of TFS Desirable: Exposure to New Relic monitoring. Desirable: Exposure to Jenkins/Hudson. Desirable: Ability to write build scripts, configure build and deployment tools (and monitoring) Desirable: Moving physical infrastructure to cloud based infrastructure. Desirable: Understanding of infrastructure as code. Desirable: Experience of one or more of the following would be a bonus: MSBuild, SQL, VSS, Windows Script Hosting, IIS, MSQ, DTC, C, MVC, WCF. Responsibilities Champions continuous improvement and ensures alignment across teams. Maintains and communicates improvement plans. Source code management and backup Software build, build deployment tools, build environments Maintains a bestpractice build and configuration strategy, ensures it is followed Manages configuration quality gates and workflow including user accounts and permissions Ensures configuration changes are controlled, tracked and logged Point of authority on configuration throughout product lifecycle, including development, test, preproduction and production builds and rollback configurations Manages forward and backward change Act as a gatekeeper for software release Working with geographically dispersed teams Aligns with delivery and service frameworks, standards and needs. Monitoring, reporting and problem resolution Shares industry best practices, innovations and emerging trend. This is a new role and is an outstanding chance to further your career and be involved in the formation of Build Engineering within the company so good communication skills essential. Opus Resourcing acts as an employment Agency in respect of permanent recruitment. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BuildEngineerDevOpsMicrosoftTechLeader_job****