Title: Help Desk and Junior Analyst
Webindex: 66748079
Company: Proporta.com
Description: Based just outside Brighton (Woodingdean) Proporta designs and manufactures accessories for the latest mobile gadgets and devices, and has been selling products to retailers across the UK and Europe, as well as selling worldwide directly from its ecommerce website, since **** Proporta also manufactures Smartphone accessories for Ted Baker, Quiksilver and Roxy, Sony, Bentley and other worldwide brands. This is a varied role spanning frontline network and IT support as well as the analysis of varied data sets across the company. You will be responsible for supporting an office (**** users) most of which are Windows based plus a couple of Macs. You will take part in offering support for various software mainly web based – CRM,ERP and CMS, a wiki etc. A primary part of the job is the analyse of complex and varied data sets. Providing insight into the data and the reasons for changes. Focusing on both sales related data as well as market related data. With a focus on making data presentable, accurate and accessible to management and the entire company. This role would suit someone who is numerate, inquisitive and can adjust to different tasks quickly. The ability to manage work load effectively and time management is crucial. The role focuses around both supporting the office from an IT position and further with an insight into its data. Qualifications: Although not required, a degree in a scientific/analytical discipline would be advantageous – e.g. Computer Science, Engineering. Over 1 years experience working in the role or similar. Skills: Network administration knowledge critical Windows XP, **** **** problem solving experience desired MySQL knowledge or similar required Knowledge of the technology industry (including trends) Experience in data management and processing Analytical problem solving skills Good organisation skills – able to juggle a large workload, able to set priorities and work to deadlines Able to work well in a team Attention to detail Web server knowledge useful Programming knowledge useful (PHP,Python) You will: Be selfmotivated and driven to learn about technology Be willing to jump in, learn, make mistakes and learn some more Have an opinion on tech matters and be prepared to defend it The company Proporta.com, a leading UK based design and manufacture company of brilliant and stylish Smartphone, Tablet, MP**** Player , Netbook/Laptop,PDA cases and accessories. A largely informal atmosphere which could be described as fun. Salary is ****k depending on the applicant, to start ASAP. To apply for this vacancy please look at our website www.proporta.com and follow the recruitment advice on the About Us link.