Title: Senior Digital Project Manager London  **** , ****  Benefits
Webindex: 71685520
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: Senior Digital Project Manager  Fulham, South West London  ****  Benefits. The Ashdown Group has been engaged by a leading integrated digital agency to assist them in their search for a Digital Producer. To be considered for this position you MUST have an agency background, ideally with FMCG and B****C experience. You will be joining this highly successful marketing communications agency, to work on cutting edge digital projects for a consumer electronics giant. Working closely with Senior Producers and the Production Director, you will be responsible for ensuring projects are creatively excellent, delivered to budget, on time and error free. Projects you will be involved in include; integrated digital campaigns, brand website development, CRM, online video and social media integration. You will be expected to manage the entire life cycle of the project, from idea generation through to planning, scheduling, and the launch. We are looking for someone who is comfortable managing multiple projects at any one time, who will also possess strong leadership skills in order to lead design and technical teams. In addition, you will have excellent problem solving skills, and a good understanding of user experience and information architecture. Therefore capable of producing project documentation including sitemaps, wireframes, budgets and timing plans. You will be IT literate, a PC and MAC user, a real team player and possess excellent communication skills both written and verbal, in order to communicate to those at all levels. Please only apply if you have worked within an established digital/marketing/advertising agency, with FMCG experience. In addition to the competitive salary, our client offers an excellent benefits package. This includes a generous bonus scheme, structured appraisals and flexible benefits such as a pension, gym membership and healthcare. To apply for this role, please send through a WORD copy of your CV quoting reference ASH****SG in the subject line of your email. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies.