Title: Lead PHP Developer LAMP/ Wordpress/ MySQL/ jQuery ****K London
Webindex: 68180921
Company: Senitor Associates Limited
Description: Lead PHP Developer required for the next big thing in growing world of Theatre entertainment A fantastic opportunity to become CTO working alongside the director with a proven success history in comparison sites. Key skills: PHP Solid understanding of MVC Architecture ECommerce HTML5 CSS3 JavaScript / jQuery MySQL Not the job for you or already secured a position? Follow the link to recommend a friend URL removed we will reward you with **** worth of vouchers The role: Playing a key role in the PHP development of what is viewed to be yet another award winning comparison site you will be joining the business at a key stage of succession plan. Together with the Director you will embark on the conception and development of their new online presence, taking the company to it next heights following 12 years of successful; growth. You will bring to the table a wealth of knowledge in PHP development and a well versed understanding of MVC Architecture methods and concepts. In return not only will you own the technical arena of the business as it moves forward but be rewarded with opportunity to become their CTO and own a market share of the business as it floats the stock market. You will have a solid understanding of both back and frontend PHP development and have great ability to liaise at management level to outline focus and direction at a technical level. The company: You will be joining force with an online entrepreneur who has a proven track record of injecting innovative web solutions in to the market place from conception through to delivery. You will enjoy being part of a team who is proud of their achievements and committed to maintaining an innovative name and brand. Coming in at a key stage in the business you will work directly with senior directors and play a vital part in the success of their results moving forward. This opportunity present great progression potential for the right candidate and the ability to have a direct input into what will be a nationally recognised web concepts. If you have the skill, passion, and drive to be a success in this role, we would love to hear from you. To apply: To apply please send your CV directly to: fiona.dohertysenitor.com . Or alternatively contact Fiona Doherty directly on: **** **** **** to discuss the position further. If you do not wish to receive any further email marketing material from Senitor, please reply with remove details in the subject field. Senitor will assume that you are happy to receive further details in the future unless you indicate otherwise. Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.