Title: Senior Project Manager / Programme Manager
Webindex: 66906936
Company: Acando Ltd
Description: Acando is a rapidly expanding consultancy company that specialises in Project Management. We are the only project management consultancy in the world accredited by our industry body. An international company with a turnover of EUR 170 million, we are now recruiting experienced Project and Programme Managers to fuel our UK expansion. You will use your professionalism, skills and experience to successfully deliver critical projects to them at their own sites. Enthusiasm, determination and the ability to work effectively with people will be essential. Main Purpose of the Job: The role requires a seasoned Project / Programme Manager with experience covering the full life cycle of key strategic Projects or Programmes from initiation through implementation to benefits realisation. Our client s projects cover a range of disciplines from Application Development, COTS implementation, Systems Integration, Infrastructure deployments / upgrades to IT enabled Business Change. We are particularly interested in applicants who have worked in Financial Services, Insurance, Life Sciences, Publishing, Utilities, Outsource / Service providers and IT Consultancy. Successful candidates will be formally trained and qualified Project or Programme Managers. You must have an impressive track record of successful and sustained project delivery. You will need the ability to quickly adapt to new environments, toolsets and challenges. Key Skills Attributes:  A formal Project or Programme Management qualification.  Experience of managing a major programme or multiple projects concurrently.  Successful project delivery in the areas of Application Development, Systems Integration, Infrastructure deployment or COTS implementation.  Successful delivery of projects in the private sector would be of benefit.  Excellent structured project management background which includes experience in environments at different levels in the project management maturity model.  The ability to manage the interface with technology areas and manage technical project managers.  Expert stakeholder management skills across a range of business hierarchies and especially confident when dealing with senior managers.  A focus on business value  able to articulate, measure, track and deliver it.  Track record of excellent supplier management (Internal / External / OffShore).  Outstanding work ethic, commitment to delivery, track record of going the extra mile.