Title: IT Project Manager (Web, Agile, Software)
Webindex: 69892215
Description: IT Project Manager  Web Based Software Projects  Agile / Scrum Northampton based Computer People are currently working with a market leading organisation based in Northampton, on their search for two Project Managers with experience in Web Based Software projects to join the company at a very exciting time. Our client is a successful business with an enviable reputation for innovation and forward thinking. The company are a very successful and stable organisation, and both of these positions have come about due to the sheer volume of work and new projects. This is a very exciting time to join the organisation in a Lead Java Developer role and work as part of a highly skilled, dynamic, Agile driven IT Programme Management team. As Project Manager you have proven experience in working on Web Based Software projects and be well versed in Prince**** at Practitioner level. You will have strong commercial knowledge of Agile and/or Scrum methodology. The role will enable you to take ownership for your own projects from inception  through to live deployment. You will thrive in customer facing role and be able to competently work closely with clients to understand their requirements, and ensure close involvement and satisfaction with the product developed. You will be pragmatic and practical with natural gravitas alongside the ability to manage and influence key programme decisions. On offer is the chance to work at the very heart of a highly dynamic, successful and thriving company in a professional yet informal and friendly environment. In return you will receive a competitive salary of ****  ****  excellent benefits.Candidates with proven certifications in (PMP, ScrumMaster, Agile) will be highly considered. The roles are both available on a permanent basis and located in Northampton. Interviews can be arranged at a moments notice  So please send your CV for immediate consideration. IT Project Manager  Web Based Software Projects  Agile / Scrum Northampton based