Title: Payroll Systems Analyst
Webindex: 68669114
Company: Grow Recruitment
Description: Summary of the role's main purpose for Payroll Systems Analyst: Support the People Systems Process Lead in the delivery of system changes to payroll, HR and associated systems. The role involves creating comprehensive test data and scenarios to ensure that system changes are fit for purpose. You will need to ensure that all defects are highlighted and eliminated or where appropriate agreed workarounds put in place. Work should be completed to predetermined deadlines prior to implementation to live environments to ensure business requirements are achieved. Providing **** nd line support for payroll, HR and associated systems. Principle Accountabilities: Successful, accurate and timely delivery of system changes Testing statutory legislation changes and corporate updates to the existing payroll and associated systems. Specify changes required, create test plans and undertake appropriate user testing. Plan and execute appropriate test cycles to ensure accurate results are achieved. Ensure all business related cases are covered in test scenarios and deadlines are met. Provide confirmation to line manager for sign off and implementation to the production live environment. Create and undertake comprehensive checklists to ensure accurate delivery of system changes in the live environment. Provide new or revised procedures/specifications to relevant parties. Ensure system changes are compliant and meet company policy. Support the delivery of key projects and activities during the year (Statutory updates, Pay Review, Bonus, etc). Maintain regular contact with relevant internal departments (Payroll, Infosys, IT ASD, etc) and other external third parties (Northgate Arinso, Towers Watson, etc) to discuss any issues that may arise. Provide support to the payroll department on all payroll system related matters. Identify, investigate and resolve People System problems and incidents. Undertake weekly checklists for reconciliation of interfaces and uploads of data to the payroll system. Liaise with key stakeholders and communicate accordingly. Provide adhoc management information data from People Systems (i.e. HRSelect, Oracle, etc). Any other ad hoc requests, as required. Core Areas of Knowledge, Skills Experience: Two years payroll experience, with a detailed knowledge of payroll statutes (income tax, national insurance, SSP, SMP, court orders etc). Experience of using Payroll HR systems (i.e. Unipay, Oracle, etc). Previous experience of working to strict deadlines within a team environment. Competent in use of Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint applications with good keyboard skills. Numerate with strong attention to detail. Logical and analytical approach to identify errors and recommend solutions. Self motivated and flexible, with strong organisational skills. Ability to influence and communicate (both verbal and written communication) to relevant stakeholders. Uses own initiative and works independently in the delivery of objectives. The ability to maintain strict confidentiality at all times. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Good general standard of education. Desirable: Previous experience of systems testing/implementation. Good understanding of the broader HR and Finance functions. A recognised payroll qualification such as the CIPP. Knowledge of mainframe utilities and systems used within the company (PVD, TASS, Workbrain, etc) Some knowledge of accounting functions. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PayrollSystemsAnalyst_job****