Title: QA Software TesterSurrey To ****K
Webindex: 69042773
Company: Exposed Solutions
Description: Job Title: QA Software Tester Location: Surrey Salary: ****ey Skills: Ocean, Petrel, Nunit, Test Complete, Mercury Quick Test Pro, Software Tester, Exposed Solutions are recruiting on behalf of their Client for a QA Software Tester role. Our client is a fast growing technology company specializing in providing consulting services and software solutions for the global exploration and production industry. Our client focuses on exploration and reservoir characterization and operates on a global basis. Our head office is in Stavanger, Norway with regional offices in Houston, Calgary, Dubai, London and Aberdeen. QA Software Tester Job Purpose: QA Software Tester is required to meet the growing need for our software products services in the UK, and to hire a dedicated software tester to assist in the development and subsequent release of our new tools. QA Software Tester Responsibilities: Preparing and maintaining test cases and test scenarios for various software products Generation of test data Reporting all bugs issues identified Participate in testing activities throughout the software development lifecycle Writing and maintaining unit (Nunit) tests and automated (TestComplete) tests QA Software Tester Specifications: Degree (or equivalent) in numerate subject (e.g. maths, physics, computer science etc.) 3 years software development/engineering experience Eligible to work in the UK Skills Good oral and written communication skills in English Excellent attention to detail Previous experience with automated test tools (e.g. TestComplete, Mercury Quick Test Pro etc.) preferred Previous programming experience advantageous Ability to work in a team and as an individual QA Software Tester, Ocean, Petrel, Nunit, Test Complete, Mercury Quick Test Pro, Software Tester, QA Software Tester, QA Software Tester, Ocean, Petrel, Nunit, Test Complete, Mercury Quick Test Pro, Software Tester, QA Software Tester, QA Software Tester, Ocean, Petrel, Nunit, Test Complete, Mercury Quick Test Pro, Software Tester, QA Software Tester, ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. To apply for the QA Software Tester role, please press APPLY. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/QASoftwareTesterSurreyTo****K_job****