Title: Systems and Networking IT Apprenticeship based in Slough
Webindex: 68682885
Company: QA Apprenticeships
Description: QA Apprenticeships work with employers in your area to offer a first a job in IT whilst gaining industryrecognised qualifications. About the Microsoft Advanced IT Apprenticeship Programme QA, in partnership with Microsoft have created an apprenticeship programme that equips young people with the qualifications they need for job roles such as an IT Support Technician and First Line Helpdesk Support. We have employers recruiting now and ready to support you through a **** month IT Apprenticeship. The programme will involve hands on technical experience in the work place and extensive high quality training provided at local QA Academy. This is an outstanding opportunity for committed and bright individuals to begin their career in IT and we are seeking candidates with high potential. The successful candidate will deliver exceptional customer sales support and needs to have a good understanding of IT Infrastructure to sell the employers service and products to customers. The Role: BPI OnDemand is an award winning consultancy, recognised for high quality configuration, deployment and management of customer relationship management (CRM) systems for large, medium and small businesses, including integration with wider business systems and processes. Our approach focuses on continued Business Process Improvement across sales, marketing, customer service and wider operations, and continued partnership with our customers to deliver ongoing return on investment (ROI). Entry Requirements: You must have at least five GSCE’s (A C)  Maths and English is a must. A passion to learn about IT. Good communication skills. Enthusiasm, professional attitude and the willingness to learn. Training to be provided: Microsoft Technical Associate (MTA) City Guilds Certificate in IT Systems and Principles City Guilds Level 3 Diploma in IT Professional Competence Personal Qualities An enthusiastic and professional attitude. Commitment to learning new skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SystemsandNetworkingITApprenticeshipbasedinSlough_job****