Title: Systems Development Administrator  IT / Software / Analysis
Webindex: 72234785
Company: Hewett Recruitment
Description: Systems Development Administrator, Product Specialist, IT, Software, Excel, Birmingham. Systems Development Administrator, Product Specialist, IT, Software, Excel, Birmingham. A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join a well established software house and take the first steps in an exciting career within the IT sector. The company develops high end software solutions and this person will be a key element in the day to day management and delivery of projects. The role will involve a variety of responsibilities, with the core aspects being as follows: gathering requirements from customers via interaction in meetings, conference calls and email communications; translation of user requirements into appropriate documentation for customer sign off; liasing with clients throughout the software development life cycle to make them aware of progress and any problems that may arise; actively collaborating with the Development and Software Support teams throughout the development lifecycle to ensure successful completion and implementation of the project. The successful applicant will ideally hold a degree in an IT / Computing related topic, with a solid understanding of the software development life cycle. Any commercial experience within a software environment would be advantageous and it is expected that you will have worked within a similar customer facing role previously. It is essential that you are highly competent with Microsoft Office, in particular Excel, and any experience with SharePoint or Microsoft Visio would also be advantageous. Excellent presentation, communication and interpersonal skills are a must and it is expected that you will be a highly organised, analytical and methodical individual. This is a brilliant opportunity to join a growing company offering excellent career progression and a full and varied work schedule. They offer an excellent benefits package as well as the chance to work on exciting projects and there is scope for the role to develop far beyond its original remit. Based in Central Birmingham, commutable from Worcester, Kidderminster, Droitwich, Redditch, Bromsgrove, Halesowen, Stourbridge, Wolverhampton, Dudley, West Bromwich, Cannock, Walsall, Tamworth, Solihull, Coventry, Warwick. Salary up to **** commensurate with experience. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SystemsDevelopmentAdministratorITSoftwareAnalysis_job****