Title: Senior Software Tester  Web Applications
Webindex: 69219221
Company: Support Services Group 
Description: Senior Web Application Tester A fastgrowing Independent Software House based in the Thames Valley is looking to recruit a Web Applications Software Tester ? preferably with automation testing experience. On offer is a competitive salary and rewards package, including share options. To be successful in this role you will have previous experience as a commercial software tester within a business developing webbased software applications for enterprise customers. The role will see you required to carry out a number of tasks including: ? Hands on knowledge of testing automation for either nonfunctional and functional testing ? Scripting and running functional and performance related tests against representative Enterprise test environments. ? Analysing and recording results and provide comment on findings. ? Assisting with setup and configuration of the automation test environment. ? Contributing for development/maintenance of manual/automated test plans and cases ? Troubleshooting, identifying and documenting bugs and the preferred solutions. ? Working with engineering team towards solutions ? Defining, executing and refining testing scripts as code passes through the test environment. It is anticipated that in order to be successful in this role, you will be able to demonstrate: ? ISEB / ISTQB Foundation Software Testing ? Experienced S/W (min 3 years) tester, preferably with enterprise software solution provider ? Windows OS (including servers) ? IIS ? Web technologies It will be useful although by no means essential if you are able to demonstrate experience of any of the following: ? Proficiency with automated test tools such as QTP, Selenium and JMeter ? Experience of Application/Desktop virtualization an advantage ? Citrix, VMWare, Microsoft Hyper V ? Experience of testing in an Agile way ? Virtualisation technologies such as Citrix, or VMware ? Cloud computing ? Testing products for an ASP, Cloud Computing, Virtualisation, SAAS, or OnDemand environment ? Experience with Microsoft SQL Server and ability to write SQL queries In return you will receive: ? Competitive basic salary ? Bonus ? Share options ? Private healthcare ? Gym membership ? Pension For more information on this fantastic opportunity please apply online in the strictest of confidenceSenior Web Application Tester An awardwinning Software Vendor in the Berkshire is looking to recruit a Web Applications Software Tester ? preferably with automation testing experience. On offer is a competitive salary and rewards package, including share options. To be successful in this role you will have previous experience as a commercial software tester within a business developing webbased software applications for enterprise customers. The role will see you required to carry out a number of tasks including: ? Hands on knowledge of testing automation for either nonfunctional and functional testing ? Scripting and running functional and performance related tests against representative Enterprise test environments. ? Analysing and recording results and provide comment on findings. ? Assisting with setup and configuration of the automation test environment. ? Contributing for development/maintenance of manual/automated test plans and cases ? Troubleshooting, identifying and documenting bugs and the preferred solutions. ? Defining, executing and refining testing scripts as code passes through the test environment. It is anticipated that in order to be successful in this role, you will be able to demonstrate: ? ISEB / ISTQB Foundation Software Testing ? Experienced S/W (min 3 years) tester, preferably with enterprise software solution provider ? Windows OS (including servers) ? IIS ? Web technologies It will be useful although by no means essential if you are able to demonstrate experience of any of the following: ? Proficiency with automated test tools such as QTP, Selenium and JMeter ? Experience of Application/Desktop virtualization an advantage ? Citrix, VMWare, Microsoft Hyper V ? Experience of testing in an Agile way ? Virtualisation technologies such as Citrix, or VMware ? Testing products for an ASP, Cloud Computing, Virtualisation, SAAS, or OnDemand environment ? Experience with Microsoft SQL Server and ability to write SQL queries In return you will receive: ? Competitive basic salary ? Bonus ? Share options ? Private healthcare ? Gym membership ? Pension For more information on this fantastic opportunity please apply online in the strictest of confidence. Keywords: Test, Tester, Automation Testing, Software Test, Software Tester, Software Testing, Web Applications, TestDirector, Quality Centre, Selenium, QTP Mercury AM, ISEB, ISQTB, Foundation Software Testing, Agile, Citrix, VMware, Cloud, Microsoft Hyper V, SQL, Drupal . Keywords: Test, Tester, Automation Testing, Software Test, Software Tester, Software Testing, Web Applications, TestDirector, Quality Centre, Selenium, QTP Mercury AM, ISEB, ISQTB, Foundation Software Testing, Agile, Citrix, VMware, Cloud, Microsoft Hyper V, SQL, Drupal