Title: Senior Lead Developer (FrontEnd)
Webindex: 68360694
Company: SEC Recruitment Limited
Description: Senior LEAD Developer (FRONTEND) We are seeking a technical senior Lead developer with at least **** years' experience across different industry domains. The candidate will be responsible for directing frontend development teams who are mostly offshore. This candidate will also be responsible for designing, documenting, supporting and implementing suitable enterprise applications. Working within an 'Agile' Development Environment, the candidate will become part of a team of Software Engineers, working with cutting edge technology across multiple platforms. The successful candidate will bring a strong technical web and mobile background with the ability to deliver Applications across numerous platforms. Although, this is not a handson coding role  our expectation is that the senior lead must be capable of coding, with solid problemsolving skills and also have the ability to communicate, enthusiastically, clearly and concisely to other senior and engineering leads with the team. This would also include communication to other functional leads. Essential Technical Skills Knowledge  Good track record in software development, with evidence of delivering multicomponent, scalable applications.  Good track record in Frontend development using CSS and JavaScript including jQuery. You can code clean, semantic and very accessible code that is totally cross browser and standards compliant.  Good knowledge and skills in HTML5 and CSS3  Good knowledge of UI and UX disciplines  Good knowledge of repositories such as SVN  Good working knowledge of JSON and XML essential  Good working knowledge of Flex and Flash  Good working knowledge of Frontend Technologies such as category AJAX Desirable Skills Knowledge  Good knowledge of working within a Continuous Integration or Continuous Deployment environment.  Good knowledge of XML/XSLT.  Good knowledge of repositories  Good knowledge of process automation engineer such as GRUNT, YEOMAN or similar  Good knowledge of Testing/Unit such as Testing JS, Jasmine, Mocha, Handdlebars Duties Responsibilities  Provide technical leadership and take ownership for the technical development project/program delivery of component design, development and maintenance  Lead and guide development partners in conjunction with the Vendor Management division  Day to day management of external (offshore) development teams  Initiate and manage Code Reviews  Weekly Reporting to Team Lead  Proven understanding of project tracking and Agile development methodologies  Work closely with the team to solve problems, transfer knowledge, and develop overall product architecture, where required. Essential  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Multimedia, or comparable industry experience  At least 6 years software development experience across different industry domains  A minimum of 3 years proven leadership/management experience of technical teams from a resource management and technical team management perspective  Excellent oral and written communication skills with fluency in English essential  Knowledge of software development methodologies (Agile/Scrum/Test Driven Development)  Knowledge of front end development frameworks  Ability to advise development leads on project deliveries from early conceptual stage through to completion.  Skilled in delivering quality products using latest technologies such as HTML5, FLEX, jQuery, JavaScript.  Ability to work under short deadlines and coordinate development schedules  Must be able to work with a team of developers (both internal and external) on multiple projects simultaneously If you are interested and available, please forward your updated CV to: samson.olagbamisecrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorLeadDeveloperFrontEnd_job****