Title: IT TEST ENGINEER
Webindex: 70569112
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: IT TEST ENGINEER (ACCREDITATION SCHEMES)  ****  **** DEPENDING ON EXPERIENCE – BASED CWMBRAN NEAR CARDIFF / NEWPORT This company is an independent test laboratory based in the Midlands with offices in Wales and Australia. They are enjoying considerable expansion which is underpinning a period of recruitment with great career opportunities for new staff. They are currently seeking a Tester with demonstrable skills in manual and automated expertise. This role will offer the right candidate the opportunity to work on a wide variety of products, and the possibility to help build and train a team of testers as the company expands. The role offers excellent training opportunities and prospects for the right candidate and possible home working. MAIN DUTIES – IT TEST ENGINEER You will be required to undertake:  Execution of manual and automated tests  Creation of test cases/scripts  Review and evaluation of the testing processes  Maintenance of automated tests KEY SKILLS & EXPERIENCE – IT TEST ENGINEER  Basic or advanced understanding of information systems, and their realworld application.  Knowledge of TCP/IP protocols and networking architectures.  Knowledge of databases, applications, and web servers.  Experience of Windows and Unix/Linux operating systems.  General programming/scripting and software analytical skills.  Excellent verbal and written English skills.  Effective teamwork and technical collaboration skills.  Willingness to learn new skills.  An eye for detail and absolute accuracy.  Expert ability to get things done. Desirable skills  Understanding of testing technical systems.  ISEB/ISTQB Foundation.  Educated to degree level or above in science, mathematics, engineering, information technology or similar. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.