Title: Agile Scrum master Project manager C ASPNET Web Development Agency
Webindex: 70676440
Company: Acceler IT Recruitment Consultancy
Description: Sitecore, CMS C, .NET, developer, MVC, XHTML, XSLT, TDD, Agile, scrum master, project manager SENIOR .NET Agile Project Manager The City, London ****k dependent upon Experience This excellent international growth agency based near Monument Station has a highly regarded reputation in the deployment of complex and cutting edge .NET platforms for blue chip clients and fast growth firms utilising Sitecore or Umbraco CMS. They offer unrivalled personal development within their close knit and eminently capable team for a web experienced Agile Project manager developer with previous experience of full life cycle web development. The Person If you are an Agile Scrum Master with experience of managing multiple, web development projects then read on. The Scrum Master will work on some exciting projects. The ideal candidate will be able to ensure the delivery of the projects to the agreed schedule and help ensure the highest quality of our solutions, whilst engaging in reliable relationships with the clients as well as being a respected member of the development team. Some previous Experience working with digital agencies is valued, as is having a passion and background with technology. As well as having a passion for all things web, you must also be well versed in SCRUM techniques and Agile Development. If you are familiar with Sitecore and/or Umbraco CMS as well then you might just be the perfect candidate because many of the websites we build are powered by these Content Management Systems. Your responsibilities will include:  Ensuring that you, together with the project team, deliver projects on time to client expectations and to our internal quality requirements  Ensuring the prompt remediation of clients issues and concerns  Project and team management and client liaison  Participation in client meetings and managing expectations  Always striving to improve how we do things To be considered for this position, you must:  Have current and valid eligibility to work in the UK  Speak fluent English  Be passionate about the web  Be a good communicator Healthcare and Pension are also included with this role. Continuing training and career development will be provided. If you think you have what it takes then please apply below with details of your availability and requirements The Highly Regarded Growth Company This international firm with a presence in Denmark and London are focused on .NET web development, be that CMS websites (Sitecore and Umbraco are our favourites) or custom built solutions (like ASP.NET MVC). We work with everything .NET and our days are filled with terms like OOP, Webservices, XHTML, LINQ, XSLT, TDD and Code Coverage. Their Clients Clients, small and large, in many sectors, for Blue Chip Clients and smaller companies too. If you would have liked to have seen some of these solutions on your CV then they may be the right place for you. Their People They are a small but growing team, an agile company with offices in London and Denmark, offering opportunities to work within both. They are passionate about delivering the right solution; combining real business benefits with the appropriate use of technology. This ethos is at the heart of everything they do. It s what they really believe. They also believe it should be your passion too. Would you like to face professional challenges, be part of a casual but serious environment with like minded and highly qualified technologists and at the same time be involved in a company where thinking and passion for the Work is fundamental in everything they do? Then Apply Now with your CV. Apply now for an immediate interview with a view to starting as soon as possible. ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO LIVE AND WORK IN THE UNITED KINGDOM FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA S AND WORK PERMITS. Accelerit is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role.