Title: Digital Convergence Sales Consultant
Webindex: 55410141
Company: Search Recruitment
Description: Great opportunity to join a global ICT Services provider. My client is now actively looking to grow its sales and is seeking a Digital Convergence Sales Specialist. The main purpose is sales within the EMEA region of digital convergence and technology consulting and solutions, i.e. convergence of ICT, digital communications technology and digital media. Duties and Responsibilities will include: Managing ongoing customer and business partner relationships. Sales relating to digital convergence and technology consulting and solutions. Achieving annual revenue targets. Identifying and winning new customers and developing new business partnerships. The successful candidate will have the following: Experience in sales of digital technology solutions and systems Good understanding of convergence of ICT, digital communications technology and digital media and emerging trends Experience of the complete sales process from finding and qualifying sales opportunities, preparation of proposals, etc Experience of developing relationships with business partners Innovative and creative in identifying new business opportunities Able to produce high quality reports, proposals and presentations Excellent client facing skills, as well as verbal and written communication skills Self starter, able to work under own initiative Good team player Ability to cooperate and collaborate with internal and external people at all levels in a multinational environment The following are desirable skills: Experience in a large IT System Integrator or solution provider Knowledge of other European languages Degree in a business or computer related discipline or Master of Business Administration (MBA) would be an advantage. If this is the position for you please forward your CV to me as soon as possible. Due to the large number of applications we can only respond to applicants who meet our client's criteria. If you have not had a response to your application within 2 weeks your application has been unsuccessful.