Title:  Head of Ad Ops (Technology/Media Publishing) 
Webindex: 68360265
Company: Redrock Consulting Ltd
Description: Head of Advertising Operations (Global leading organisation) A global leader in technology, research, media and events is looking to recruit a Head of Advertising Operations. They have an award winning range of advertising solutions targeting the high end B2B sector, down through senior IT management levels, specialist areas and the SME market. The client also owns and operates a vast Vertical Ad network in the UK, which is served both locally and through their US based global ad delivery platform. The client is further investing in its ad operations department with the key appointment of Head of Advertising Operations. The successful candidate will be a driven and experienced professional who will lead the existing team and look to develop the departmental structure for the future and through the next wave of online ad innovation by recommending both strategic and operational improvements across the client's ad delivery, set up, monitoring and increased capabilities. You will take full responsibility for the effective and timely delivery of all online ad campaigns in addition to providing accurate forecasting to the various teams and stakeholders, to ultimately maximise revenue recognition. Core Responsibilities: Including the following  Direct line management of the Ad Operations team  Recruitment and Training of any new team members  Oversee management of all online display advertising campaigns (also including email management)  Inventory forecasting and reporting  Ensure execution of valuable, consistent and accurate campaign reporting  Drive evolution in campaign monitoring and optimisation  Ensure inventory utilised to best advantage within the business and support the sales and program marketing teams in executing and delivering campaigns to successfully meet client expectations  Sourcing and Implementation of any new technologies  Working on global initiatives with Ad Operations managers in other regions across the world. Technical Skills Required:  Extensive campaign and/or traffic management experience essential  Strong knowledge of DFP is critical.  Experience with third party analytics and optimisation tools.  Awareness on optimisation tools and experiencing in trailing new solutions  Solid technical understanding (ie. HTML, javascript) For further details please call **** or send CV to luke.fuidgeredrockconsulting.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/HeadofAdOpsTechnologyMediaPublishing_job****