Title: Techinical Architect
Webindex: 69036801
Company: Advantage XPO
Description: Technical Architect Newcastle Our client already has a multibillion pound turnover and marketleading divisions in professional services, construction, support services and infrastructure investments  and we're determined to become a truly worldclass business. We will achieve this not only via organic growth in our operating companies but by exploiting our unique integrated capabilities to the full. That's where you come in. Our Customer Service Centre in Newcastle pools knowledge and expertise across the Group, whilst increasing standardisation, realising efficiency savings and generating substantial revenues through delivering shared services to internal and external customers. Our next objective is to create an IT Shared Services organisation to deliver commodity IT services to **** users across the UK Operating companies. Requirements To develop the technical architecture and associated roadmaps for IT Shared Services To support and provides advice to IT projects on technical solution design To review proposed solutions for fit with technical architecture and roadmaps To support development of the IT Services Strategy Experience Technical infrastructure knowledge including hosting, networks, and end user devices Systems integration, IT industry standards, services design, architecture principles design, architecture views and viewpoints design, building block design, solutions modelling, systems behaviour IT Architecture frameworks such as TOGAF etc. Strong commercial focus and awareness Experience of identifying and embedding industry best practice into current ways of working Experience of managing ambiguity and undertaking forward planning Advantage xPO is in the top 1% of staffing companies in the world. With a truly global footprint. Advantage xPO specialises in recruitment outsourcing. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Advantage xPO: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechinicalArchitect_job****