Title: MS Dynamics PreSales Consultant  AX
Webindex: 66924937
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Job Ref: **** Job type: AX PreSales Consultant Package: ****  Excellent Benefits Location: South Wales Position type: Permanent Contact name: Chris Pearson Contact Company: JAM Dynamics Ltd Are you a PreSales professional with exposure to Dynamics AX? Are you seeking a role facing global, blue chip organisations? Are you seeking an opportunity working for a rapidly growing Microsoft Partner? The Company This leading technology consultancy, is currently seeking to recruit a PreSales Consultant to lead on the successful introduction of their MS Dynamics product range to potential clients and customers. This organisation is offering an opportunity to become part of their ever growing sales division, with realistic career growth opportunities. Responsibilities Reporting directly to the Sales Manager, you will be responsible for providing tailored demonstrations of the product and will take overall accountability for the requirements gathering and specification design phase. Working closely with other teams within the business, you will have responsibility for ensuring the desired solution is delivered to the client. The Candidate As the successful candidate, you will be a proven AX professional, with experience of presales. You ll have strong communication skills, with the ability to work independently and as part of a team with the ability to develop rapport and negotiate. This is an opportunity to be part of a consultancy/presales team, with projected growth. To be considered for this role, please forward your most recent CV and salary expectations quoting reference ****/CP for immediate consideration or alternatively, call Chris Pearson on (Apply online only). I am offering **** for any successful recommendations, which leads to a hire. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position