Title: MI Reporting Analyst
Webindex: 67652684
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: My client, a highly prestigious and well known energy services provider, is looking for an MI Reporting Analyst to work on their site in Central London. My client is extremely well reputed with a strong customer base and track record and this is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the UK s most renowned energy service providers, at a time when you can become an integral part of the existing team of successful MI Reporting Analysts moving forward. Skills / experience required (in order of importance): Experience of Portfolio level reporting (project costs, RAG status, milestone reporting, risks & issues) required for the monthly portfolio Management Information pack. Collation of data for the monthly MI pack and distribution to Senior Management. Familiarity with the concept of weekly reporting across a portfolio. Collation of weekly reports and distribution to Senior Management, Sponsors & the PM community. Quality of reports and accuracy of data are implicit within this role. Support the PMO Manager in the delivery of the MI pack and weekly reports to a fixed timeline. General understanding of project financials. Assisting in the quality assurance of project plans. Previous PMO experience in a portfolio environment. PRINCE **** accredited / ISEB PPSO / EEPW Familiarity with the EEPW Gate approval process. Competent in MSOffice with experienced in use of project planning tools e.g. Microsoft Project and Visio Provide support to adhoc PMO related activities Desirable skills / experience: Works well under pressure. Good communication and negotiation skills, both written and verbal. Strong interpersonal skills, able to network across organisational boundaries. Previous experience of working on multiproject programmes. Excellent presentational skills Experience of using the Enterprise Project Management tool. Energy industry experience usefulIf you are interested in the above role, please apply IMMEDIATELY, as interviews could take place as early as this week. Alternatively send your most up to date CV through to