Title: Training & Development Change Manager SFIA, ITIL, L&D
Webindex: 69691156
Company: Interquest Group
Description: Training & Development Change Manager SFIA, ITIL, CPD, Learning & Development. Training & Development Change Manager with a strong background within Learning and Development, elearning, change management and ideally experience of SFIA career planning is urgently needed to work with a higher education based client. The Training & Development Change Manager will be responsible for implementing a key training and development programme including achieving buy in across the stakeholder community and managing the programme pilot from transition to implementation. Training & Development Change Manager SFIA, ITIL, CPD, Learning & Development. Essential Experience Extensive learning and development experience with experience of implementing training and development plans. Experience of working with career paths, role frameworks, competency frameworks and learning curriculum including training catalogues to deliver individual and organisational development. Experience of linking training & development requirements (training needs analysis within organisational strategy and performance management processes.) Excellent supplier relationship management and change management experience. Experience of leading projects (Planning and leading meetings and workshops) Experience of developing and delivering training evaluation methodologies. Experience of creating documentation (procedural notes/communications documents) Knowledge of behavioural and technical training within a complex IT environment. Experience of ITIL and Skills Framework for the Information Age (SFIA) for career planning. Strong change management experience with the ability to deal with a challenging stakeholder community. Training & Development Change Manager SFIA, ITIL, CPD, Learning & Development. Experience of delivering projects within a higher education/further education environment. Knowledge of webbased communications and editing tools. Experience of implementing a framework for CPD within a large IT service environment. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy.