Title: Senior UX/IA Designer
Webindex: 68361318
Company: Pyramid Recruitment
Description: Job Title:Senior UX/IA Designer Location:London Salary:Up to **** p.a About  Senior UX/IA Designer Our client is a top 20 Independent Digital Agency with a client list that they are rightly proud of. They are a nice friendly size with about **** split between our Edinburgh HQ and our growing London office In Farringdon. You will be joining our client at a great time and will join a growing team of creative and technical minds. They currently have ambitions to keep growing and are pitching regularly and winning new business all the time. This has given them a great mix of customers and an amazing portfolio of work. Description  Senior UX/IA Designer Our client is looking for someone that fits their culture, hungry, always thinking and wanting to create exciting digital sites and experiences. Our client is a top 20 independent agency and the chosen candidate will form part of an ever growing team of creative and technical minds. There will be a need for the candidate to be comfortable taking briefs from large financial services clients like Lloyds Banking Group and HSBC, as well as tackling more creative challenges for the likes of Channel**** CBS and Tottenham Hotspur. Based in their London office and reporting to the Creative Director, you will be running the UX element of projects from start to finish. With a background of working in agencies and a few years’ experience under your belt, your portfolio will show both smart thinking and larger site work. You will care about UX and will want to work with the Technical and Creative Teams to get the perfect result. Responsibilities  Senior UX/IA Designer Interaction design and UX activity across web and mobile clients: ensuring all work is delivered on time, aligned with business goals and improves end users’ experience of our clients products Develop and maintain consistency of accessibility and interaction design guidelines for all web and mobile activity as clients require Ensure that proper processes are in place to deliver the best possible work incorporating user centred design and user experience consultancy as required. Providing accurate estimates, plans and, processes for client projects in collaboration with the Management team Oversee user testing activity, and (where necessary) recruitment and management of external agencies to deliver this. Working with project managers and other relevant business owners throughout the project lifecycle and have experience with both waterfall and agile projects approaches. Lead the use of tools and software to generate user experience models, deliverables and prototypes. Influence and impact, team working, drive and Initiative, embracing change and adaptability. Essential Skills Experience  Senior UX/IA Designer Detailed knowledge and extensive practical experience of user experience delivery in a commercial environment. Evidence of extensive experience in designing the appropriate UX methodology and practices including usercentred design, expert evaluation, usability testing, user research, information architecture and interaction design. Experience of delivering design and UX in a commercial environment – working on products with transactional/ecommerce components, UX Strategy, cross platform journeys etc. Have extensive experience of current tools and methodologies from Axure to Agile Good understanding of web analytics and business metrics, and their constructive use in the UX/ design process. Delivery of all related deliverables including sitemaps, user journeys, wireframes, prototypes, specifications, content audits and competitor and user analysis. Experience of working with senior commercial executives, and converting their requirements into winning products. Experience of working with developers in an agile environment. User and business requirements elicitation techniques including visualisations, use cases, user stories and workshop techniques While the role is primarily UX focused we would expect the successful candidate to be comfortable with Information Architecture tasks. Preferred Skills Experience  Senior UX/IA Designer Degree level training in UX, HCI, Ergonomics HCI or other relevant topic e.g. Psychology Up to date industry knowledge and an ability to train and support other in their knowledge and expertise Provide thorough leadership in modern UX practices and industry trends and changes both internally and with our clients Experience of delivering, information architecture, interaction design and all core UX deliverables from designing and delivering user research to wireframes, sitemap and pitch concepts Designed for a range of platforms including tablet and mobile devices Stay on track with digital culture, attend events and engage with the community Key Competencies and Levels  Senior UX/IA Designer Understanding the environment Problem solving/ analysis Communication Team working Adaptability Influence/ impact Drive/ Initiative To apply for the Senior UX/IA Designer role please click the apply button This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorUXIADesigner_job****