Title: Power Electronics Engineer (Power, DCDC Matlab)
Webindex: 67803659
Description: This opportunity is a great chance to join a fast growing R D team in a leading global power and transmission organisation based in Staffordshire. The organisation is rapidly expanding and is going to be recruiting for **** engineers over the next two years. This Power Electronics Engineer opportunityThe role Any successful Power Electronics Engineers will be joining a large multidisciplined team of specialist electronics engineers. You'll report directly in to the R D Director who oversees the team. As an experienced Power Electronics Engineer you'll be required to integrate immediately within the team and hit the ground running on current and future programmes.You You'll be involved in full lifecycle development of automation products for the power and transmission industry. You'll be responsible for implementing new and innovative ideas to improve the design and process of their new products. If you're successful as an Power Electronics Engineer, you'll have the pleasure of joining a heavily experienced R D team that can aid your development and give you new skills.Power Electronics Engineer Technical Skills:High Voltage Power ElectronicsACDC/DCDC ConvertersMatlab/SimulinkThe role of Power Electronics Engineer offers a great deal of diversity working for a fast growing business in the heart of Staffordshire. As the business develops, there will be opportunities for career progression as the business will require more experienced engineers. As a multinational organisation, there is strong stability in this position and a good platform to kick on with your career on as this organisation will support and train their engineers. If you are interested in the position, looking to further develop you career in power electronics please forward your CV or call Jack on **** **** ****Interviews will be taking place throughout December and January, so please apply immediately.If this power electronics engineer role isn't of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us.JAM is acting as an employment agency with regards to this positionView our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedInJAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.