Title: P/T Bodyshop Administrator, Norwich, Motor Trade Job
Webindex: 71795333
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Automotive, Motor Trade Job: Part Time Bodyshop Administrator required in Norwich. Salary: **** Per Annum Term: Part Time, Permanent Motor Trade Jobs / Automotive Vacancies: Automotive Part Time Bodyshop Administrator required in Norwich. Our client, an Automotive Main Dealer in the Norwich area, is currently looking to hire an experienced and professional Bodyshop Administrator for their busy branch. The successful candidate will: Prepare and type estimates, invoices and associated paperwork for the Bodyshop, Carry out general Bodyshop reception duties, Ensure all telephone enquiries and bookings are answered in a courteous, helpful and professional manner. Produce estimates for work to be carried out and invoices for work completed. You will also be required to ensure any warranty work paperwork is correct and accounted for, type other letters as required and maintain an accurate filing system. The ideal candidate must have experience with Kerridge and have a good unstanding of programmes such as Excel and Word. This vacancy is based in Norwich and our client is looking only for Bodyshop/Service administrator applicants. Motor Trade experience is essential. To apply please send your CV to Rebecca Stating J****  Bodyshop Admistrator, Norwich. Please remember to add your home phone number, mobile number, email address and full address to your CV. If this information is missing it slows down our process and may result in us not being able to contact you. Follow us on Twitter N/A /MotorTradeJobs Perfect Placement UK Ltd is an employment agency acting as such under the Employment Act **** and Employment Agencies Act **** (and amendments). We have many different Motor Trade Jobs available from Service Manager, Service Team Leader, Aftersales Manager, Sales Executive, General Sales Manager, Sales Manager, Business Manager, Sales Admin, Body Shop Manager, Paint Sprayer, Panel Beater, Bodyshop Estimator, Dealer Principal, Motor Mechanic, Service Advisor, Motor Cycle Technicians Mechanics, Vehicle Technician, Light Commercial Vehicle Technicians, HGV Fitters, Trade Parts Representative, Parts Advisor, Parts Manager, Workshop Controller, Fast Fit, Tyre Fitters, Warranty Administrator, Rental Advisor, Car Valetor, Collection Delivery Drivers. WE ARE THE PREMIER AUTOMOTIVE RECRUITMENT AGENCY FOR MOTOR TRADE JOBS IN NORFOLK TM Lots of Motor Trade Jobs throughout Norfolk including North Norfolk, South Norfolk, Cromer, Diss, Dereham, Fakenham, Great Yarmouth, Holt, Kings Lynn, Norwich, Stalham, Swaffham, Hunstanton, Thetford, North Walsham, Wymondham, and Attleborough. Call Us Now For Motor Trade Jobs, Working in Automotive Main Car Dealerships such as Mercedes, Audi, BMW, VW, Jaguar, Land Rover, Volvo, Bentley, Saab, Lexus, Toyota, Mazda, Ford, Peugeot, Renault, Citroen, Vauxhall, Nissan and many more. Copyright Perfect Placement UK Limited 2012. The reproduction, transmission or other use of all or any part of this advert to or in any media, without Perfect Placement UK Limited's prior written permission is prohibited and may result in criminal or civil actions. Please contact our office on N/A if you wish to discuss this copyright.