Title: Software Developement Engineer In Test
Webindex: 71759847
Company: POPSCIENCE
Description: We are currently recruiting for a Software Development Engineer in Test . You can expect to be working within a Global Market Leader using cutting edge technology to develop software solutions to help manage clinical trials of new drugs, biotechnologies and medical devices. The software solutions they provide make an unprecedented difference to the speed, cost and quality of trials within the clinical research Industry. You will lead in the requirements definition, design and development of a robust, extensible test harness for the company's functional test automation. Be responsible for analysing, using cases and test scenarios, Execute and interpret test automation results. Debug and troubleshoot complex issues, assist with rootcause analysis and provide solutions. (See additional key responsibilities) You will be joining a community of highly motivated and talented professionals in an environment where you can grow, learn and have an impact. Based in London near a Main Station this makes for an easy commute, there is also a good benefits package including bonus. Please call for further details strictest confidentiality assured. JobSpecific Competencies: Extensive experience of programming in at least one of the following languages: Ruby, Java, C or C++. Advanced skills in test design and coverage Ability to develop and communicate complex test strategies to technical and ontechnical audiences. Office automation objects. Experience working with Visual Studio .NET or Ruby on Rails is preferred. Advanced knowledge of programming through ODBC and relational databases, including complex SQL queries. Working knowledge of XML and related technologies. Strong analytical and debugging skills. Strong ability to multitask. Ability to manage and prioritize multiple, diverse projects simultaneously. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must be flexible, independent and selfmotivated. Job Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or bachelor's degree with equivalent experience. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwareDevelopementEngineerInTest_job****