Title: DataCentre Infrastructure Project Manager (CDCT / CDCMP)
Webindex: 69670158
Company: Stafford Sharp Associates Ltd
Description: DataCentre Infrastructure Project Manager (CDCT / CDCMP) Skills  Data Centre, Project Management, DR, UNIX, Windows, SAN, Global Apps, Network, Infrastructure, HA / High Availability Environments, EDC**** EDC****, MSSQL, ORACLE, CDCT, CDCMP, CDCDP, Prince ITIL My leading Client is looking for a DataCentre Infrastructure Project Manager to oversee and complete the daily operations of the European Data Centre managing the implementation of hardware and capacity planning and facilitating system design(s) for my Clients Data Centres  based in Leamington Spa Warwickshire. We are after an experienced infrastructure Project Manager with a strong Technical DataCentre background  as such you ll hold Data Centre Certs in  CDCT or CDCMP or CDCDP, coupled with Prince and ITL qualifications. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Act as the single point of contact with data centre vendor for capacity, design, implementation and support issues. Facilitate hardware build review with UNIX, Windows, BASIS, Global Apps, and Networking. Responsible for successful/timely implementation of hardware to support applications and/or project requirements. Work with the Systems Monitoring Shared Services Owner during the hardware build process to ensure that required alerts are defined for monitoring purposes Manage (facilities and technical) capacity of the data centre and the supporting applications/server/network infrastructure. Deliver monthly reports, and recommend remediation solutions. Works with Operations and Development teams to coordinate systemwide updates and installing upgrades and patches for systems Contribute to the development and documentation of clients Data Centre standards as well as recommendations for application architectures Document all data centre architecture Responsible for audit compliance. Performs configuration, change and cable management and testing activities as required Ensure changes are reflected in the CMDB at the point of or after successful implementation. Consults users/support on technology changes that will impact data centre operations / services contained within. Gather, develop, document, and communicate best Data Centre Operations administrative practices and bring into operation following due process Develop and enforce guidelines for working practices in both the Primary and Secondary European Data Centres. Participate in High Availability (HA)/ Disaster Recovery (DR) designs and testing together with local Cluster HA / DR leads responsible Ensure Data Centre security and entry processes are adhered to. Adherence to Co Location Suppliers Standard Operating Practices (SOPs) Establish and build relationships with 3rd party Co Location provider Work closely with Facilities to ensure that facilities maintenance schedules are in place and conducted on regular basis, that regular load tests are performed on our Generators, UPS , Heat exchange plant, Understanding and maintaining the EDC**** and EDC2 designs including addition and changes to infrastructure, cabling, racks and HVAC. Responsible for orchestrating the invocation and fail back of Disaster Recovery processes in conjunction with the BCP team. This is a Superb opportunity for 2013, for an experienced Data Centre Infrastructure Delivery Manager running a European Data Centre based in Leamington spa. Apply now with a word CV for immediate interview. Key Skills  Data Centre, Project Management, DR, UNIX, Windows, SAN, Global Apps, Network, Infrastructure, HA / High Availability Environments, EDC**** EDC2, MSSQL, ORACLE, CDCT, CDCMP, CDCDP, Prince ITIL