Title: Project Manager(Software Development, KingstonUpon Thames
Webindex: 71685224
Company: Think IT Reruitment Ltd
Description: Client Facing Project Manager (Software Development, Surrey) Job Description Often we are faced with opportunities and decisions that can change the course of our life or the lives of others. Thats what we help do. We are pioneering technology solutions for large scale medical studies in pharmaceutical companies, enabling our customers to capture new levels of information on the use of their products and treatments. With new levels of intelligence harnessed using our platform, we can demonstrate the effectiveness of treatments and identify additional patient value and healthcare benefits beyond what traditional methods are achieving. As a successful but niche Software Development Company, we are looking for a Project Manager that wants to make a difference and be part of the change we help bring. We would like you to think about what this Project Management role could offer you. The main remit for the position is:  Managing and delivery of high profile IT projects  Leading the team to deliver outstanding results for client  Desire to contribute to a fast paced, growth oriented business Duties and Responsibilities  Ensure the use of best practice standards across the full project lifecycle from inception to implementation and handover  Be able to promote teamwork and cooperation to achieve objectives, demonstrate interest in mentoring others and continually enhance your own skills  The ability to build strong relationships with all levels of an organisation in order to deliver outstanding results for clients Desired Skills Qualifications  Experience of managing teams, tracking and reporting on resource use, and overseeing software architecture development, with further responsibility for budgets, deadlines, risk, and client management  ****0 years commercial experience in IT project environments, with a minimum of 3 years handson project management experience  Outstanding leadership abilities; track record of success building strong relationships  Client facing experience  Excellent problem solving skills  Strong written and verbal communication skills  Qualifications to degree level (minimum 2:1) with good A levels or equivalent, with project management experience and recognised training or qualifications, e.g. PRINCE2. Company Description Having worked closely with leading pharmaceutical companies for over 10 years, we have developed a wide range of solutions for our European clients. Now with extensive growth plans being put in to practice, we are currently seeking a local, career focused, Project Manager as we prepare to launch our next generation platform. If you have the desire to succeed in a professional, hardworking, innovative environment, then excellent career prospects and a great package await the successful applicant. If you would like more information including a full job specification and a chat about the position, please contact me, LaceyMarie Davis. Looking to relocate? We are not alone in thinking that Surrey is one of the best parts of the country to live in. We have a great mix of city and country living, excellent schools and transport connections (M3, M25, Heathrow Airport). Dont just take our word for it: URL removed This position is only open to UK/EU residents who have full rights to live and work in the UK. Think IT Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this role under UK Government regulations CEAEBR ****