Title: Senior Creative Designer  Cambridgeshire  Salary Negotiable
Webindex: 71564712
Company: Explore Recruitment Solutions
Description: Senior Creative Designer  Cambridgeshire  Salary Negotiable  Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign Adobe CS, After effects, HTML, CSS My client is a multiaward winning digital agency based in Cambridgeshire. Their clients include major national and international brands for whom they work on a global basis. Working within an environment where every day is challenging and versatile. Working on multiple platforms with a range of projects you will always be pushing boundaries and using new technologies My client requires an experienced Senior Designer to help create consistently high quality digital creative work. This includes websites, apps, video, motion graphics, email campaigns, social media campaigns and brand development. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate extensive experience of creating strong design and campaign ideas for a broad variety of client types and challenges. He or she will also have worked on major national or international brands and have excellent verbal skills being able to present and defend ideas both internally and to clients. There will also be opportunities to travel abroad to meet clients and aid foreign projects. My client also require the successful candidate to be able to manage a busy work schedule whilst supporting and developing the junior members of the creative team. Experience in a senior or lead position is a must Key skills required: Strong concept creation skills Artdirection Ability deliver projects from brief to completion Verbal skills/Client presentation Ability to manage and support junior team members Fluent in Design CS suite Knowledge of After Effects, front end web technologies (HTML, CSS) desirable Experience required: Ideally 10 years in an agency environment An outstanding portfolio of work for large brands A broad variety of client types and challenges Client liaison, briefing and presentation On and offline experience Team management This position will be a vital component in the company's continuing success. This truly is a unique opportunity, you must be able to work in a fast paced environment and enjoy doing so MY client is recruiting now so don't delay Respond to this advert or call me direct on **** **** **** Senior Creative Designer  Cambridgeshire  Salary Negotiable  Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign Adobe CS, After effects, HTML, CSS This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorCreativeDesignerCambridgeshireSalaryNegotiable_job****