Title: Oracle HCM Functional Specialist  ICT
Webindex: 67400853
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Oracle HCM Functional Specialist  ICT Reference no: Lancashire **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: PR**** **** What s involved with this role: Our clients are looking to expand their Oracle ERP Team and seek specialists with a functional background of working on EBusiness Suite implementations on R**** and who are highly effective in a client facing role. You will be brought into the early stages of a project to develop specifications for complex integrations, will be responsible for the overall quality of delivery and provide guidance to identify the correct approach to the development of Oracle ebusiness suite. You will also ensure that all core application are kept in accordance with Oracle standards. You will advise senior management team on strategic and tactical way forward. You will provide input to project plans and estimations of resource requirements and be responsible for completing project work within cost, time and to the required quality. Working with the functional support team you will create system designs and specifications, plan and undertake testing, document and implement new business processes and provide general functional support in issue resolution and software upgrades. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Proven experience of Oracle HCM and Payroll modules Extensive ERP implementation and upgrade experience Strategic solutions development and tactical delivery experience Previous experience of leading small teams Relevant computer related degree or HND. Business and Systems Analysis Experience Proven ability to analyse, define and deliver HR Payroll solutions Strategic solutions development and tactical delivery experience. Fluency in business English (written and spoken) Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Technical development abilities eg: Use of Toad, Oracle Discoverer, SQL, Development Tools. Professional Payroll Qualification will have an advantage (Foundation Degree in PM or Diploma in Payroll Management) Previous Public Sector Implementation experience Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : ICT Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 23 months. Hours per week: 37.50 Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited