Title: Software Support Technical Lead
Webindex: 69250374
Company: Computer People  Limited
Description: Software Support Technical Lead Opportunity A new opportunity has arisen for an experienced Software Support Tech Lead based in Hammersmith, London. This person will work in the company NOC and will be the primary interface between internal NOC Support teams and internal Software Development team; producing a variety of Digital Cinema Linux based software products; such as Theatre Management Software, Advertising Integration Software and Back Office (VPF Database) to name but a few. The successful applicant will have an expert knowledge of supporting Linux based Software products and associated systems, be able to demonstrate advanced TCP/IP networking skills and a willingness to learn new technologies such as Digital Cinema. They will have very good communication and documentation skills and have impeccable attention to detail. Responsibilities Work with First, Second and Third Line Support staff to deal with escalated Software Support issues in a timely and professional manner, providing technical excellence, indepth software product knowledge and a knowledgeable technical escalation point. Work with the Software Development team to jointly deal with escalated issues that require software patches, additional software functionality and/or workarounds to fix customer issues/address clients needs. Working with the Software Project Manager. Be a focal point for the understanding and acceptance of new software and/or software product improvements into the daytoday operational environment, typically including:  oTaking core documentation and improving/supplementing it, oCreating fault diagnosis and major fault guides oTraining staff on new/improved software products Work with the Software Product Manager. Be a focal point for the feedback and continual improvement of Software products including:  oRunning a regular internal (and possibly external) User Forum to gain feedback on software product performance, functionality etc. Any other reasonable task requested by management Requirements Education Technology related subject to degree level or better preferred. Formal qualifications in Unix/Linux systems administration expected. Experience Excellent knowledge and at least **** yrs experience in supporting Linux based software products, preferably for a software product manufacturer. Excellent knowledge and proven experience of configuring and administering Linux based systems. Recent CentOS/Red Hat derivatives experience essential. OpenBSD experience also strongly desirable. Solid understanding of TCP/IP networking including routing, switch configuration and VPNs. Ability to optimise Linux system network configurations and quickly diagnose network faults. Sound and current knowledge of PC server hardware, including processor options, RAID controllers and hard disks. Excellent technical documentation skills. Required Attributes A problem solver who can think outsidethebox to find ways around issues and solve problems Detail oriented approach with thorough attention to documentation and procedure Excellent communication skills, written and verbal. Self starter and able to take ownership of projects with minimal supervision Willingness to go the extra mile