Title: C++ Developer, Leading Technology Provider
Webindex: 69472879
Company: Quantica Technology Ltd
Description: C++ Developer, Leading Technology Provider **** ****  Competitive Benefits Package and Company Pension Burgess Hill, West Sussex My client is a leading provider of online payment systems. Epayments are becoming more and more common in today’s world and the need for secure solutions is ever increasing. With a long standing reputation and solid base to build upon this business is looking to expand into new and markets. This position requires a highly selfmotivated C++ Developer who thrives in an environment with minimal management supervision whilst working closely with other members of the team, creating quality, reliable and tested products throughout the project lifecycle. This role is very much for hardcore C++ coders who enjoy creating robust, efficient and scalable applications which make a big impact on their end users. A love for new technologies, a need to constantly challenge yourself, to find ways of improving systems and process, as well as a natural intuition for elegantly solving complex technical problems is essential. experience in this area is not essential. The daytoday role will entail designing, developing, documenting and maintaining Windowsbased C++ applications. The role may also include using Java and C where required to interface with other systems although Responsibilities: • Coding to produce • Maintain and support software solutions • Writing both embedded and Windows based applications utilizing a range of technologies. These will include C++, Java, C, MS SQL Server, TSQL, ADO, SOAP and therefore, exposure to any of these is beneficial but fully required. The role requires the candidate to demonstrate development and documentation processing standards and procedures as this is a key part of the role. Skills required for the role: • Proven programming experience using object oriented technologies. • C++ Development experience is essential • Proficient SQL Server and SQL Server design skills a must. • Experience or exposure to Java, C or another high level language. • A good understanding of the Windows operating system • Experience with high traffic system where efficiency and scalability is important • Strong, demonstrable problem solving skills. If this role is of interest, please send through an up to date CV to [contact details removed]