Title: Developer and Administrator of Tridion CMS, C, Net, VB and SQL
Webindex: 72119475
Description: Programming Software Development and Support Officer  Developer and Administrator of Tridion CMS, C, .Net, VB and SQL Our Information Management team, 230strong over two sites, has a hugely important part to play in modernising and streamlining the Office for National Statistics. And as we develop as a team, so will your career. We ll invest in your personal and professional development, and we ll support and finance accredited qualifications and chartered status. For the Office for National Statistics, people count. Whether that s the people across the country whose lives our work helps to shape, or the people who work here, producing vital statistics that informs decision making in our society and economy. We achieve results by investing in the people who work with us, rewarding their contribution and enabling a better work/life balance. We re a welcoming and friendly community of professionals, we respect each other and we re very social. We ve some impressive onsite facilities too, including a gym, coffee shop, even a hairdresser. About the role The Programming Software Development and Support Officer will provide applications systems maintenance and support services using Tridion CMS, C, .Net, VB and SQL. There will be a requirement to undertake the full range of Tridion System Administration activities as required, for example loading/upgrading software performance tuning, maintenance and housekeeping. You ll investigate issues and other requests for development and support, determining the appropriate action to take and documenting work as appropriate. This may include making system modifications, adding new features from agreed specification, developing workarounds or site specific enhancements, manipulating data, reconfiguring systems, changing operating systems, training users, producing documentation and escalating requests when necessary. About you Ideally, you ll hold a relevant technical qualification, however more important is fluency in the one or more of the programming languages and data management this role supports. Hands on experience of the complete applications system lifecycle and exceptional writing skills is essential, as is strong problemsolving and confident, all round communication skills. You ll also be able to demonstrate the potential to manage and develop others in a line management capacity. Apply For more information about us and our jobs please click the apply button. Closing Date: 10th February 2013