Title: Technical Consultant  BPM / Integration  Nottingham
Webindex: 69018187
Company: Cordius
Description: Technical Consultant, Software Development Consultant, Business Process Management Software (BPM), Integration Technologies, Application Integration, Business Process Integration, B2B Partner Integration, Product Specialist, IT Consultancy, East Midlands, Nottingham. We require a number of Technical Consultants to join a leading global integration and data management solutions provider, helping to deliver unique Provision of onsite implementation consultancy and project management services. Provide consultancy and assist clients in chargeable data transfer services. Assist clients in specification of additional elements of functionality. Contribute to continuing core software development program; new functionality, improving functionality, testing activities. Provide business and systems consultancy aligning the application to the clients operation. Configure the application to satisfy the different needs of the client. Support the client throughout the implementation and live phases. Manage the project ensuring plans are set and met and scope is controlled. Liaise with internal teams to ensure high degree of client satisfaction is achieved. Key requirements: At least two years experience in a customer facing consultancy role. A strong technical background. Highly competent and credible; ability to deal with clients at board level. Ability to manage and control client expectations through the project life cycle. Ability to turn business requirements into realistic software specifications. Professional and mature approach to ensuring customer satisfaction. Technically competent with standard software development platforms. Desirable Experience: Experience and strong technical ability in the delivery of BPM and Integration Technologies, with knowledge of one or more of the market leading products, as well as traditional technical IT development skills. This is a great opportunity to join an expanding and forward thinking organization, offering excellent career enhancement potential and training in to the company offerings and third party products (TIBCO & webMethods). Salary: ****K Location: East Midlands, Nottinghamshire, Nottingham. Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates