Title: Software Diagnostics Engineer (Core Java STB) Osterley
Webindex: 68346944
Company: Experis IT
Description: Software Diagnostics Engineer (Core Java STB) Osterley Want to work for one of the most dynamic, creative environments in the world and become part of the entertainment and communications revolution? One of the UKs leading payTV providers is looking for a Software Diagnostics Engineer to join their Product Design Development team. The Product Design Development division is responsible for the maintenance and support of all of Customer Technology s TV hardware and software products, is a crucial part of Customer Technology department. This team is taking the lead in driving rigorous engineering reliability improvements across our products for the future. The Software Diagnostics Engineer will be involved in product reliability, release maturity and root cause analysis of failures. We are looking for a competent software engineer with excellent problem solving skills, who relishes debugging, investigation and the challenge of the unknown rather than the comfort of a welldocumented module. You will work on devices such as Set Top Boxes (STB), broadband routers and wireless nodes. The scope of investigations can cover the entire software stack from drivers to user interface; as such you will need to be a selfstarter, keen to pry into any software layer to progress the analysis. At the same time you will be bringing your own area of expertise to this high performing, multifaceted team, with responsibility for any important issues in your domain. Daytoday responsibilities include taking issues through the investigation cycle; from technical analysis, code walkthrough, code instrumentation and debugging, solution proposal and test specification. At all stages clear communication is required so that key stakeholders can be kept informed of progress and effective planning decisions can be made. Business priorities directly affect the work undertaken in the team so a good grasp of risk analysis (as it relates to software design and coding) is very important. You would be expected to manage your time and tasks effectively, often multitasking and working with others in the team to bring each activity to a successful conclusion. Someone who thrives on the challenge of a high pressure environment should excel in this role. Postissue analysis and reports are vital to the future improvement of our products, so a proactive approach to generating new ideas, software quality improvements and documentation is required to be considered for this position. Candidates must have proven core java knowledge. Note that diagnostic and investigative work is the main focus, this is not primarily a development role. However, as part of an overall continuous improvement strategy, opportunities may well present themselves to suggest and develop ways of achieving further increases in customer experience quality. For example, the development of diagnostic tools to aid debugging. Does this all sound like you? Then we d love to hear from you. This is a permanent position based in West London and comes with excellent benefits. Please submit CVs and successful candidates will be contacted directly.