Title: IT Technician  Moodle
Webindex: 72229838
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for an IT Technician to join one of the UK's leading and fastest growing online learning and IT companies in Yorkshire. They pride themselves on being a friendly, familyrun business, and aim to be the best company to work for in the local area. Their tagline  'Stretch Beyond'  sums up how they work and what they offer their customers. They innovate, exceed customer expectations and have fun doing things differently. The Role The main duties are to offer second line support for the company's Moodle product line. You will be working as part of a team on the support desk and assisting customers with requests for technical support via email, telephone and an online helpdesk. Providing a high level of efficiency, speed and good service to maximise customer satisfaction and promote future sales. You will be a Moodle enthusiast that can help our customers get the most out of their VLE's. Responsibilities:  Use your Moodle knowledge to help fix customer problems, and help them get the most out of their Moodle  Ensure communication with customers is helpful and efficient, in their preferred method  Use technical skills to offer inovative solutions to issues  Training customers and colleagues in the best use of Moodle software.  Communicate well across departments and with management  Working to keep within the SLA and promote customer testimonials Essential Skills:  At least one year working with Moodle  Excellent communication skills and customer service skills  Good organisational and problem solving skills  Experience in HTML and CSS in a CMS environment  Able to work well in a fast paced organisation and be a team player In addition to the above, experience in the following would be an advantage:  Experience of working in a customer service role  Experience of working to ITIL frameworks  Experience of working in the Education Sector  Experience of working with School Management Information systems The Package:  Salary negotiable, dependant on experience, up to **** per annum plus bonus after probation  Monday to Friday working week  Excellent opportunities for personal development  23 days holiday (plus Bank Holidays) per annum  Free onsite parking  Part subsidised canteen They are always looking for staff who are willing to go the extra mile for customers, who are dedicated to learning and personal development, and who are keen to work harder and smarter than their competitors. Those with skill, enthusiasm and team spirit do not go unnoticed here, and there are always opportunities for promotion and reward based on performance. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITTechnicianMoodle_job****