Title: Technical / Business Analyst (Software)  Derby
Webindex: 72325638
Description: Working exclusively with a growing and highly successful Derby based organisation, Computer People Nottingham are looking for a talented Software Development Business Analyst to join them in a highly challenging and fast paced role. As a Business / Technical Analyst your role will be to work with the development team and customers on a range of software development projects, translating business requirements into specifications and communicating your ideas and suggestions to senior stakeholders. You will work closely with the software development manager and the senior developers to make sure solutions are to specification and fit for purpose before taking ownership of the project management and implementation of solutions. This role is a fantastic opportunity for someone with previous software development/programming experience who is looking to move into a more dedicated Analysis role. I am not necessarily looking for bags of BA experience, but you will need to show ambition, a dynamic personality and a sound knowledge of the software development lifecycle to be considered. Previous programming experience with languages/tools such as Java, C++, .Net, SQL etc. along with demonstrable knowledge of business / technical analysis is required for this role. You must be able to demonstrate a proven ability to liaise with different types of people and turn functional specs into technical specs, as well as being able to document all requirements and work with the relevant project teams to help deliver new software or system improvements. You will also ideally be degree qualified and will have a good understanding of software development methodologies such as Agile, Waterfall or OOAD (Object Oriented Analysis and Development). On offer is a basic salary between ****k  ****k  benefits. This is an urgent vacancy so if you are suitable please apply for immediate consideration. Computer People are an equal opportunities employer