Title: Italian Speaking IT Technician
Webindex: 68181490
Company: Merit Recruitment
Description: Merit is currently recruiting for an Italian Speaking IT Technician on a permanent basis for a successful manufacturing company based in Basingstoke. Main duties of the role: Assist in developing longterm strategies and capacity planning for meeting future desktop hardware needs. Conduct research on desktop products in support of PC procurement and development efforts. Evaluate and recommend products for purchase. Perform onsite analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex desktop problems for end users, and recommend and implement corrective solutions, including offsite repair for remote users as needed. Install, configure, test, maintain, monitor, and troubleshoot enduser workstations and related hardware and software in order to deliver required desktop service levels. Manage all computers, operating systems, and installation of software required by enduser Utilizing an Incident Management and reporting system, receive and respond to incoming calls, and/or emails regarding IT problems. Manage email messaging and collaboration connection solutions, including workstation connectivity, local area networks, voice services. This position will require the successful candidate to work on an oncall basis as needed on a rota system. This position will also include lifting and transporting of heavy to moderately heavy objects, such as computers and peripheral equipment. This position will include some travel and overnight stays which may be on a weekly/monthly basis. Experience/skills required: Fluent in Italian including ability to hold technical conversations Ideally candidates will be educated to degree level or equivalent Working technical knowledge of current systems software, protocols, and standards, including Exchange, Directory Services, Cisco Networking, Cisco UCM, Windows XP/**** ITIL knowledge and certification is preferred Microsoft Certifications Cisco Certifications Network  or A Certifications Handson software and hardware troubleshooting experience. Experience with data management. Proven analytical and problemsolving abilities