Title: Dynamics NAV, Project Coordinator ****k CarBenefits, Staffordshire
Webindex: 69573074
Company: Nigel Frank International
Description: Dynamics NAV, Project Coordinator ****k Car  Benefits, Staffordshire Dynamics NAV/Navision Project Coordinator required to increase the functionality of the current Navision software through application management, business engagement, training and ongoing support. Due to a strong standing within their sector, my Dynamics Nav client are looking to improve the IT function to continue their firm footing at the top of their field. My client, based in are a market leader and are looking to develop the functionality of their current NAV software and applications. This will be followed by an end to end upgrade to Dynamics NAV 2013. The successful candidate will coordinate a new project with an aim to make the company more profitable by managing their ERP systems assisting in the development, roll out and support to MS Dynamic NAV 2013 software. You will act as a point of contact for internal and external IT contractors and be responsible for the support for a number of satellite offices located across the UK. This will involve creating user manuals and providing training across multiple departments and sites. Within the role you will get the opportunity to travel across the UK. This will suit hardworking candidate who is looking to progress their career within Navision and will keep you up to date with the newest Microsoft technologies including Dynamics NAV 2013 and SharePoint. The Candidate must have: Experience of project coordination or project management. A working knowledge of Dynamics Nav, including application support and business analysis. The ability to produce training material as well as being able to deliver this company wide. An engaging personality who is able to engage all business areas in the ongoing use of ERP software as a tool for business change. This is an ideal opportunity for a confident, enthusiastic individual who is looking to progress their career. You will become a key player within a large company at the forefront of an exciting industry and growth market. You will be a selfstarter with the drive and discipline to work independently as well as contributing towards the overall company goal. This is an excellent to opportunity to take your career to a new level. DON'T get left behind APPLY NOW My client offers a generous salary accompanied by an excellent benefits package including a company car. To apply: To discuss this exciting MS Dynamics NAV/Navision opportunity in more detail, please send your CV or call Andrew Poxton in complete confidence ASAP. Nigel Frank International is the leading Microsoft Dynamics recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Microsoft Dynamic NAV/Navision jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements jobs for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the Microsoft Dynamics market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best Dynamics NAV opportunities Navision jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Dynamics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. Key words: Microsoft Dynamics Navision/MS Dynamics NAV/Dynamics Navision/Dynamics NAV/Navision/Developer/Development/Developing/programmer/programming/consultant/technical consultant/functional consultant/business analyst/implementation/project manager/project management/training/implementation/support/West Midlands/Warwickshire/Staffordshire/Shropshire/Leicestershire/Worcestershire/Northamptonshire