Title: Business Relationship Manager IT / Software
Webindex: 69540723
Company: DCV Technologies
Description: Business Relationship Manager IT / Software Role purpose: The role is required to work in collaboration with the Business Relationship Manager and Partnering Team with the rest of the IT functions within the Operations area. The Technical Relationship Manager plays a pivotal role in maintaining client satisfaction and loyalty through ensuring exceptional technical service delivery. The role provides liaison between the company technical department, operational teams and members, commercial partners (Software Houses) and government departments/sector agencies. The incumbent represents Information Services in the public arena at user groups, technical forums, conferences etc. Primary customers/stakeholders: The internal and external contacts which directly affect the activities of this role holder: Internal: Business Relationship Manager Solutions Architects and Systems Analysts Programme and project managers Development Infrastructure Service Management External: Finance Organisation and Development Business Assurance and Business services functions Responsibilities include: Define and maintain technical relationship account areas. Identify and engage representatives of key clients (including but not exclusively HEI s, Software Houses and User Groups, company operational departments, HE sector bodies e.g HEFCE, HESA). Define and implement internal and external communication plans, in line with corporate communications plan, for stakeholder groups (HEI Admissions, HEI Technical Teams, Software Houses, internal technical contacts, line managers and the Information Services Director) to ensure the clarity of company plans for technical change. Provide Management information on service levels to customers, stakeholders, Executive and Boards. Provide service improvement plans and ad hoc analysis to stakeholders as required. Provide an excellent customer experience for all technical accounts, by anticipating need and managing the resolution of customer issues. Communicating regularly with all accounts to evaluate satisfaction and proactively identify upcoming needs. Apply lessons learned from incidents which have affected service provision against Service Level Agreements and Key Performance Indicators to ensure continuous improvement. Gather intelligence from stakeholders on plans and initiatives pertinent to the organisations technical services. Achieve representation on all relevant bodies in order to develop effective partnership working to introduce change and service improvement to mutual satisfaction in a riskmanaged fashion. Perform technical Sponsor role for technical based projects. KEY SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE Demonstrable experience in related technical client facing function Demonstrable experience of influencing at senior levels and building meaningful collaborative relationships across departments. Experience of creating and working to contractual service levels Excellent organisational, analytical and negotiation skills Strong communication skills including public speaking/large audiences, particularly the ability to clearly communicate technical issues and changes to a non technical community and vice versa Excellent leadership skills Ability to set own workloads and priorities. Able to perform well in the face of tight deadlines and tough technical and organisational challenges Steadfast and calm under pressure Knowledge of hardware and especially software installation and management and the systems development lifecycle. Knowledge of service management processes, eg release management, change control, version control, configuration management Excellent customer service skills. Ability to use initiative to analyse, identify and resolve complex problems. Detailed understanding of Service Management methodologies, such as ITIL Demonstrable experience of working in a customer support or professional services environment Experience of professional services or technical project management ITIL qualification or prepared to study for ITIL qualification Financial authorities: Authority to recommend change that affect IT systems Authority to represent the organisation at external meetings Authority to represent Information Technology at user workshops, governance meetings & supplier meetings