Title: Drupal Web Developer
Webindex: 68359326
Company: RDF Resources
Description: My client is a world leader in there industry sector and is looking to bring on a talented Drupal Web Developer to join there team and make an impact Job Purpose The Web Developer will work within the central development team collaborating fully with the publishing, editorial, and IT operations teams to develop new and maintain existing both frontend and backend of the Drupal sites. The Web Developer will play a critical part in the entire engineering process of a website from inception to delivery working closely with the Systems Architect and Systems Developers ensuring that technical standards are met. The Web Developer will also push for standardisation of a Drupal build across the company. Principal Accountabilities To work within the central development team to produce and agree specifications for amending or adding new functionality to an existing website and to produce realistic development plans for the website (including estimates and dependencies). To design and implement new Drupal builds and to extend/modify existing Drupal builds based on new specifications using agreed standards and tools to achieve a wellengineered result. To plan, design and conduct tests of the sites  correcting errors and undertaking retests  to achieve an errorfree result. To document all work in accordance with agreed standards. To ensure that the deliverables of program design, coding, testing, documentation and implementation are undertaken in line with an agreed plan and that they are completed on time. To write PHP, SQL, BASH scripts, HTML and CSS for new and amended programs  from the specifications  using agreed standards and tools to achieve a wellengineered result. To plan and test developments to ensure that the website frontend functions as expected (including testing with a range of browsers). To provide website support ensuring that problems are resolved in a methodical and timely manner and that progress is communicated effectively to all relevant parties  in particular to liaise with IT Operations and stakeholders when resolving problems. To meet regularly with systems developers, web developers and web managers across my clients digital portfolio to ensure that the website designs are of a consistent standard and that usability and/or accessibility choices are in line with the design strategy, as informed by the Systems Architect To maintain an awareness of developments in the industry and participate in the sharing of knowledge and ideas across the teams in order to improve the commercial viability of the websites. The selected candidate should: Be able to demonstrate strong commercial website development experience  **** years  using PHP5  OOP and OOD within Drupal including creation of custom content types, creation of new modules and the integration of theme and templates whilst adhering to Drupal coding standards. Be able to demonstrate strong understanding and have experience of building Drupal CMS using best practice and standard plugins. Be able to demonstrate strong understanding and have experience of developing for high traffic websites Be able to demonstrate strong understanding and have experience of developing for ECommerce websites Be able to manage and develop multiple Drupal builds Be able to demonstrate strong systematic, disciplined and analytical approach to problem solving  paying close attention to detail Be able to rapidly absorb new and existing systems architecture, code and implementation practices Be able to demonstrate effective oral and written communication ability covering all routine activities and contacts Be able to competently plan, schedule and monitor their own work Be familiar with, and be able to use as directed, all applicable tools, methods, procedures and standards Have a good understanding of crossbrowser issues with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Have a good understanding of potential security threats Have a good understanding of RESTFul services Have an understanding of multilingual websites creation Have worked in a structured, teambased environment, and understand good software engineering practices including source code versioning and code testing Have full webstack capability  from relational database (MySQL) to JavaScript to HTML/CSS Have applied knowledge of software revision systems (SVN) Be educated to degree level in a relevant discipline, or have obtained equivalent experience If you tick all the boxes and feel that this could be the right role for you then please get in contact with me and we can have a more in depth chat. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DrupalWebDeveloper_job****