Title: Business Intelligence  BI Technical Consultant  Hungerford
Webindex: 68674228
Company: Xperian Recruitment Limited
Description: Job Title: Technical Presales Consultant – BI Consultant – Cognos, SQL Skills: Technical Presales Consultant – BI Consultant – From various BI technologies Cognos, Phocas, QilView, Data warehousing, SQl Server, SSRS, SSAS, SSIS, Oracle, Linux, Unix, Hungerford, Berkshire, Stock Management, Supply Chain software and solutions, customer focus and service management. Location: Hungerford, Berkshire Due to increased growth and success of the company a new position for an experienced Business Intelligence Technical Presales Consultant is now available within their Sales Engineering team to build software demonstrations to meet customer requirements. You will be responsible for building reports, dashboards and workplaces to demonstrate our capability to meet our customers’ information needs. You will be responsible for the maintenance and configuration of their products, ensuring that data, rich content and the site skin are configured to reflect the customers operating requirements and aspirations. You will manage the technical aspects of the sales demonstration platforms, both inhouse and on mobile platforms such as laptops and other tablet devices. You will also work closely with the Development team to ensure that latest features are incorporated. In this respect, you will also liaise with the PSG team to ensure that appropriate resources are scheduled for installations, backups, upgrades, migrations, etc. Company: Our client is a leading software services company providing advanced software solutions to the distributive trades, Distributors, Merchants, Wholesaler and Retailers. The company has over 30 years of experience, working with its Tier **** customers in many sectors and has built up a unique depth of knowledge and expertise, a reputation for classleading products. The Company looks for individuals who value being part of a winning team and enjoy working in an energetic and dynamic environment that rewards dedication and hard work. The company strives to offer security for both staff and customers and provides excellent products and quality services to its focused market areas. Employment at the Company is based solely on individual merit and qualifications directly related to professional competence. With through ongoing training and career management, the Company offers opportunities for individual growth and development. Role: Working with the Sales Engineering team to build solutions for both sales presentations and to enhance our core demonstration capabilities Attending workshops with customers and prospects to gain a thorough understanding of business requirements. Building software presentations that demonstrate to our customers that our solutions can meet their requirements and that we understand what they need to achieve. Working closely with both our internal Development and PSG teams to develop customer propositions, you will ensure that the business understands the real requirements and will work closely to ensure that the best available solutions, some of which may be latest developments, are implemented to meet their need. Ensuring that the latest developments are incorporated into our demonstration systems and working closely with the Development team to adopt exciting new features. Managing the IT infrastructure for the core demonstration systems and scheduling installations, backups and upgrades to these and the mobile and tablet demonstration systems as required. Building templates to upload data to the core trading system, maintaining the core demonstration data sets in order to ensure that our systems best represents a live trading environment. Skills and Experience Required: As an experienced Technical Presales Consultant / BI Consultant you will have a proven track record in the construction of reports and dashboards using BI products such as Cognos, Phocas, QlikView, SQL Server and reporting tools such as Crystal Reports and Microsoft Reporting Services. Exposure to Oracle, Javascript, HTML, IIS, Apache/Tomcat, Linux (CentOS/RedHat) and VMWare would all be advantageous. Business Studies qualification, Degree, BTEC, HND Excellent problem solving and trouble shooting skills Excellent customer service and strong interpersonal skills Remuneration for the Technical Presales Consultant – BI Consultant – Cognos, Phocas, QilView Salary: to ****  ****  Car Allowance  Bonus  Good Benefits Start: ASAP Skills: Technical Presales Consultant – BI Consultant – Various BI technologies Cognos, Phocas, QilView, Data warehousing, SQL Server, SSRS, SSAS, SSIS, Oracle, Linux, Unix, Stock Management, Supply Chain software and solutions, customer focus and service management. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessIntelligenceBITechnicalConsultantHungerford_job****