Title: Java Service Developer  Leeds
Webindex: 71857277
Company: Evolution Recruitment Solutions
Description: Service Developer / Support Consultant (Java, Ruby Perl). Leeds, Yorkshire. An exciting chance to join a forward thinking specialist provider of real time information management systems. In **** in addition to its consultancy practice, they began the development of a fully managed event driven aggregation and messaging platform that is now in use in major transport facilities globally. They are now ranked the 10th fastest growing Software Company in the UK by DeloitteEURs Fast **** awards. ItEURs a great time to join an established technology centric company who are at the forefront of bleeding edge technology. They offer competitive salaries with a very good benefits package with the chance to be trained and mentored in all the latest innovations by some of the best developers in the UK. To be the single point of contact, from a technical level, for the support, maintenance and enhancement of all aspects of a series of IT based services in the mobile and transportation markets. You will be allocated a Service or Services. A Service is either a: Managed Service, hosted within a approved data centre, Managed Service, hosted on customer site or a Product or Application Support. Relating to a Service, you will do the following; Management of Service ownership of Service within the company, time tracking against targets, management reporting and review meetings, customer reporting and review meetings, working with sales to produce. Definitions of new services, work order renewals, primary contact point for all technical discussions with the Customer. Development with either, Smaller changes working alone, Larger changes as part of a team where you bring Service knowledge. Support, 2nd and 3rd line, where necessary managing the delivery of a solution with the appropriate person. Knowledge of the following is required: Product / Application support, Incident / Problem management. Fault diagnosis. Solution identification/implementation. Java based development. Ticketing tools e.g. OTRS / Remedy. Monitoring tools, Nagios / OpsView / Hyperic. Manual testing of live services. Knowledge with some of the following would be advantageous: Scripting with Ruby / PERL. Web frameworks. Database development/maintenance, MYSQL, Oracle, SQL, JDBC, JPA and Hibernate. Application server, Tomcat, JBoss, Weblogic, Maven/Ant, JavaScript (JQuery) and CSS. Leeds in commutable from Bradford  Huddersfield  Wakefield  Dewsbury  Wetherby  Harrogate For more information contact simon.leachevolutionjobs.co.uk Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. If you would like to apply for this job please send your CV to simon.leachevolutionjobs.co.uk