Title: Oracle DataWarehouse Programmer
Webindex: 68627181
Company: Capita Resourcing IT
Description: Large financial organisation is looking to secure the services of an Oracle Datawarehouse programmer for a 3 month contract. Working within a Matrix management structure as part of the Oracle Development Pool, the successful candidate will participate in the analysis, design and development of ICT Systems. The successful candidate will have a solid background in Oracle technologies PL/SQL, Micro Strategy, Performance Tuning and Relational Database Design. As an Oracle Datawarehouse Analyst Programmer you will be able to:  Perform Lead development role providing assistance and guidance to development team;  Provide technical analysis and design solutions in an Oracle environment.  Produce robust, efficient and reliable code, and undertake unit testing to the highest standard  Troubleshoot and resolve problems in all development, test, training and live environments  Develop software to provide business solutions from functional specifications  Develop and manage the impact of new functionality from work assessments and change requests.  Respond to requests from business analysts and system testers  Prepare documents for internal and external use to agreed standards  Comply with methodology, QA and change management procedures.  Prepare for and perform systems implementations Experience required: Proven track record in software developments using one or more development languages in a structured environment Proven track record in RDBMS development Ability to create efficient code and perform tune existing code. Excellent SQL PL/SQL Development skills (packages, stored procedures, functions). Good working knowledge of Oracle Developer Suite Good working knowledge of Datamodelling Experience of full development life cycle Proven track record in Oracle Datawarehouse development If interested in the role, please call me or send me an up to date CV via the link. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.