Title: Lead Engineer, Engineering Outsourcing
Webindex: 69193927
Company: Orion Electrotech
Description: LEAD ENGINEER, ENGINEERING OUTSOURCING Location: Hampshire with extensive travel to India Full package available to support travel Negotiable  25 days Holiday ( bank holidays)  Pension  life assurance  bonus We are a leading design, development and manufacturer of complex electromechanical equipment to a global customer base. To support ongoing projects, a Lead Engineer with a Manufacturing Engineering /Production Engineering background is sought to manage the outsourcing of engineering project activities to our overseas facility in India. As such you will ensure that all projects are delivered on time, and meet the requirements of the business. This is a senior, technical role which also requires first class leadership and coordination skills. Key points of contact will include, Production Engineers, Programme Managers, Offshore Engineers and customers. The position will require you to utilise your extensive Production Engineering / Project Engineering acumen to ensure a technical solution is delivered in line with cost and development schedules and ensure Design for Manufacture (DFM) and Design for Cost. Key accountabilities for will encompass: Acting as Technical Lead for all outsourced projects. Ensure customer, Internal technical and Cost and Quality targets are met. Project Leadership  directing and guide offshore engineers in support of New Product Development. Ensure overseas engineers deliver technical solution in accordance with project milestones and cost targets. The ideal candidate will be degree or MSc qualified in a Mechanical or related engineering discipline with extensive New Product Introduction (NPI) expertise gained on complex electromechanical products coupled with overseas manufacturing transfer experience. Proven leadership andproject coordination skills area essential as is knowledge of DFM and other related production engineering principals such as FMEA, process development and cost of manufacture. Orion Electrotech Ltd acts as both an Employment Business and Employment Agency and complies with the Conduct of Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations Act ****