Title: DV Cleared Information Management Architect (Documentum)
Webindex: 66386989
Company: FUJITSU   LORIEN PLC
Description: Job Title: DV Cleared Information Management Architect (Documentum) Location: Hook, Reading, Basingstoke Salary: Negotiable dependant on experience Skills required: DV, Developed Vetting, Clearance, Information Manage, Documentum, WDK, SBO/TBO, UML, Essup About Fujitsu Fujitsu UK and Ireland is a leading IT systems, services and products company employing **** people with an annual revenue of **** billion. Its business is in enabling its customers to realise their objectives by exploiting information technology through its integrated product and service portfolio. This includes consulting, applications, systems integration, managed services and product for customers in the private and public sectors including retail, financial services, telecoms, and government, defence and consumer sectors. DV Cleared Information Management Architect (Documentum) This will be a permanent role to be based in Hook, Hampshire. Candidates also considered that would consider a base of Basingstoke or Reading, Berkshire. Candidates must be flexible and willing to travel. All applicants must have current DV Clearance (Developed Vetting) as a minimum. This role will be to work on Defence and National Security projects. As a DV Cleared Information Management Architect your main responsibilities will involve: • Being responsible for Solution Governance and Solution Change within a substantial technical scope (Information Management). • Reporting to the Engineering Development Manager on a daytoday basis. • Reporting to a Release Architect for technical direction. • Taking responsibility for the overall architecture and design of all components for the next Phase of a large scale systems integration contract based around a Documentum solution. This includes the delivery of new components of base software and any related application components configured and developed. • Help refine and determine feasibility, correctness, and completeness of enduser s requirement. • Inform the development process of the correct way to design, develop, integrate and test Capability that directly or indirectly includes their specialist knowledge or skills. • Review documentation requiring an understanding of your specialist knowledge or skills. • Answering questions associated with the design, its features, and its capabilities. • Taking accountability for ensuring that HLDs/HLSDs meet requirements and are cost effective to deliver through the entire lifecycle. • Maintaining an understanding of how effective the live solution is in providing service to users in their technology area. • Ensuring that a full life view of releases is established and maintained for your area, and that this is coherent and costeffective. • Maintaining a detailed view of forthcoming technology change in your area of responsibility and how we can use that for either growth or to improve efficiency or service. • Taking accountability for estimates obtained for impacting change. • Maintaining a view of technical/technology risk in your area. • Assuring (at a high level) that testing in their area, including functional and nonfunctional testing, is appropriate to mitigate the risks of the solution. As a DV Cleared Information Management Architect your skills qualifications will include: • Current DV Clearance (Developed Vetting). • Experience of designing and deploying solutions based around Documentum (WDK, SBO/TBO and Aspects). • Secure Systems Integration experience. • Experience of the security accreditation process pertinent for implementation of secure systems. • Technical Authoring Skills. • UML/Essup design and development techniques. • Kerberos authentication mechanism. As a DV Cleared Information Management Architect desirable skills and qualifications could include: • Experience of deploying EDRMS and Search solutions on Defence IT infrastructures. • Business Process Design. What we are looking for in you: Fujitsu is primarily a “People Company” and its success is built on the skills, knowledge and expertise of its people. The role requires a selfstarter with good communication skills with the ability to build and maintain relationships with customers and stakeholders. You will also have the ability to interface with management and customers at all levels. In return we will offer a comprehensive training programme within a supportive team with the opportunity to progress. The Benefits This is a unique chance to work with a global organisation who can offer a great career path and generous benefits package: • Competitive salary on application. • Car Allowance. • 25 days paid holiday. • Up to 10% pension scheme. • Up to 15% bonus scheme. • Private medical care. • Training and career progression possibilities. Diversity Fujitsu is fully committed to the development of a diverse workforce. Therefore applications for employment are always fully considered, irrespective of gender, ethnic origin, race, faith, sexual orientation or parttime status. For more information and to get a detailed job specification for the role, please apply on line today or call Stephanie Bicker on **** **** **** or send your CV into stephanie.bickerlorien.co.uk Lorien Resourcing is acting as an employment agency on behalf Fujitsu in relation to this vacancy.