Title: PreSales Consultant  Networks  Surrey
Webindex: 70139302
Description: PreSales Consultant  Surrey  Circa **** The PreSales Consultant has a key position within the Commercial Team for one of the UK s award winning market leading companies, responsible for the design and pricing of often complex, largescale Wide Area Network services to Local Authorities in the UK. The projects are characterised by their complexity and by their long sales cycles and it is therefore of up most importance that customer requirements are strictly considered in detail and that suitable technical solutions developed to satisfy not only the technical specification but also within increasingly constrained fiscal environments. Someone who is familiar with Public Sector procurement and bid processes would be at an advantage. The company are a forward thinking, rapidly growing telecommunications company. The PreSales Consultant is required to understand large scale IT operations to be able to advocate how solutions will support the overall IT strategy in an IT organisation, previous proven experience over a number of years would be highly desirable. Some of the key duties within the position are Presales, including technical discussions with customers, designing MPLS networks and other IT Services. Candidates will be required to be responsible for tender writing. The experience required is a Presales background, a technical focus ideally from a networking perspective and good financial modelling skills. Desirable skills would be a public sector background and Hands on MPLS experience. The role will be based in Reigate and is easily commutable from Leatherhead, Crawley, South Croydon and Epsom LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT & Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business & Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector & Gold Awards) 