Title: SAP Business One Consultants / SAP B1
Webindex: 71559647
Company: Ambis resourcing Partnership
Description: SAP Business One / SAP B1 Consultants for London UK  EU candidates will also be considered favourably if you speak excellent English and have the right to work in the UK. Foreign language skills useful. Base salary to ****k plus a range of company benefits and, if you need to relocate to London, you will have free use of a company apartment for the first 2 months to enable you to settle in and find your own accommodation. This is an award winning independent SAP Gold Partner that supplies, implements and integrates SAP Business One (SAP B1) software, as well as being a leader in the development of SAP Business One addons. Their software is available in more than **** languages and is selling extremely well across Europe, Asia, the Middle East, the Americas and Africa. They have a twentyfour/seven multilingual support team looking after their global customers. As a SAP Business One Consultant here, you will be working with everything from outofthebox software through to bespoke, heavily customised designs, and a variety of vertical market addons. Their strong SDK development team enables them to make significant adaptations and enhancements to standard applications and they also focus on integrating SAP B1 with other office systems. They are looking for 2 additional SAP Business One consultants, with proven full life cycle implementation skills, who can see a project through from discovery, tailoring, implementation and migration to training and postimplementation support. Your role will be client facing through the full life cycle and you will need excellent communication skills and will really enjoy liaising with your clients and ensuring a best fit for their software. The ability to speak a second language would obviously be advantageous as their global presence is very strong, and sales are rocketing overseas. You need to be able to work under pressure and will be someone who thrives in a highly motivated team environment. This is a brilliant place to work; **** year track record, highly profitable, innovative, stateoftheart software add ons and great career prospects. They offer excellent ongoing training, opportunities to work abroad if desired and a talented, professional and collaborative team to work with. Please get your CV across to Carolyn MacLurg or Jake King at Ambis as soon as possible, or call us for an informal discussion and further details