Title: Development Systems Administrator SQL Server / Agile / Virtua
Webindex: 71753104
Company: Stairway2
Description: Development Systems Administrator  SQL Server / Agile / Virtualisation: An exciting opportunity to join a fastgrowing company, a market leader in its specialised field and with many blue chip customers. This is an opportunity to make your mark in a highly professional environment. Location: London Salary / Package: ****k  bonus  pension  BUPA  life insurance Key responsibilities of the Development Systems Administrator  SQL Server / Agile / Virtualisation:  To support the development team in setting up, maintaining, building and testing infrastructure.  To implement company products inhouse and support internal live testing.  To automate and optimise processes in line with driving value to the development team.  You will get autonomy to try new things in an environment where you will be encouraged to try.  You will work with an amazing team of highlyskilled engineers and consultants.  You will contribute to developing the nextgeneration of key technologies for the company. Ideal requirements for the Development Systems Administrator  SQL Server / Agile / Virtualisation:  A track record in systems administration within a software house working directly with development teams.  Experience in scripting.  Practical experience working as part of an Agile Development team, having understanding of automated testing and continuous integration techniques.  Strong database understanding / development experience with SQL Server.  Experience with Virtualization technologies (preferably HyperV).  Practical experience in setting up networks using Cisco routers, DNS, firewalls, certificates, etc.  An understanding of core Windows Server technologies such as Active Directory, TCP/IP Networking, Group Policy etc.  Excellent technical, analytical and problem solving skills.  Educated to degree level in a relevant subject (IT, Mathematics, Engineering).  It would also be an advantage to have experience of: Microsoft System Centre Configuration Manager / Systems Management Server; Load Balancing; Clustering; HA environments; DR planning; .Net development; Team Lead experience