Title: Lead Developer C, ASPNet, Winforms
Webindex: 72460221
Company: TEKsystems
Description: My client a prestigious and world renowned, innovative software house are seeking a number of talented developers (C, Asp.Net). To join a brand new team being born out of massive expansion. The company work within an Agile environment, where innovation using the latest version of C and .Net is actively encouraged. Previous leading experience is for the senior positions is necessary. Talented junior developers are also needed for longterm career progression. The training and development available to successful applicants will be unparallelled. This green field project and use of MVC and other cutting edge technologies make this a once in a life time opportunity. Extensive development of C, MVC, ASP.Net are required to be considered. The successful applicant can look forward to a defined career plan, exceptional training and benefits package. A passion for technical innovation will be nurtured and thrive in this role. Working within an agile environment will allow the successful applicant the chance to shine within this new team. Key skills:  Strong ASP.NET development experience  C commercial experience  Experience within MVC  Agile experience Desirable skills/ experience:  Ecommerce experience  Application development experience  Genuine love of technology  Open minded to new techniques Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.