Title: Business Analyst  Leeds or London
Webindex: 72695729
Company: Spencer Resourcing Solutions Ltd.
Description: Business Analyst ( 9 months FixedTerm )  Leeds or London This is an excellent opportunity to join a dynamic global organisation who are at the cutting edge of technology. This is a fast paced exciting environment where you will be given a huge degree of autocracy. Not only will you be financially rewarded but discover huge rewards from working within this truly global organisation that is the number one leader in its field. Experience required (ideally): Experience with database marketing, direct marketing or interactive marketing environments would be a huge advantage  Experience working in an external client facing environment  Experience with the solution development lifecycle  Basic marketing campaign tools experience  Liaise with Architects and Project Managers  Requirements planning and elicitation  Requirements writing  Conflict resolution Your duties would include: Determines activities necessary to complete Requirements Management effort, including identification of stakeholders, and the selection of Requirements Management and business analysis techniques in accordance with the guiding principles of the Delivery Methodology. Organizes and synthesizes complex information provided by stakeholders, formulating information into business, functional, and nonfunctional requirements, documented in a correct, clear, concise, comprehensive, and cohesive format. Develops a requirements management workplan to manage own and teams activities, priorities, tasks, deliverables, and schedule, in coordination with the Project Manager. Analyzes feasibility and resource changes as a result of requirements modifications through impact analysis reporting. Informs and advises affected parties of business impact. Participates actively in the development of testing strategies and test plans to ensure requirements are validated accurately. Manages conflicts, issues, and changes to requirements to ensure that stakeholders and project team remain in agreement on the solution scope, while working with the Project Manager. Key words: Business Analyst, database marketing, direct marketing, interactive marketing, Requirements Management, marketing campaign tools.