Title: Solutions Data Architect
Webindex: 72160364
Company: Quantica Technology
Description: Our client specialize in collecting, managing exploiting information to reveal Data intelligence use the internal skills to assist clients with other informationintensive problems such as achieving regulatory compliance and understanding customer behaviour. Our client has developed a range of worldclass solutions centered on our expertise. Our Clients business and technical consultants offer a range of core services from strategy formulation through people and process change to the development, delivery support of software hardware technology.They delivers projects of significant scale across commercial markets. Our client has a number of opportunities for senior creative problemsolvers, to play a decisive role in a wide variety of exciting projects. As a Solution Architect you will take ownership for the solution elements of major opportunities and delivery programmes and manage the solution design process for initial concepts through to end of life. Requirements Operating at senior levels you are likely to enjoy working more strategically with technology and will be able to demonstrate your ability to operate with real commercial acumen with one or more solution domains including: Information Security,SOA, BPM, EAI, Data Warehousing, J****EE, Social Network Analysis, Ebusiness, Enterprise Search and Retrieval, Analytics, Mobility, Business Event Processing, Network and Infrastructure Design, ITIL. This will be supported by expertise in one or more of a range of delivery models including: Provision of clientside advisory services,Managed service provision, Fixed price and time and materials based delivery, Outsourcing, Offshoring, Nearshoring, Prime and subcontracting Responsibilities Shaping and driving solution thinking for complex bids and delivery engagements,Shaping solution blueprints and/or designs  for example through the tailored application of architecture frameworks (eg Zachmann, TOGAF, MODAF) and other design articulations (including the UML) . Overseeing the implementation of the design in collaboration with other design team members such as Technical Architects, System and Software Designers, Data Architects, Security Architects, Functional and Information Architects. Ensuring the design meets key functional and nonfunctional requirements and allows for operational and through life scenarios required for the solution to be satisfied. Working with client technical authorities or architecture functions to ensure that they have a clear understanding of architecture and design proposals at an appropriate level, and that environmental and other standards/constraints within the client domain have been dealt with appropriately. Working with quality and test management functions to ensure that the approaches and test strategies followed are appropriate for the solution. Working with Delivery Assurance functions to agree how the quality and progress of a given solution delivery should be tracked, and become an expert resource to support interventions on projects where solution quality or progress has become an issue. Retaining overall ownership of solution through delivery and transition into operation and/or subsequent refinement, or modification. Leading estimation efforts to develop an understanding of potential solution costs and delivery timescales including appropriate Service regimes for solutions in production operation. Establishing policy and strategy for the selection of systems architecture components, and coordinates design activities, promoting the discipline to ensure consistency.