Title: Senior SAP Service Delivery Manager
Webindex: 71593585
Company: IT Consort
Description: Senior SAP Service Delivery Manager  Shared Services Senior SAP Service Delivery Manager . This role is joining an expanded group of SDMs dedicated to delivering ERP applications. The role will report to the Delivery Lead for SAP Services within the Service line. The role is accountable for the delivery of Application Managed services across a number of SAP clients mainly within the Public sector so knowledge of this market is desirable. Key Responsibilities: To drive productivity and profitability across the portfolio of services (SAP) whilst ensuring all services are delivered to the quality standards and contractual obligations required. To own activities relating to contract extensions within the portfolio of accounts and within existing scope of services. Manage Continuous Service Improvement to drive increased client satisfaction. Creating AM Service delivery solutions, describing them in a compelling way to clients, and building the financial model (Internal views) to model them. Building and sustaining close working relationships within and with clients to craft winning 'build to run' propositions Seeking and securing service delivery sign off of the proposed solutions Potentially combining solutioning with service delivery by taking responsibility for service transition and live service delivery Liaising with third parties especially hosting partners when appropriate Person Specification: The ideal profile will be A proven track record in applications service delivery Reaches conclusions and takes action on the basis of multistakeholder engagement. Demonstrates strong leadership skills, leads by example and can contribute to the development and/or improvement of processes and raising the profile of the Service Line. Someone who can multi task and is looking to work in a sales/solution environment/service delivery role with close contact and engagement with sector sales and other solution centres in the organisation Essential: A solid knowledge of Applications anagement and Service Delivery in a demanding commercial environment (preferably public sector) A clear understanding of the pressures and conditions surrounding build to run including knowledge of development methods and key technologies including SAP ERP packages and how to convert development projects into sustainable ongoing services. Ability to influence both internally and externally with clients. Enthusiastic in bringing sales opportunities to a successful closure, and determined and persistent to deliver live services that meet SLAs consistently. Able to work under pressure and to tight deadlines Should be well motivated team player with lots of drive, enthusiasm and attention to detail Well organised, self motivated and proactive, ability to work under pressure using own initiative Good 'people' skills and customer liaison skills with a positive 'can do' attitude Evidence of client facing AM/service management experience Knowledge of Infrastructure Management ITIL certification. Knowledge of CMMi compliant quality processes.