Title: Head of Architecture x **** (Please Read)
Webindex: 69017444
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Head of Architecture, Principal Architect Head of Architecture to work for a household know Financial Services organisation. Our customer is one of the industry leaders in the Insurance and Banking sector and due to growth and acquisition they are now looking **** Heads of Architecture. The roles can be either based in Bromley or Croydon. The Bank has separated their Insurance business as a standalone company and this has created the positions. The **** departments are Infrastructure, Applications and Integration. The successful candidates will be working very closely with the previous Heads of Architecture who now solely work for the Bank. This close relationship will be maintained until ****1****. The nature of the role will be to lead a team of 7 Solution Designers / Architects and be responsible for up to a further 20 Developers who operate in a Matrix structure. You will be very strategy and businesses focused and design roadmaps and define strategy. Senior Stakeholder management is key to these positions. The majority of applications are developed in Java however; as they are a large organisation they have a host of cutting edge technologies. The ideal candidate will be in a similar position to the above and will have experience of Designing Roadmaps and providing justification to senior stakeholders. Below are highlights are experience required, Significant experience across applications, information, integration, security and infrastructure architecture domains with specialism in at least one of these Experience in aligning business and IT architectures for business areas and functions Strong experience of IT architecture (and underlying frameworks such as TOGAF) and the development and enforcement of application, information, infrastructure, integration and security strategies Experience with being responsible for architecting integrated programmes (>5m), leading teams of Architects and Designers Experience in the creation of IT Strategy to support business areas / functions Experience of ownership of relationships with business units to ensure strategic alignment and fit for purpose solutions Experience in recruitment and development of ArchitectsThis is a fantastic role to join an industry heavyweight. Financial Services experience is seen as desirable but not essential. Please apply for more information and a full job description. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us