Title: Business Analyst (Media)
Webindex: 69686820
Company: Reed Tech   Manchester Contracts 
Description: A Business Analyst is required for our media client. You will be responsible for interpreting consumer and audience research data, conducting market and competitor analysis, performing product analysis and definition and completing other tasks contributing to the definition and implementation of products. Key Responsibilities will include facilitate decision making with stakeholders and the development team; Investigating and evaluating solutions using a range of approaches, including researching competitor products, commercially available solutions and other products and services; Working closely with the Product Manager to understand current processes understand new requirements; Documenting business requirements (both functional and nonfunctional) for products, projects and features and Producing PQQ/ITT/RFP documentation and evaluate submissions from tenderers. The ideal candidate will have an understanding of business analysis skills, techniques, and practices with an eye for detail and you will have an understanding of Agile (particularly Scrum) software development methodologies. Ideally you will have experience working within a BDD/TDD environment and you will have business analysis experience in a variety of sectors/products, with a focus on requirements gathering. You will have demonstrable experience of using relevant documenting diagramming techniques, such as Domain Models, Process Flow, Use Cases, User Stories, User Journeys. Ideally you will have experience working in a new media software delivery environment. You will work collaboratively with stakeholders and stay open to ideas/suggestions from others. You must have an understanding of relevant technologies, especially online application projects and will have a high degree of internet and computer literacy. You must also have experience applying basic UML techniques and should be able to execute a user acceptance or system test script. Highly desirable A strong interest in Online products and content output and experience in and knowledge in some of the following transactional websites, datadriven web publishing, Web **** social networking and community sites and technologies, audio and video streaming, mobile products and devices, content management systems, interactive TV and broadcast systems. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business.