Title: Infrastructure And Security Architect
Webindex: 66127168
Company: Mackenzie Maughan Consulting Ltd
Description: Our client is one of the worlds leading law firms with a exciting position available for the right candidate. Key Responsibilities • Ability to diagnose and identify network infrastructure and security efficiency improvements or areas for innovation based on current and future service requirements. • Commission, and where appropriate lead, third party providers to design solutions in line with the overall Enterprise Architectural blueprint and that are compliant with CC Design standards and policies. • Deliver documented Infrastructure and Security Architecture for networks and security, gap analysis, compliance analysis to risk policies, lifecycle management analysis, and assist in vulnerability assessments. • Provide Architecture ownership of IT networks, security, Identity and access management roadmaps • Evaluate vendor/partnership Security and Identity management capabilities and inhouse capabilities for solutions. • To be accountable throughout the entire project lifecycle for the end to end solution design. To establish plans, set technical direction, anticipate issues/risks and translate client business requirements into system designs. • Assist in defining the portfolio of activities required to deliver the next 'wave' of the IT strategy and assist in developing the necessary business cases. • To anticipate internal and external business challenges and to be proactive with recommending new technical requirements or improvements to existing projects. • Ensure that there are clear roadmaps that work towards the IT strategy and that enable both project and operational activities to align to the strategy. • To keep up to date with future product vision and translate desired capabilities/modifications to the technology stack. • Guidance for operations staff to ensure they are using cost effective designs and deliver quality outputs related to network and security infrastructure. Skills and Qualifications; • Candidates will need to have proven skills in networking, security and DC migration with an extensive knowledge of Enterprise Architecture. • Strong experience working with Identity and access management processes and solutions. • Strong experience working with key management, PKI and Certificate Management processes. • Experience in provided wireless solutions, understanding of requirements for both access to trusted and untrusted networks • Strong problem solving skills showing ability to work from basic principles. • Good team skills showing ability to work on their own initiative and take appropriate courses of action/decision making. • Proven ability to keep up to date with technical developments and to adapt expertise accordingly. • Experience providing governance and validating compliance of internal and external teams providing Security and Network services. • Experience in the provision and implementation of Cloud Services and an ability to evaluate which applications are suitable for the cloud from a security perspective would be beneficial but not essential. Technical Skills should include most of the following: • Excellent skills in developing and designing network infrastructure. • Experience of largescale transformation and migration projects, proven track record of delivering Network solution over both LAN and WAN to large enterprise environment • Experience in Load balancing and caching solutions, preferably f**** and Riverbed • Experience in designing Network Security solutions and evaluating vendor products to ensure they are fit for purpose (Firewalls, IPS, IDS) • An understanding of security risk assessments and experience of working with information security standards such as ISO27001 • Full remit of the Network solution lifecycle to include requirement gathering, scoping through to design. • The ideal candidate will have experience with either Cisco or Juniper and will hold either accreditation (CCIE or JNCIE). The candidate will be proficient in at least 2 of the following key technologies: • Forefront Identity Manager 2010 • Unified Access Gateway and Threat Management Gateway • Active Directory Federation Server • PKI’s You will have a strong background in networks and security and will be capable of addressing the network and security requirements of the Global firm. They will be responsible for assisting with the delivery of the long term IT strategy and will assist in vendor selection for all aspects of services, with specific skills in networking, security and identity management. You will have strong influencing skills and will liaises with all Global IT teams including IT Operations, Applications support, Global Project teams and relevant Business areas. They will be responsible for the creation of future roadmaps for networks and security including access management and assist with the overall infrastructure roadmap in line with the firms IT strategy.