Title: Embedded Software Designer Engineer C Microcontrollers
Webindex: 69546440
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Embedded Software Designer Engineer C Microcontrollers My client, a global leader within the industrial and automotive space, are looking to hire a talented Embedded Software Engineer to work on a number of new offerings as well as their flagship products. The role will involve designing software, implementation of designs, designer testing and debug. Candidates will required to have knowledge of ****/16 bit microcontrollers, lowlevel device drivers such as SPI, UART, I/O, algorithms and the C language. An appreciation of basic hardware principles is also essential, and a familiarity of software development processes, design techniques and version control would be beneficial. The company can offer a competitive salary, excellent longterm career opportunities and successful candidates will receive onsite training where necessary. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/EmbeddedSoftwareDesignerEngineerCMicrocontrollers_job****