Title: Quality Assurance CoOrdinator
Webindex: 69803366
Company: Sitepeople UK
Description: Purpose of the Role: To provide a high level of administrative support to the Quality Assurance team and the Head of IT Operations. To provide administrative support when dealing with any project, operational change and service delivery related task pertaining to changes within the IT department and service. Main Duties and Responsibilities: General Administrative Duties Provide administrative support to the Quality Assurance Analysts, Manager and Head of IT Operations. Administer any new requests received through the Service Review Request process and minute the weekly Service Review Meetings, disseminating the information to the attendees. Assist with the drafting and documenting of IT operational policies and procedures, both internal and firm wide. Assist Head of IT Operations and Q A Manager with diary management, booking meetings and taking minutes. Attend and minute the biweekly Incident, Problem and Known Error meeting. Change Management Duties Assume full responsibility for the Change Management administration. To include maintenance of the Forward Schedule of Change, Change Agenda and minute the weekly Change Advisory Board meetings. Assist with the implementation of the Change Management module within Infra v**** Administer with the relevant teams and monitor the Configuration Management Database (CMDB). Ensure that information is accurate and up to date at all times, based on the outcome of the Change Advisory Board Meeting, or any Standard Changes raised with the IT Change Administration Team. Monitor, progress and report on all internal Change Requests. Ensure that they are channelled through to the correct IT team and that all parties are kept updated on progress. Provide a monthly report of all changes to the Head of IT Operations. Quality Assurance Duties Manage and monitor the software licences for the firm through LANDesk, ensuring the firm is licence compliant at all times. Process all Non Standard Software Requests and purchase additional licences when required ensuring correct budget sign off is obtained. Ensure that any non standard software requests are tried and tested before being applied to the Standard Desktop and any associated documentation created in order to support this change. Provide Infra training on Call Management to any new starter to the IT Department. Provide overview training and awareness of the IT Department Working Practice and any associated Change Management Process, including internal and firm wide procedures. Complete (as appropriate) any relevant test documentation. Provide support to the Quality Assurance team in the retrieval and collation of test results in order to discover and report any defects, errors or configuration issues. Use the dedicated IT Service Management system Infra to manage workload. Any other duties as assigned by your Manager or Head of IT Operations. Qualifications Formal ITIL accreditation (to at least foundation level) desirable but not essential. GCSE Maths and English Relevant Knowledge and Experience Previous experience of working in a heavily administrative role, preferably within IT. Change Management and Software Licence experience advantageous. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office product suite and operating systems. Technical background desirable but not essential. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QualityAssuranceCoOrdinator_job****