Title: Ruby on Rails Developer  ON THE JOB TRAINING
Webindex: 71199115
Company: Huntress Group
Description: Title: RUBY ON RAILS DEVELOPER Location: MANCHESTER Key Skills: RUBY ON RAILS, PHP, JAVA, .NET, JAVASCRIPT, HTML5 I have a great opportunity for a developer who is looking to learn a new technology or continue a career in Ruby Development and start on the path to an exciting career in development. You will be part of a brand new team at the start of a very exciting time for the business. The role will offer you the opportunity to learn Ruby on Rails and as the role develops, you can look at a future in architecture or into management. The team regularly attend industry events and even speak at local meetups. You will receive on the job training so a background in any development language will be considered. You will be joining a team of highly skilled individuals who work in Agile SCRUM teams using TDD methodologies to release continually. They have a lot of Ruby on Rails projects in the pipeline and encourage people to bring their ideas to the table. The role of Ruby on Rails Developer will involve you developing highly scalable, high quality, secure web applications and you will work with teams from various countries on a common platform which you will help grow. You will also be supporting external partners and enhancing their API. The ideal Ruby on Rails Developer will be someone who has a variety of relevant skills, have ideally worked on some personal projects in Ruby and have the ambition and determination to start their career path with a fantastic, stable, technically focused company. Required Skills:  Commercial experience in Ruby on Rails or PHP or Java or .NET  Experience in TDD with RSpec  Exposure to front end technologies such as HTML5 JavaScript  Experience working on Apple Macs  Desire to work on new technologies and methodologies as they emerge  Experience with relational databases  Strong understanding of REST concepts  Understanding of Agile development, continuous integration and eloquent code To apply for this role of Ruby on Rails Developer, please forward your CV in Word format for consideration. Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role.