Title: Technology Project Manager
Webindex: 69041626
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Technology Project Manager Project Manager, Applications Manager, Treasury, Payments, SWIFT, iPay, FTS, Gach, Reporting. Exciting opportunity to join a Major Investment bank on a long term contract. You will be required to Project Manage the payments related space and ensure projects are delivered from start to delivery whilst on time and in budget. You will need to have excellent people skills in order to face off with the different teams within the payment applications space. You will need to possess a solid background and be able to demonstrate the following skills;  Experience of delivering results in a matrix managed environment within a large, multinational company;  Project management experience of the full software project lifecycle, from initiation through to delivery;  An ability to plan, and to deliver to strict timescales  An ability to control, schedule and report  An effective and collaborative approach to problem solving;  Strong stakeholder management skills;  Experience of project cost and resource management;  Experience of operating in an environment with formal and extensive change control;  Strong written and verbal communication skills;  Working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Project. Solid understanding of swift would be highly advantageous given this role is to work within payments. Banking background is high regarded Please send CVs for review Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnologyProjectManager_job****