Title: EC I Engineers Oxfordshire Contract/Perm
Webindex: 69472815
Company: Gold Group Limited
Description: EC&I Engineers – Oxfordshire – Contract/Perm A market leading nuclear organisation is looking to add a number of DV Cleared EC&I Engineers on both a contract and permanent basis to the team. The Engineer is principally a handson design based role with a degree of team leadership, responsible for delivering a package of work within a project within their discipline. A negotiable salary/daily rate is on offer, as well as the chance to enhance your current skill set with a highly reputable organisation. Development of designs to satisfy technical specifications, primarily using AutoCAD and/or AMTECH Prepare supporting design calculations to substantiate design Check design calculations of designers and other engineers within the team Actively contribute to design reviews, safety reviews (Risk Assessments and HAZOP’s) from technical standpoint Preparation of technical specifications in liaison with client and project team Produce design documentation throughout the design process including scope of works, method statements, risk assessments, technical files and other technical documentation to comply with design standards, safety legislation/regulatory requirements and the needs of the client Prepare installation, commissioning and operating documents Planning and allocation of workload to other members of design team within discipline in order to deliver package of work Management of subcontractors providing niche services to the design Current DV clearance is essential for this role. Preferably degree qualified in a relevant technical/engineering discipline though not essential. Minimum HNC qualification or equivalent gained within a relevant discipline e.g. Mechanical Engineering. A full UK drivers licence is essential for this position as travelling between offices may be required. Demonstrable competence gained in a design delivery position Experience in nuclear is essential. It is also a requirement of the position to demonstrate experience gained in a similar position ideally from a highly regulated industry. This could be from but is not limited to Defence, Pharmaceutical or Oil & Gas Technical design experience in EC&I or EC&A will include conceptual design and design calculations It is a requirement to have experience of electrical design including cabling, sizing, control panel design, system design, power supply and distribution etc. knowledge of design standards and design based risk assessment would be an advantage Experience of leading teams within a project environment would be a distinct advantage If this opportunity sounds of interest to you, or to hear about other roles in the Nuclear sector, please apply now. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business.