Title: Project Manager, OSS Project Manager, PM,Project Consultant,OSS
Webindex: 65437034
Description: My client a leading Mobile operator are seeking to recruit a permanent OSS Project Manager with the below skill set:Responsible for managing one or more OSS projects within the constraints of scope, quality, time and cost to deliver specified requirements and meet customer satisfaction. Manage Projects according to the corporate strategy and company service delivery requirements. Further, utilizing the standard company processes and tools for all projects, which result in a high level of stakeholder and customer satisfaction. Project Integration Management: Project plan development  integrating and coordinating all project plans to create a consistent, coherent document. Project plan execution  carrying out the project plan by performing the activities included therein. Integrated change control  coordinating changes across the entire project.Project Scope Management: Initiation  authorizing the project or phase. Scope planning  developing a written scope statement as the basis for future project decisions. Scope definition  subdividing the major project deliverables into smaller, more manageable components. Scope verification  formalizing acceptance of the project scope. Scope change control  controlling changes to project scope.Work experience requirements: Individual experience: 3 years experience in OSS Mobile/Telecommunications industry and Information Technology (should be recent). Good working knowledge of project management disciplines and processes. The role requires an individual who is selfmotivated and able to work independently and autonomously. Proven track record of project successes in similar companies and industries.Interpersonal Experience: Good communication, influencing and interpersonal skills. Ability to work across various cultures and across organizations and company boundaries. General management, matrix management experience and strong team development skills. This role requires the ability to identify goals to be pursued, and to influence others towards these same goals.Business Experience: Understanding of business structures, drivers influences. Have knowledge of political and financial challenges of a large International group. Good business planning and strategic skills experience in similar companies and industries. Developing and managing budgets, including understanding corporate accounting methods. Proven track record in developing forecasts and plans, managing complex projects to quality, time and budget.Customer Experience: Customer service contractual and service level agreement experience. 3 years experience in an outsource vendor environment, specifically in service delivery or 3 years experience working on the customer side of an outsourcing relationship. Good negotiation skills and presentation skills.Desirable Skills: Qualifications and Technical Requirements: APM Certified PRINCE II Practitioner Secondary schooling GSCE's and A Level's. Tertiary education with College or University degree with relevant major subjects PC Skills  High Proficiency. Microsoft Windows Office MS Project . Stake Holder Management