Title: Senior Software Engineer  Bespoke Software  London
Webindex: 69038182
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Senior Software Engineer  Bespoke Software  London Skills: Java, J****EE, C, .NET, Agile A worldleading independent technology consulting firm, my client produces innovative tailormade software solutions for a range of highbrow industry partners, ranging finance, medical, gaming, telecoms even space travel. The company is renowned globally for their expertise in designing developing bespoke products with compelling quality efficiency. They seek a talented Senior Software Engineer to work in a consultative manner on a wide variety of high profile development projects across industries, utilizing agile methodologies. Applicants should have:  Strong academics from a global institution of higher education, with a thorough understanding of Computer Science fundamentals  Experience using Java or .NET as your primary OO programming language  Experience with Agile methodologies  Excellent interpersonal skills, as you will be the face of the company and represent  A real desire to develop themselves as an industry technical 'expert' You will be working alongside some of the best in the business, in various challenging and diverse projects. No project is the same, and there is great flexibility in the work load. The majority of the work will be UKbased, however, on occasion training engagements may be delivered anywhere in the world, so there is the opportunity to travel should you so wish. The company is organically grown so the senior members of staff are still hands on are experts in the field, thus offering unrivalled investment in to your ongoing training. Excellent remuneration is offered for the right candidate, including a training package which gives you an allowance ( and days off) to spend on your own personal development, i.e. working towards professional certificates/exams, attending training seminars/conferences. If interested, please send your CV to Jon at Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorSoftwareEngineerBespokeSoftwareLondon_job****