Title: IT Support / 1st line Support Apprentice based in Chesham HP****
Webindex: 68091136
Company: QA Apprenticeships
Description: QA Apprenticeships – a first step to a real IT career Are you looking for independence, and an alternative to fulltime education? QA Apprenticeships in IT give you exactly that: a real job with real responsibilities, qualifications employers want. We have businesses ready to employ and support you through a **** month IT apprenticeship. The programme combines hands on technical training with QA, the UK’s largest IT trainer, and a job for a year with a real IT employer. You’ll alternate between training at your local QA academy and fulltime work. The Role Established in 2003 by business partners Iain Dallas and Simon Jerome, OnIT has grown to become the recognised business it is today, providing IT support and assistance to a number of businesses across Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire and Berkshire. With a background in technical roles, and Microsoft Certified Engineer (MCSE) qualifications, both Iain and Simon wanted to bring their experience and expertise to OnIT, providing bespoke IT support and solutions, including network security, to SMEs within the local area. The range of services on offer ensures businesses can pick and choose the service most relevant to their business, whether you’re looking for IT support, or network services. The dedicated support team, located within the office at Chesham, Bucks, ensures customers talk to the same people time after time. The business prides itself on having approachable staff with a passion for assisting customers, whatever their IT requirements. Services include: Outsourced IT support – providing remote assistance Backup solutions – online backup services and ServerRescue IT consultancy – provided by a qualified and highly experienced team Network security services – from firewalls to spam solutions IT procurement – whether it’s a new system or office move Job Overview: IT Support / 1 st line Support The successful candidate will deliver exceptional customer support to business partners and end user customers. Duties may include responding to people’s technical problems by email and telephone, and helping to set up new systems. You may also carry out some technical support at customer’s offices Training to be provided: Microsoft Technical Associate (MTA) City Guilds Certificate in IT Systems and Principles City Guilds Level 3 Diploma in IT Professional Competence Qualifications Required: You must have at least **** G.C.S.E Grades (C and above) or equivalent, Maths and English is a must This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITSupport1stlineSupportApprenticebasedinCheshamHP****_job****