Title: Senior Interactive Designer/Developer
Webindex: 71848860
Company: Talentweb Ltd
Description: Senior Interactive Designer/Developer Salary: Negotiable dependant on experience Location:Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire Our client is a very dynamic, young company specialising in developing gamesbased elearning ('Serious Games') computer elearning solutions. They use the latest online technologies to develop engaging, fully interactive, award winning virtual reality computer based training programmes. Their programmes are currently used by a wide range of colleges and commercial companies. Our client has considerable experience of designing, developing and implementing technology based training and assessment programmes that deliver clear quantifiable business improvement. They are looking for a Senior Interactive Designer/Developer with solid design and development experience and project/production management skills to join our growing elearning development team. Candidate: The successful candidate will be able to work effectively with the department director and other team members to create elearning solutions and ensure they are delivered on time and to a high standard. The ability to meet deadlines, attention to detail, experience in the design, development and programming of interactive multimedia and elearning solutions are important. This role would be suitable for a designer/developer with a 4 years commercial experience, including production management. Responsibilities include: Design and develop highly interactive elearning and interactive content Create and animate graphics using Adobe Photoshop, Flash and other software authoring tools Support other teams members ensuring quality and rapid development Review storyboards and scripts Oversee production of elearning content and media assets Working with existing templates and software to create a range of rich multimedia and interactive elements using text, audio, graphics and interactivity. Required Skills/Experience: Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite software, particularly Adobe Flash and Photoshop. Good creative, graphical and interface design skills Understanding of Adobe Flash for both Actionscripting and animation Production/project management skills with the ability to multitask and meet tight deadlines Ability to communicate and manage various internal and external stakeholders Attention to detail with the ability to execute projects accurately and quickly Portfolio or examples that demonstrate your skills are required Other Desirable Skills: Knowledge of other Adobe Create Suite products such as Illustrator and Dreamweaver would be beneficial Knowledge of Articulate Storyline or similar rapid elearning tools Knowledge of HTML/CSS Knowledge of design and development for mobile technologies The ideal candidate will have a relevant degree. Do not miss out on this opportunity to join a fantastic company Apply Now This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorInteractiveDesignerDeveloper_job****