Title: Technical Operations Analyst  Sales Support
Webindex: 66195487
Description: AH/**** This client based in West Berkshire is a market leading software company into trading and financial software environments for specialist Distribution, Wholesale, Merchant and Retail industry sectors, addressing single or multibranch operations, as well as catering for organisations with 'pointofsale' showrooms and warehouses. Technical Operations Analyst   Sales Support Overview 149; Acting as technical lead, working within the Operations Delivery Team, the successful applicant will assist in the determining, quoting and implementing of solutions to prospects and customers. 149; This role will involve liaising with Sales and Technical Support departments to capture information on solutions. 149; Coordinate quotations, tasks and projects involving company supply partners. 149; Follow signed quotations through to delivery; maintaining accurate records of project milestones and billing. 149; Using technical knowledge and understanding of solutions to ensure customers and colleagues are kept updated on project progress. 149; The role may involve travel to both customer sites and our offices across the UK. This role may also include overseas travel. A valid driving licence is desirable. Technical Operations Analyst  Sales Support Knowledge/experience 149; Preferably educated to degree level in IT related field. 149; Experience of working in an IT environment delivering solutions; including: Servers, PCs, Printers, Networks and Telecommunications. 149; Commercial understanding of the quote process within an IT organisation. Technical Operations Analyst  Sales Support Personal Skills 149; Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate meaningfully at both board and end user level 149; Ability to work under pressure with limited time, direction and guidance to complete tasks in a timely and accurate manner 149; Maintain professional communication at all levels and project a professional image 149; Excellent administration and IT skills, including using PowerPoint, Word and Excel as well as bespoke Systems (data input and order processing). 149; Be highly organised and manage workload efficiently 149; Be adaptable and work as an effective member of a team 149; Work conscientiously and use own initiative 149; Adopt a positive, proactive approach to work. 149; Ability to recognise how, when and to whom an issue should be escalated. Questor is acting as an employment agency in relation to this advert. Due to the effectiveness of online advertising and the response levels that it can generate it is often impossible for us to respond to every applicant. As a professional company we gladly welcome applications from persons of any age and background and do not intend to discriminate with advert text and terminology. Key Words: Servers PC Printers Networks ERP system systems admin administrative communication report reporting IT MS Microsoft PowerPoint Word Excel professional sales selling sold Analyst support commercial Distribution, Wholesale, Merchant and Retail industry Servers PC Printers Networks ERP system systems admin administrative communication report reporting IT MS Microsoft PowerPoint Word Excel professional sales selling sold Analyst support commercial Distribution, Wholesale, Merchant and Retail industry Servers PC Printers Networks ERP system systems admin administrative communication report reporting IT MS Microsoft PowerPoint Word Excel professional sales selling sold Analyst support commercial Distribution, Wholesale, Merchant and Retail industry