Title: Data Integrity Analyst  Automotive Manufacturing
Webindex: 69217981
Company: ASC Connections
Description: Data Integrity Analyst  Automotive Warwickshire ****  benefits Data Analyst required to ensure all Inventory records are accurate and integrity maintained. To coordinate activities for all MP&L Inventory Analysts during production of all models built and ensure that all necessary reports and metrics are created, issued and maintained Experience of controlling inventory preferably in an Automotive Manufacturing environment is considered as essential. Knowledge of Engineering change and Bill of Material structures is desirable. Computer literate to generate complex metrics and strong reporting background i.e. use of Excel spreadsheets/ data tables Set KPI?s and measure performance ? good judgement and analysis skills required The ability to organise and liaise with other departments at all levels. Required to work outside of normal hours as necessary to ensure problem resolution. Support during Stock take phases is critical and can be unsociable hours Degree / HNC level of education in Inventory Accounting or equivalent would be desirable. Key Responsibilities & Tasks: Key objective is to ensure that all Inventory records are accurate on the computer system and that the integrity is maintained at all times by ensuring all stock integrity issues are resolved. Ensure that all necessary reports and metrics are issued and maintained for review by Senior Managers and Directors. Coordinate receipt of all inventory count requests and ensure they are allocated for action. Liaise with the Lead Logistics Provider and Quality departments to control line side inventory levels and all parts held in their possession and identify any stock discrepancies and ensure permanent corrective action in place to avoid recurrence. Identify root cause analysis of inventory record errors and ensure actions are allocated to the relevant areas for actions to correct. Assist Supply Chain Analysts and Mod Control in resolving stock integrity issues in order to protect current production. Physically count parts at line side as necessary. Support and work closely with Mod Control with balance out inventory counts to enable effective running change introduction of new level parts. ASC Connections is a leading recruitment business specialising within areas of both technical and business services. We operate as an employment business or an employment agency for all temporary and permanent roles respectively. For an extensive range of job opportunities please visit our website at www.ascconnections.com