Title: Business Development Manager  Fire & Security Services
Webindex: 70034228
Company: Webrecruit UK
Description: Business Development Manager  Fire & Security Services Field Based (Covering Southern England) Up to **** (Potential to earn ****) Plus Unbranded Company Car, Pension Scheme, BUPA Healthcare, Flexible Benefits including Healthcare for Family Members, Life Assurance, Payment of Professional Subscriptions, 25 Days' Holiday  Bank Holidays, Company Sick Pay Our client, established in 1988, is one of the UK's largest providers of maintenance and installation services of door entry, access control, fire detection, emergency lighting and CCTV. They primarily operate within the sheltered, retirement and residential property sector, concierge, telecare & telehealth and emergency alarm monitoring for clients throughout the UK. An opportunity has now arisen for a Business Development Manager to join their team. This is the ideal role for a high calibre technical solutions and services sales professional from a maintenance, services or fire/security installations background looking to join a marketleading company. Offering an exceptional package to accompany this exciting and dynamic role, the successful candidate will join a culture of development and recognition where each employee is encouraged to fulfil their potential. As a Business Development Manager, you will be responsible for selling our client's full range of fire and security services. You will primarily sell to housing associations and private residential markets located throughout the South. You will research and prospect housing associations, local authorities and retirement developers and contacts within the industry and generate competitive tenders and bids in order to win business. 'Handholding' clients though the entire sales lifecycle, you will be backed up by experienced pre and post sales teams who actively support and contribute to the sales process and account management activities. Using a creative and balanced selling approach, you will provide security and peace of mind to clients ensuring they have the correct fire and security solutions for their needs. You'll build strong relationships with key decision makers and stakeholders within your target organisations. To be considered for this exciting opportunity, you must have:  Experience of selling services and technical solutions into designated residential and sheltered and/or social housing markets  A proven track record of bid management and winning tenders  Experience gained within any of the following industries: social alarms, warden call, telecoms, building, property or facilities management, telehealth products or services, fire and security systems Focused and empathetic, as a Business Development Manager, you must have exceptional relationship building skills at all levels and the great communication and interpersonal abilities that accompany them. To apply for the role of Business Development Manager, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Business Development Manager, Social Alarms, Warden Call, Telecoms, Building Management, Property Management, Facilities Management, Hard Service Management, Soft Service Management, Fire & Security Systems, Senior Sales Executive, Technical Sales Executive, Services Sales Executive, Field Sales Executive, Area Sales Executive, Territory Sales Manager.