Title: IT Procurement  Knutsford
Webindex: 68710014
Company: hyphen
Description: IT Procurement  Knutsford  ****K ****K Our client, a leading Finance organisation is looking for a Procurement Manager to take responsibility for Service Requirements, Contract Negotiation and Commercial Support. Key responsibilities:  Service Requirements  In conjunction with the Commercial Planning Manager, the relevant Service Managers and other stakeholders, manage precontract vendor engagement to ensure service requirements and performance standards are defined and document.  Contract Negotiation  Assist with the negotiation of the service aspects of vendor contracts  Commercial Planning  Develop commercial plans to deliver service strategy and business objectives as well as contract renewal schedule  Commercial Support  Provide incontract commercial support to service and support teams to ensure effective delivery of vendor contracts and resolution of supplier payment issues  Define, agree and communicate standards and templates for managing vendor Service requirements and performance standards in line with overall Network Technologies services strategy.  Input into business cases working with the relevant stakeholders to deliver the Service Roadmaps and maintain the lifecycle management of the Network technology vendors and contracts Key Skills:  Strong analytical skills with the ability to assimilate large amounts of complex business data to reach objective decisions swiftly, honestly, assertively and constructively.  Experience of managing complex technology Contracts within a Financial Services or similar environment  Experience of contract planning, renewal and supplier management best practices  Experience of endtoend vendor payment lifecycle and issue resolution (purchase order, invoicing, payment)  Evidence of driving suppliers to deliver service improvements or change programmes to improve overall supplier performance and achieve business objectives.  Core understanding of how to define, document and embed processes.  Core understanding of service and supplier management processes and methods.  Core understanding of acceptance and integration process and methods.  Core understanding of Project and Change Management Processes.  Awareness of risk and governance, including supplier governance. hyphen.com Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITProcurementKnutsford_job****