Title: Project Manager  Portugese and Spanish Speaking
Webindex: 72678214
Company: Global Technology Solutions Ltd.
Description: A great opportunity has arisen for a Spanish and Portugese Project Manager. This role is a senior Project Manager role, managing a country or group of county transitions, in this case Spain Portugal overseeing the work stream project manager deliveries into a single country project. The jobholder is expected to be a leader when engaged with the workstream project managers and senior customer stakeholders. The Project Manager is expected to provide a diverse primary focus on project/programme management methodology, but have a strong awareness of managed service methods (ITIL), commercial and financial acuity and strong organisational and leadership skills within the team. Duties Responsibilities of the Project Manager: Provide project management leadership to workstream project managers taking ownership for the country project plan and deliverables associated with that country transition. Own and manage to TCQ (Time, Cost, Quality) the country project plan, RIA (Risks, Issues, Actions tracker in db) and all country level reporting for the transition. Own customer relationships with incountry nominated db stakeholders, build the relationship, plan and agree activities and review progress. willingness to travel at short notice, manage virtual teams across GEOs and should have at least **** BFSI project management experience. Coordination and Relationship Management of the Project Manager  Very close daytoday relationship with the Programme Manager.  Close daytoday relationship with each of the team members (PMs, a/c mgr, Transition leads) Client  Liaison with incountry client representatives to ensure there is a controlled flow of information between the parties and coordination of events.  Report to customer stakeholders on status, issues and escalations. Partners  Week by week relationship with relevant partners to agree and coordinate work methods, flow of information events Required Knowledge and Experience Knowledge  Structured Project/Programme Management methodologies ( e.g. PRINCE ****/PMI) (Excellent)  Finance management Concepts (good)  Commercial and contractual awareness (good)  Service Management and IT infrastructure concepts (good eg ITIL) Attitude  Attention to detail  Decisive  Assertive  Dynamic  Focused  Flexible (Adaptive to change)  Goal oriented.  Organised Skills  Planning Organising (Very competent)  Analysis (competent)  Dependency Risk Management (very competent)  Financial management (competent)  Relationship Building (competent)  Leadership (competent)  Written verbal Communications reporting (Very competent)  Use of Project Planning tools MSProject (very competent), Excel (very competent) Powerpoint (very competent)  Language skills (per country) (very competent) Spanish Portugese Clearance All candidates must be able to demonstrate a preexisting right to work in the relevant countries, documentary proof will be requested at interview If you are a Spanish and Portugese speaker and are a Project Manager, that has all of the skills listed, do not hesitate to apply