Title: PHP Develope
Webindex: 69020986
Company: Time Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Web Application Developer **** plus depending on experience min **** month fix term contract to permanent. Sector:  Education Interviews immediately My client is seeking a talented PHP / MySQL developer to maintain, develop and document our existing range of bespoke webbased systems. These systems will be gradually reimplemented onto a Sharepoint platform over the course of the next couple of years. In the meantime the existing codebase needs reviewing, documenting and refactoring as appropriate to ensure the smooth running of the college, and to simplify the migration process. As these systems are in active use, various modifications and amendments will be required to add or amend functionality as required. As the Sharepoint project progresses, the successful candidate will embed into this team to ensure that replacement systems are functionally equivalent and fit for purpose. The suitable candidate will have the following:  PHP5  Must be a skilled PHP developer, with experience developing database driven websites.  MySQL and Microsoft SQL Server  A solid understanding of both database systems, with familiarity with concepts such as normalisation, query optimisation, transactional processing and relevant PHP APIs (especially PDO) is a must.  XHTML/CSS/JavaScript/AJAX  Good knowledge of all of these technologies is a must. Experience with Drupal or jQuery is also extremely desirable.  Technical Documentation  must have experience writing clear documentation for web based software projects.  Knowledge of development best practices with regard to security (e.g. XSS, SQL Injection), performance, and code readability, is vital.  Selfstarter  must be able to get involved quickly without extensive direction. This is a brilliant opportunity to work for a forward thinking company, apply today or contact Zoya immediately for more information. (Apply online only) (Keywords, IT, Development, PHP, PHP Development, Web Appilcation)