Title: API Developer
Webindex: 72161125
Company: Testing Circle Limited
Description: API Developer  Central London  perm  ****  ****K experience depending  Immediate Digital Solutions  API Developer Overall Purpose To work with digital projects as outlined in the portfolio of initiatives. This person will take ownership of specific deliverables as assigned by the Digital Solutions Programme Manager to scope and formulate IT requirements to meet business project requests. This person will then work with the appropriate technical resources assigned to deliver an enterprise level solution to the business. Through this process, this person will become a subject matter expert on our client's API programme and will help evolve their digital strategy. Key Responsibilities Build and maintain strong relationships with key business contacts. Analyse business requirements in order to define the scope specification for a business systems solution, gaining agreement from the business sponsors. Work to develop appropriate solutions taking account of business requirements, business case, risks and relevant IT policies and strategies. Design, plan and implement the selected solution to time and budget, including testing, training and production of user and operational support documentation according to agreed standards. Provide ongoing support for systems in nominated business area, including process improvements and system enhancements. Knowledge, Skills and Experience Technical Skills Personal Profile Working knowledge of at least one of the following: ESB inc. Cloud/Saas Integration (IBM Cast Iron or similar) XSLT MQ Technology (vendor specific or Open Source) ETL tools (Informatica or similar) API Gateway technology (protocol mediation and access control) Salesforce (SOAP and REST API, Apex) Agile development Continuous Integration Source control HTTP server configuration including web, reverse Proxy, CDN and SSL Web relevant Security Protocols (SAML, OAuth) Highly self motivated and directed, with keen attention to detail. Good analytical and problemsolving abilities. Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a highpressure environment. Experience working in a teamoriented, collaborative environment. Passionate about learning new technologies and applying enterprise standards to innovation. Able to communicate technology issues with nontechnical people and contribute to idea development Ideas of your own and ability to transform ideas into proposals with tech Qualifications University degree in Computer Science or similar preferred Experience working in small to medium size project teams API Developer  Central London perm  ****K experience depending  Immediate For immediate consideration, please send your CV or call.