Title: Carrier Relations Manager, Telecommunications
Webindex: 70714376
Company: PeopleCom Ltd
Description: Carrier Relations Manager for a major pan European telecommunications services provider, London Up to ****k base plus bonus Job Summary The key to the success of this role is the effective development of relationships with the UK and European Carrier Market. To keep accurate records for those third party dark fibre and lit services that have been certified as appropriate to use in our client’s solutions. To assist client by gaining timely and accurate information from 3rd party fibre and lit circuit vendors. Putting in place processes to gain pricing and mapping information quickly and having the agreements in place to order services is essential to the strategy moving forward. It is desirable that as much information as possible should be held by client prior to requests being made rather than having to engage every carrier each time a quote is required – to do this the development of a knowledgebase is required. Once quotes and maps have been obtained the network must then be designed in a Desk Top Survey. Working on a European basis this person will be responsible for negotiating pricing and placing orders with major international carriers for the supply of offnet access to include Ethernet, Wavelengths, fibre and collocation services, including space power and cross connects. This person will • Drive cost reduction and other improvement initiatives within the areas of responsibility • Ensure that the management is made aware of relevant terms and conditions of supplier agreements. • Lead the renegotiations and renewals with contracted suppliers • Maintain an analysis of supplier spend Contributes to building strong relationships with all key stakeholders to deliver a highquality, cost effective OffNet solutions. Specifies requirements, negotiates pricing and manages contractual aspects of specific supply arrangements. Ensures relevant OffNet business documentation is in place and maintained. Ensures effective SLAs are in place and maintained. Handles SLA credits when suppliers deviate from Zayo terms – Attends service reviews. Manages escalated invoice disputes. Manage to acceptance the delivery of any vendor installations.