Title: Systems Engineer  Havant  ****k
Webindex: 67652194
Company: Spectrum Recruitment
Description: System Engineer required to join an IT outsourcing company from their head office based in Havant, to work as part of the network infrastructure department, performing all aspects of network support and installation of IT equipment as directed. This includes telephone, remote and onsite work as required up to and including third line support. The role of Systems Engineer will involve working across all levels of IT support from simple IT issues through to complex server and networking installations, administration and troubleshooting. You will be involved throughout the full support lifecycle of an IT outsourcing company from gathering potential requirements from a client through to installations and ongoing support, which will be done either over the telephone, remotely or on client site. Furthermore you will be involved in producing technical solutions and be seen as the company representative when on site. To be considered for this role you are likely to have 3 years  experience in an IT reseller / solution provider environment, ideally at a senior level and be comfortable with interacting with business customers at all levels. This position requires an organised, resourceful, adaptable and selfmotivated person who has good communication skills and the ability to perform under pressure, both alone and as part of a team. Qualifications such as MCITP, MCTS, MCSE sites. Ideally, candidates will have experience in as many of the following areas as possible: Customer facing experience in an IT reseller / solution provider environment. Proven history of successful consultancy, project planning & implementation 3rd line technical skills in MS technologies, LANs, WANs, Firewalls, VPNs Virtualisation, Storage, Disaster Recovery, Scoping hardware requirements Windows Server, Exchange Server, SQL Server, SharePoint Server, Remote Desktop Services, Microsoft Office This is an excellent opportunity to join a progressive and growing company who would be able to offer career opportunities as they grow and will give people the opportunity to work with the latest technologies by sending you on training courses. Competitive Salary of circa **** plus company mobile, car allowance, pension, bonus and employee share scheme. To apply, please send CV or call Nicole (Apply online only)