Title: Graduate Business Analyst
Webindex: 66665070
Company: The People Network
Description: Graduate Business Analyst, 25k****k  package  London. A leading bank in London is looking to recruit a team of experienced Graduate Business Analysts to work on a range of cutting edge projects. The ideal candidate will be a graduate with a couple of years experience in industry. This is a highly business facing role performing a relationship management role with the business and technology. You will work within the Digital Design team alongside Interface Designers, Solutions Architects, and Operational Analysts, working across multiple stages of the lifecycle to take outline customer and business propositions, critically evaluate them and develop and agree an end to end customer and technical design. To be considered for this you will be a Graduate with some commercial Business Analyst experience. In addition you will have: Graduate. 12 years experience as a Business Analyst. Experience in Business Analysis techniques processes and tools. Commercially savvy. Able to see problems and solutions from a business perspective. Well balanced business and IT awareness. Able to work within a fluid environment to derive clear requirements. Ability to collaborate under pressure and work within multiple work streams. Some experience working on ECommerce / Digital projects desirable. (Online, Mobile  Multi Channel digital). Exposure to Financial Services desirable. ISEB and/or similar qualifications desirable. Personally you will be a disciplined thinker and capable of working across organisational boundaries in a very demanding, highoutput environment. You will have outstanding organisational skills, attention to detail and accuracy is essential. Must be proactive, adaptable and results driven. You will be a team player who must be able to work under pressure, juggle multiple projects, using own initiative and motivation to meet deadlines and set priorities without close supervision. In addition to the basic salary this role offers: bonus, pension, 25 days hols  other bens including the opportunity to work from home. Excellent training and development with guaranteed career progression. This position also offers the opportunity to work on the cutting edge of technology for a leading bank with multiple channels for career and skills advancement. If you have the skills mentioned above then please send your CV for a full company and vacancy briefing.