Title: IT Project Manager / Project Manager  IT
Webindex: 69017342
Company: Gregory Martin International
Description: IT Project Manager IT Consultancy  IT Support Services and Solutions Our client is a provider of technologically based consultancy and support services. An opportunity has arisen for a Project Manager within the centralised Group IS department. As well as the technical and transactional support work within Group IS they carry out many strategic projects both for business units, corporate functions and Group IS itself. The successful candidate will be responsible for delivering IS solutions capable of being rolled out across the group. They are looking for a confident project manager with proven experience in coordinating crossdisciplinary teams, across a multitude of systems. The successful candidate will be competent in leading the roll out of business / corporate applications and associated infrastructure as well as coordinating any resulting change management across the business. The Project Manager will be able to communicate effectively at all levels across the organisation. Qualifications PRINCE**** Practitioner or equivalent IS Project Management experience in a similar sized company Experience managing software implementation Experience in managing project budgets Experienced in the use of Project Tools and Microsoft applications MS Projects, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Visio Skills: IT Project Manager Strong project management and leadership skills with proven ability to communicate at all levels Ability to coordinate tasks across multiple disciplinary teams. Ability to manage change and variation management surrounding large scale projects Proven experience in resolving key issues in major projects to ensure a successful delivery. Knowledge of Project Management principles, methods, techniques and tools for the effective management of the entire project lifecycle from initiation through to implementation. Comprehensive knowledge of waterfall and/or agile methodologies Use of methods and techniques for reporting the progress of an activity against plan as well as assessing and managing risks and issues Knowledge of techniques associated with planning and monitoring progress of projects such as product / work breakdown structures, critical path analysis, earned value. Strong negotiation, presentation and facilitating meeting skills. Understanding the needs, objectives and constraints of those in other disciplines and functions Excellent team player and self motivator. Good at prioritising workloads, well organised and structured Comprehensive knowledge of IT and IS standards and products Ability to direct and supervise project resources (internal and external). Strong estimating capabilities and techniques Responsibilities: IT Project Manager To provide Project management for IS Projects, under direction of the Programme Managers Liaise with Business Change Managers, Design Authorities and Project Quality Teams to ensure the right solution is delivered for the company, in the right way. Manage Group IS teams to ensure progress and delivery of products in accordance with agreed timescales, processes, standards and internally governed procedures Negotiate Report to individual Project Boards and Programme Manager Maintain Project Plan, Risk, Issue and Change logs Lead Requirements identification, Plan, Control and Monitor project throughput lifecycle Prepare and deliver accurate Highlight Reports for the Programme Manager and Project Board Monitor Project expenditure and ensure that budgetary allocations are adhered to Keywords: IT, Project Manager, Software, PRINCE, MS Project, Microsoft, Excel, Change, Risk, Waterfall, Agile. IT Project Manager IT Consultancy Salary: **** to **** Location: Leatherhead, Surrey