Title: IT / Technology Recruitment Consultant London
Webindex: 68686872
Company: Logic Rec2Rec Ltd
Description: IT / Technology Recruitment Consultant. London. Unique opportunity to work on existing global PSL’s in the prestigious European Head Quarters of this international business. Working in a high tech environment in plush offices you will operate in a multinational team who operate across niche technical sectors with global businesses. The IT Team is rapidly growing with individual accounts worth Tens of Millions. With huge reinvestment into the business the growth in the UK alone is forecast at over 200%. Clients You will work with a dream list of PSL clients ranging from Global and National businesses through to local relationships that have been in place for decades. It’s just a question of how many you can fill Support You will be given exceptional training and a personal development plan. You will have full use of the internal resources to source for your vacancies and the administration team to format CV’s and enter data onto the system for you. The business also has dedicated Business Development Managers who feed open door business to the consultants. Growth Currently at **** staff in the UK this business has invested hugely in growth. The business plan for the UK is to be over **** staff within 4 years, with last year showing a growth across revenue, profit and headcount of 25%. Progression This business is expanding into new areas, winning more RPO deals, more than tripling in size. Opportunities for progression and diversification will be rampant – this is a perfect opportunity to accelerate your career. Working Environment Based in a prestigious building in the center of London you will use all the latest equipment, IT support, and a vibrant social professional progressive workplace. Commission Consultants, Senior Consultants and Managers are offered an Excellent Basic Salary, a best in class commission scheme of No Threshold, 15% rising to 30% of you billings Health Pension after a qualifying period and more. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITTechnologyRecruitmentConsultantLondon_job****