Title: Learning Technology Development Specialist
Webindex: 69038357
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: ELearning Support Developer required by my multinational Professional Services client based in central London. Role Overview: You will be responsible for providing technical expertise and support to the firm around the use of technology in learning, and when required act as a developer on global transformational LT Projects. You will also help design, develop and implement globally licensed authoring tools, templates and guidance material and use your knowledge to contribute to the production of bestinclass pieces of learning for global use. This role is split between support and development (75% technical support and 25% development). Candidate Requirements: A strong understanding of and a passion for eLearning and Learning Technologies and how they can be used to add value and transform the way we learn A good working knowledge of interactive design Experience in relationship management. Commercially orientated  keeping commercial aspects continually in mind when taking actions or making decisions. Ability to see the bigger picture and the overall impact on other projects within the group. Excellent understanding of authoring tools (Lectora, Articulate) and LMS systems. Good understanding of common web languages (XML,HTML,Javascript) Good understanding of web media technology and tools (video, audio) Fast learner, naturally able to understand and pick up new skills and principles Strong Client handling skills  interpersonal skills and networking. Project management skills, ability to plan, set up a development project and drive things through to completion. Responsibilities: Develop learning solutions that are in scope, on time and in budget. Help project manager to procure and manage the development of media elements such as video, audio and graphics. Ensure all programmes are fully reviewed and tested at each phase before handing over to client for review. Report progress to project manager on a weekly basis, highlighting any risks or issues, any impact of risk and mitigating options Identify new authoring tools and suppliers for future projects. Provide consultancy to territories or functions regarding eLearning Development and Quality Assurance as directed. Be an active part of the Global Learning Technology community, prepare papers, present at meetings and contribute as directed by LT Leadership. Maintain knowledge of global LT technical systems, software, and capabilities Build and maintain productive relationships with LT Managers and developers from around the global firm. Salary  ****  benefits If this is of interest please email me an updated CV to be considered. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/LearningTechnologyDevelopmentSpecialist_job****