Title: Dynamics AX Presales Consultant Job
Webindex: 71277655
Company: JOBG8
Description: Avanade UK is looking to hire an experienced Dynamics AX Presales Consultant for our Microsoft Technology ERP team. This role will be critical in order to help maintain our marketleading position within the Microsoft ERP marketplace and in particular continue to be recognized as thought leaders in business solutions. This is an exciting opportunity for the right individual to join the market leader in the delivery of enterprise scale Microsoft solutions, help our customers drive value through innovation, and be part of our success story. Avanade offers its people superb working conditions such as career development and training programmes, collaborative culture and a focus on customers. About the role You'll work with both business and technical decisionmakers in a presales and sales capacity. If you're looking to contribute both as a technical and business resource for broad and complex issues related to Dynamics AX then this role is for you. The Presales Consultant is responsible for expanding the regional footprint in positioning of Avanade as a trusted advisor with selected customers. The Presales Consultant is expected to develop tailored solutions to some of our largest and most complex customer needs, and to provide technology vision and leadership insights for developing and implementing solutions offering initiatives that support the UK business in a highly dynamic and innovative marketplace. Qualifications We're looking for talented, customer focused individuals with proven commercial experience of operating within consultancybased environments, who are able to lead Dynamics AX presales, participate heavily in the design of new AX solutions and interact with a strong level of consultancyoriented analysis and communication skills. Key Responsibilities  Demonstrate the credibility of Microsoft Dynamics AX products and solutions  Respond to demands from Business Development Directors for expertise in creating detailed technical and product solutions and demos for specified needs.  Work as part of the sales team and AX practice on specific opportunities  Maintain uptodate knowledge and expertise in Microsoft Dynamics AX.  Deliver focused AX sales consulting expertise.  Develop customer specific value propositions highlighting the benefits and differentiators of Avanade's offerings in the ERP market  Understand customer needs, own the discovery, presentations, demos and followup  Create and deliver customer presentations that articulate Avanade's value to the customer  Build and deliver compelling customer demonstrations to contribute to sales success  Work closely with Sales throughout the sales cycle to ensure product selection  Deliver executive level presentations that promote and differentiate the value of Microsoft Dynamics AX and Avanade  Help gather and promote important customer references and success stories  Represent Avanade at marketing events relevant to the industry  Own the functional and technical responses to RFIs and RFPs Maintain indepth and uptodate industry knowledge  Maintain uptodate knowledge of competitive industry/product/solution offerings. Ensure competitive knowledge is used to win the product selection Required Experience  Previous experience in designing and delivering enterprise level Dynamics AX software solutions  Customer facing presales experience for large enterprise deals  Experience of consultative selling  Understanding of the endtoend sales process About us Avanade provides business technology solutions and managed services that connect insight, innovation and expertise in Microsoft technologies to help customers realize results. Our people have helped thousands of organizations in all industries improve business agility, employee productivity, and customer loyalty. Avanade combines the collective business, technical and industry expertise of its worldwide network of experts with the rigor of an industrialized delivery model to provide high quality solutions using proven and emerging technologies with flexible deployment modelson premises, cloudbased or outsourced. Avanade, which is majority owned by Accenture, was founded in **** by Accenture LLP and Microsoft Corporation and has approximately **** professionals in more than 20 countries. Thanks to our unique heritage we're perfectly placed to offer our customers deep technology expertise combined with industryleading delivery capability. Travel is an integral part of this position; candidates must be willing and able to travel within the UK as much as is required by the needs of our customers and our business. Although not frequent, this could also involve international assignments. In return we offer a very comprehensive package including a market leading salary, private healthcare, pension, an extended benefits allowance of **** and performance related bonus. You'll have ample opportunities for career growth and personal development, including technology and management training.