Title: Strategic Project Manager  IT
Webindex: 70254678
Company: Interaction Finance
Description: Job Title: Project Manager (Strategic) Projects: Global Database and Website Development Projects Location: Battersea Package: circa ****  benefits Duration: **** year fulltime contract General Summary: A strategic Project Manager is required to take over responsibility for the ongoing management and successful delivery of a Global Database, Corporate Website and ancillary Projects. The successful candidate for this role will join at a stage where a vendor selection process is just starting following the successful reinitiation of the project using an Agile project management and software development approach. We are looking for an energetic, selfmotivated person to hit the ground running and take up this project portfolio. The right person will be a very strong, confident and persistent communicator, facilitator and strategic project manager with a solid background in business process analysis and bespoke software development in Agile project management and software development environments. Your responsibility in this role is to manage the successful delivery of a new Global Database system. You will also concurrently manage the Corporate Website project, which is part way through the vendor selection process, and all aspects of its integration with the global database. In addition, you will also need to have an overview of, and provide strategic direction and coordination for, the integration elements of relevant ancillary projects with the Corporate Website and Global Database system. You will take responsibility for the successful outcome of each phase of both projects; coordinating all project teams and workstreams; maintaining project management documentation, conducting monitoring and reporting, risk and issue management; identifying and managing the logging, tracking and resolution of all issues. You will work closely alongside established teams on the ground to capture emerging requirements and generate functional specifications appropriate for the software development team to begin development throughout iterative development cycles. You will enable and motivate Business Ambassadors, Advisors and other stakeholders to provide ongoing feedback and to conduct Testing and Acceptance activities at the end of each sprint (3 week iterative development cycle), and may be required to lead and conduct testing and acceptance activities on behalf of one or more of these at times. You will convene and chair a monthly Global Database Working Party meeting, report to the Business Sponsor on a weekly basis; conduct monitoring, reporting and project assessment/evaluation and health check activities as required. Key skills experience required: 5 years experience in IT/Technology project management roles Accredited practitioner of a recognised project management approach or methodology Demonstrate experience of project management for IT Projects in excess of **** Track record of successful Stakeholder engagement and management Successful experience in the bespoke software development project life cycle Successful vendor management experience Track record of managing projects using an established Agile project management approach Track record of capturing enduser requirements and turning these into functioning specification documents for Solution Development teams Strong interpersonal and leadership skills Full job description available on application. In the first instance please apply enclosing your CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StrategicProjectManagerIT_job****