Title: NET Developer ( ASPNET / C )
Webindex: 68346693
Company: Venturi Ltd
Description: .NET Developer ASP.NET / C .NET Developer with strong ASP.NET / C experience is required for my client based in Central London. The .NET Developer with strong ASP.NET / C experience will be required to build and develop specialist systems and complex applications used on an organisation wide basis to enable operational managers to drive business performance and achieve the best possible outcomes for customers. As a .NET Developer ( ASP.NET C) your responsibilities will include (but will not be limited to): Develop software solutions from requirements analysis documentation Produce high level and system specific technical design documents Production of development estimates for the system changes identified in the solution. Code designs using common development tools (ASP.NET, C.NET, TSQL) according to the company standards Investigate, suggest and implement ways to improve the development processes within IT development Track tasks on a daily basis, participate in scrums and daily stand ups, report on progress on a regular basis As a .NET Developer ( ASP.NET C ) you will have: Strong ASP.NET C experience. Experience of working with Web Services JavaScript SQL Ideally you will have MS Dynamics CRM or SharePoint experience although this is not essential. SKILLS: ASP.NET / C / MS DYNAMICS CRM / SQL / SHAREPOINT Our client is offering up to **** plus benefits for the .NET Developer  excellent benefits Were looking for an .NET Developer who has the drive and determination to develop a great career within a highly successful organisation. This is an urgent requirement, to apply please send your CV for immediate consideration using the apply button or call Priya on **** **** **** for a confidential discussion. Venturi is a staffing business dedicated to you, differentiating ourselves in the marketplace by quality of service and candidate delivery. Our highly skilled and experienced staff operate within dedicated markets to give you the best service possible. Venturi markets include Quality Manufacturing, FMCG and IT. Venturi operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role.