Title: Project Manager  Telephony
Webindex: 72032475
Company: EDEN BROWN RECRUITMENT
Description: ICT Project Manager needed for 3 months, to work on a specific telephony project. Manchester City Centre based  ****  **** per day (Limited) The project is to manage the move of the NHS PCT staff from the NHS to our client and requires some ICT resources to complete the activities on time and to enable our client to operate the service from the 1st April. ICT have several capital projects to deliver in financial year 2012/**** Due to the demand on ICT resources additional project management and technical resource is required to deliver this project. The project is complex and has a fixed end date for delivery that is not movable. Critical Project Management is essential for all ICT projects to ensure delivery to time, quality and cost. This project manager is required to define the activity list, manage the testing schedule, agree and assign resources, manage the resources to deliver the activities to time, cost and quality. Project Manager   The role holder will effectively manage and successfully deliver the NHS into our clients project, taking direct responsibility for the successful delivery of all ICT elements, to specified levels of time, budget and quality.  Ensure that change is managed effectively by working with relevant project teams and persons within the business and other key stakeholder.  Define scope of the project and project initiation document, ensuring deadlines are understood and adhered to and that project objectives are clearly articulated and understood.  Define the detailed user acceptance test schedules. Test and trial software/ hardware configurations. Manage all defaults to resolution. Gain stakeholder sign off to an agreed functional acceptance criteria (to be defined by the PM)  Motivate and develop team members, leading by example and identify and agree training and development needs as required.  Provide senior management with fully impacted solution options to complex project issues in order to drive timely decisionmaking.  Manage the successful delivery of projects on time, to budget and of the right quality in line with the City Council's standard project management methodology, taking responsibility for regularly reports to the project board.  Develop and maintain effective relationships with the Senior Responsible Officer and other key stakeholders, ensuring clear and effective channels of communication.  Maintain control of the Project scope through an effective change control process, consulting with key stakeholders as necessary.  Effectively manage and control individual or multiple project budgets and expenditure forecasts, taking accountability for resources allocated and provide regular updates.  Successfully manage project risk through effective analysis, mitigation and contingency planning. Develop and manage the project risk and issues log, monitoring, updating and reporting progress against the log.  Accountable for the management of all project documentation in a manner consistent with the Manchester Method, including management of effective record keeping and version control of project documentation.  Ensure that individual and multiple projects are effectively resourced and that all key stakeholders are identified and roles and responsibilities agreed and communicated effectively To apply for this role please call Louise Hunter at Eden Brown on **** **** or email a CV to l.hunteredenbrown.com Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.