Title: Programme Delivery Manager Project Management
Webindex: 71565977
Company: Louis Hampshire
Description: Programme Delivery Manager – Project Management **** plus Bonus and Benefits Hertfordshire / Northern Home Counties / M25 The client is an on and off line consumer focussed media organisation, operating both in the digital space, and as a marketing and advertising channel for suppliers. They employ several hundreds of staff and have a number of business channels to market. The advance of technology has meant an evolution of the business model to incorporate Social Media, Apps, Video, Telco, forums, and other Web based interactions, in addition to more conventional communications with the market. In addition the business has significant databases and data, which are a major asset to the business, used for channel marketing and advertising purposes. The business is going through a lot of operational development, which has an impact on technology, human resources, and commercial decision making, and this has given rise to a number of projects that require management. Working with Business and Department Heads, and reporting to Board level, the role will drive operational delivery in terms of time, cost quality to the business. Responsibilities include;  Lead the top priority projects for the business, including accountability for timings, costs quality of delivery.  Portfolio management of all projects across the business, including tracking resource deployment and identifying, and resolving bottlenecks  Leadership of the project steering committee  Reporting on the status of all projects to senior management including the operational and commercial risks  Process excellence improvement recommendations to the Business.  Assist the CTO with the delivery of new technologies, including the development of a new web site. You will need to be a good communicator, likely PRINCE2 trained, and experienced at delivering projects, across the spectrum. The client wants someone who can assist with driving the business down the digital route, pulling all the threads of technological routes to market together, and be a commercially astute and active participant in the management and development of the business. We expect effective planning day to day management of complex digital, technology and operational projects, and you will be expected to have strong financial, budget management analytical capabilities This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProgrammeDeliveryManagerProjectManagement_job****