Title: SEO Linking Strategist Copywriter
Webindex: 70769518
Description: My clients are a forward thinking leading digital marketing agency with offices in Cornwall. They are looking for an energetic SEO Linking Strategist Copywriter to join their dynamic team of Digital marketing professionals. If you love the Internet and understand search engines and social networking then this is the job for you. You will be working with the existing Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) team with the delivery of client projects, article and blog writing, distribution of press releases, report writing, internet research and link building. We are looking for candidates with an interest in and a good understanding of article writing, blogging and internet research. You must have good documentation skills and possess the ability to converse well with other team members, in a clear understandable way. An analytical mind and problem solving skills are essential. You will have a good understanding of search engines and the workings of Google, Yahoo and MSN with a keen interest in social networking. You will possess excellent internet search skills and be a proficient user of Microsoft Word and Excel. You will be a creative thinker with excellent article writing and content generation skills. You will have a solid knowledge of English grammar and possess excellent attention to detail. You will have the ability to type quickly and accurately and have an understanding of press releases, and their distribution online. Key duties include: Produce quality articles for publication online Produce quality website content for clients Deliver the company SEO PR service Produce high quality client work plans and linking reports Provide client consultation where required Obtain understanding of clients brief and document Attend and contribute to team or project meetings where necessary Telephone and email contact with clients Ensure any changes to the client campaigns are recorded Ensure work is delivered on time and is well executed Reporting on progress on a weekly basis to the SEO Manager and Digital Account Director and proactively address improvement areas Additional benefits: Aside from working with a great team of people we also provide a range of benefits including: 25 days holiday, a healthcare scheme, pension scheme, death in service insurance, performance related bonus scheme, eye tests, fresh fruit in the office, regular massage sessions and great staff parties If this sounds like the role for you, please apply now 