Title: Mobile Application Developer  Canary Wharf
Webindex: 68360359
Company: Aston Carter
Description: My client are a prestigious bank based in the heart of London's financial home, Canary Wharf. The opportunity at hand is for a talented, hardworking and ambitious iOS/Android developer passionate about Greenfield projects and mobile application design who would embrace the oppertunity of working on a highly transactional real time system. The position seeks someone who can demonstrate intuition and an ability to create business critical mobile applications. The ideal candidate will possess a strong mixture of the following technical skills: HTML, SPRING, MVC, iOS, ANDROID. The role itself will entail an exciting mixture of architecture, design, product engineering in an environment where investigating new tools, technologies and techniques is encouraged. Not only is this a rare opportunity with the possibility to develop financial experience, it is a role that will be both challenging and an exciting step forward in the career of any mobile application developer. If interested, please send your CV to Rizwan or call on **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/MobileApplicationDeveloperCanaryWharf_job****