Title: Business Analyst  SDLC
Webindex: 71433188
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: Business Analyst within the Software Delivery Lifecycle A leading software consultancy who operate within the Investment Banking and Financial Services industries are looking for a strong Business Analyst who has experience of working within the Software Delivery Life Cycle (SDLC). You will be responsible for Business Analysis based consultancy services, e.g. advice on requirements elicitation and management, change management, UAT/OAT test practices. The role will be based on client site's in London and pays around ****  **** plus benefits including 10% bonus. This is a fantastic opportunity to get experience of the Financial Sector but you will need to demonstrate a genuine passion for Business Analysis. If you had existing experience of commodities that would be a real benefit. You will need to have will have successfully operated as a handson business analyst, ideally in an lead role, on a software delivery projects within a variety of market segments. Preferably having worked on at least one large scale/enterprise project, you will have a sound understanding of the project delivery lifecycle, ideally using a number of methodologies (e.g. SCRUM, XP, DSDM, RUP etc) and will be able to speak confidently about the detail of business analysis activities across the full lifecycle whilst demonstrating their role in producing associated artefact's. You should possess a solid background in business analysis for blue chip clients. A key attribute of successful candidates will be the ability to draw upon extensive practical experience of applying requirements management techniques from a range of delivery methodologies to deliver pragmatic solutions to clients. Successful candidates will be proactive, problem solvers with strong stakeholder management skills who can communicate equally effectively all levels within an organisation. Objectives of the role: To perform business and system analysis across the entire project lifecycle in order to develop internal and third party systems meeting business needs. Build and maintain strong project stakeholder relationships To liaise with business users in order to identify, record and prioritise requirements Use analysis techniques to clearly specify and capture the system functional and non functional requirements Create and maintain analysis documents as required To assure the quality and usability of business analysis artefact's produced Occasionally to provide user training on new functionality and to handle user queries regarding internal and third party systems Document acceptance criteria and provide support the UAT process as required Process improvement and development. Proactive identification and resolution of risks and issues with appropriate escalation to PM Implement and execute change management processes where appropriate. Required experience: Good Business Analysis and requirements management skills  as described above. 7 years IT delivery experience ideally within the service industry. 5 Years Business Analyst experience ideally some gained in the finance/trading industry 'city'Experience to iterative/agile development methodologies (SCRUM, XP, DSDM, RUP etc.) Requirements Analysis using Design Patterns, Use Cases and UML Stakeholder management across all level of the business Business Process Analysis / Reengineering including GAP analysis (Asis/ Tobe) Producing detailed functional specifications for development and test staff Logical/ Physical Data Analysis of complex systems Integration of multiple applications to support business workflow requirements Definition, support and execution of user acceptance testing Good understanding of project team dynamics in particular when to demonstrate leadership and when to consult This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessAnalystSDLC_job****