Title: Subcontract Procurement Specialist
Webindex: 72689733
Company: Datasource Computer Employment Ltd
Description: Subcontract Procurement Specialist We currently have a requirement for a Subcontract Procurement Specialist to work on an exciting new permanent role with our leading blue chip client. The role is based in the Hampshire and the client pays generous salaries of up to **** per annum with flexible benefits shown below the spec. The successful candidate will be required to hold or undergo SC Security Clearance  you must be eligible and willing to undergo the clearance prior to applying. Skills and Experience Required Skills  An experienced Procurement/Subcontract specialist (predominantly for Services and Labour) responsible to and working under the broad direction of the Commercial Manager.  Prepare, review and administer Requests for Proposals/Quotations and prepare supporting information to maintain compliance.  Introduce, monitor, and ensure a higher level of compliance within the company.  Analyse Supplier Proposals, requesting further information and undertaking negotiation to ensure compliance with RFPs and Capture Team submissions.  Work with the Finance team to ensure that Supplier pricing and payment requirements are captured and recorded accurately in preparation for the internal governance process.  Draft and negotiate Purchase Orders and bespoke subcontracts. Work with Legal Department to ensure terms and conditions are acceptable. Negotiate and coordinate additions, deletions, and modifications to Purchase Orders and bespoke Subcontracts.  Maintain and update procurement database and share drive with all Purchase Order information.  May direct the planning and participation in training of subcontract practices and negotiations to company personnel.  Communicate and obtain information from Suppliers and Project Managers using interpersonal skills, to influence and persuade others.  Maintain the official records of negotiation and accurate files of all correspondence. Will assist in any audits, reviews and special projects as required. Desired Skills  Diverse background in procurement and subcontracts.  Degree or Procurement certification or 5 years working in a busy commercial office.  The qualified candidate will possess good business acumen and oral and written communication skills.  They will also be experienced in interpreting request for proposals, ITT s, and RFQ s, developing contract positions and articulating the positions with supporting documentation to management.  Previous experience of working in capture teams and a busy business environment with the ability to prioritise and calmly work under pressure.  Able to demonstrates computer competency and able to work within various contracts and financial systems to update, maintain or extract contract data. PC Literate: MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Email Protocol.  Ability to develop strong positive relationships with internal and external customers.  Good sense of humour and ability to work in a team.  Punctual and reliable.  The candidate demonstrates experience in Purchase Order/subcontract drafting, request for quotation preparation, negotiation, claims, modifications, protests, amendments, and extensions. Typical Minimum Education Experience  Ideally require a Bachelors degree from an accredited college. Will also consider individuals with equivalent experience / combined education.  Considered career or journey level. Benefits include Working permanently for this company entitles you to a number of good benefits  Good pension scheme  Private medical health insurance  25 days holiday (with the option to buy more)  Sickness and accident plan and life assurance RECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we d like to recognise your recommendations with a thank you of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you **** Please forward your CV to apply by email admindatasourcerecruitment.co.ukto discuss this role further. We would be delighted to hear from you (c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2011.