Title: Project Manager  Antenna Systems Group
Webindex: 68999434
Description: Project Manager Antenna Systems Group Bring your track record of structural maintenance within mast infrastructure, whilst working at heights, to this major global player in Communications Arqiva is a communications infrastructure and media services company spearheading the provision of network solutions and services in the communications world. We provide much of the infrastructure behind television, radio, satellite and wireless communications, both in the UK and globally. Customers include worldrenowned major broadcasters and telco providers, in addition to the UK s five mobile network operators. As Project Manager Antenna Systems Group, reporting to the Team Leader  Rigging, your key responsibility will be to manage planned maintenance and project works for the rigging team. As the single point of contact between the rigging group and Mast Maintenance, you ll manage the lifecycle of projects and maintenance programs from conception to completion. This will involve: liaison with all stakeholders, constantly updating them on project status ensuring resources are available to fulfill projects, including those available from key suppliers establishing that any new service has all technical management factors in place, with specific focus on maintenance and emergency response capability. You ll also help drive the working processes and procedures for the group, in addition to acting as technical point of contact for both internal and external colleagues. Ideally you will have a proven track record of managing engineering projects as well as maintenance activities on a range masts and towers. You will need to demonstrate an ability to manage and control works programmes whilst appreciating the requirements for safely working at height. Your practical knowledge of rigging techniques, especially lifting and lowering, will match your firm grasp of technical drawings and specifications. Other skills will include: Experience of estimating An appreciation of specialist mechanical and hydraulic plant and equipment Appropriate climbing qualifications including mast rescue techniques or the willingness to be trained fully in these disciplines Good communication and man management skills. You must have a valid UK driver s licence and will need annually to pass a medical to substantiate fitness to climb. If this Project Manager role describes you and you can see yourself playing a key role in our organisation in support of our developing technologies, then to apply please click on the apply button below. 