Title: Senior IT Services Consultant– IT Services Manager– Service Management
Webindex: 68360905
Company: Square One Resources
Description: Senior IT Services Consultant job, Senior IT Consultant job, Senior IT Manager job, Senior IT Services Manager job, IT Service Management, Managed Services, Managed service Solutions, Managed services sales, Team Lead, IT, Team Management, Sales, Presales, Portfolio management, Service design, Windows, Windows Server, Microsoft, ITIL, TOGAF, Prince, Prince **** Hampshire, UK Senior IT Services Consultant job / Senior IT Services Manager job required for a leading organisation based in Hampshire. IT Consultant candidates will be responsible for leading and managing bids and presales in the winning of business in IT managed service solutions, as well as taking a role in the managementand design of IT solutions. This job is an opportunity for an experienced IT Services consultant with knowledge of IT Service Management and Managed Service sales to work for a global company. The organisation has had a very successful period over the past few years, and this has led to a new phase of growth to develop their services to a client base that stretches across the UK and the rest of the world. Candidates will work alongside an IT Sales Director and an IT Sales team to maintain relationships with existing clients and also work to win new clients. Candidates can have experience in any of the following areas; IT Service Management, Managed Services, Managed service Solutions, Managed services sales, Team Lead, IT, Team Management, Sales, Presales, Portfolio management, Service design, Windows, Windows Server, Microsoft, ITIL, TOGAF, Prince, Prince **** etc. Responsibilities; Build and maintain an IT Managed Services pipeline, working closely with IT sales teams Lead and contribute IT Managed Services expertise to entirety of projects Build and maintain relationships with customers and senior business professionals Establish strategy, and drive through solutions to provide a quicker and effective service Develop and build your own commercial and technical knowledge Contribute to tenders and bids For more information, please call Requirements; Experience of IT Service Management Experience of Managed Service design in IT Experience of Managed Service Sales Good understanding of IT and IT Infrastructure (Windows, Windows Servers, Microsoft etc.) Knowledge and experience of management methodologies such as ITIL, TOGAF, Prince **** etc. Once again, this role will involve working on some challenging and highvalue projects. The company is offering opportunities to work and develop your skills within a hugely successful team and as part of leading organisation. In order to attract the best candidates, a generous base salary of ****  **** is being offered, with the addition of a large bonus scheme, a car allowance, a pension and a benefits scheme. This increases the total package to **** If you feel you have the necessary skills and experience for this job, please apply now. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorITServicesConsultantITServicesManagerServiceManagement_job****