Title: Account Manager  (NHS Data warehousing, Business intelligence)
Webindex: 72447036
Company: i Collaborate Recruitment
Description: With over 20 years’ experience of providing the NHS with market leading software solutions and services this company is well positioned to continue to grow in the new world of the NHS. The organisation is winning considerable business for its contract management, data warehousing and business intelligence products and is looking for a highly motivated Account Manager to help maximise the opportunities from the existing and future customer base. Key responsibilities include: Managing customer relationships once the initial software implementation has been completed Organising regular (every **** – 6 months) face to face meetings with key customer contacts, usually at their premises Providing customer with an update on products and future roadmap Up selling of new products or major product enhancements to existing customers Representing the company at appropriate exhibitions, conferences etc Participating in other presales support as required Coordinating and / or writing proposals for major product enhancements, either off the shelf or bespoke Negotiation of commercial terms once initial contract has expired Ensuring customer is invoiced for work as appropriate and timely payment is received Initial point of escalation for issues / complaints Managing the sales representation at customert user groups. The candidate must have experience in data warehousing, contract management / commissioning or business intelligence / corporate reporting in an NHS context. The ideal candidate may have previous experience in an account management role but relevant NHS and software experience is also considered important. The role may suit someone who is looking for a change in career direction. Full support will be given to the right candidate. The candidate may occasionally, if other resource is not available, be asked to participate in the process of winning new business. Essential skills: Able to form positive longterm relationships with customers and colleagues Is able to “level” with people at varying degrees of seniority Team orientated Excellent at developing and delivering presentations Able to understand and explain technology (including to a nontechnical audience) Wellorganised Excellent written communication Driven to succeed but operates with integrity and honesty Good at listening and understanding customer requirements and relating these into the company capabilities and opportunities. Commercial acumen – including the ability to understand the commercial imperatives that govern the company operations. Able to think / react on the fly Up to date on “jungle” developments (competitor actions, new government policies etc.) Selfmotivated, able to work alone when required. Happy to do occasional admintype tasks (e.g. raise invoices) Nice to have skills: Projectmanagement Use of Salesforce CRM solution Use of Sage accounts software This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerNHSDatawarehousingBusinessintelligence_job****