Title: Information Systems IT Project manager
Webindex: 72128672
Company: Bluestone Resorts Ltd
Description: Bluestone is a luxury National Park Resort nestled in the heart of Pembrokeshire. Specialising in short break holidays, it is a quirky, freerange brand that appeals to everyone who appreciates highstandard accommodation and the active lifestyle. Bluestone is currently recruiting an Information Systems Project Manager who has experience delivering full lifecycle IT and development projects using recognised project methodologies. The successful candidate will be a highly motivated individual with great interpersonal skills, an ability to get the best from third parties, deliver projects on time, on budget and within defined quality standards. This role requires a handson person who has experience and knowledge of systems and technologies in the web arena including good knowledge of delivering best of breed ecommerce websites with tight integration with backend systems. This role requires a selfstarter who can work well under pressure and motivate a project team to get the best results. A major part of the role will be the delivery of a new website in ****013 produced by an outside agency requiring coordination of the external agency, internal staff and third party suppliers. Essential: Minimum 2 years as lead project manager on IT based projects Completed a full development project including specification, delivery and testing Currently permitted to work in the UK and able to start quickly Good understanding and ability to work within leading project management methodologies Highly literate with great English communication skills and produces high quality documentation A self starter who is a logical problem solver and can think 'outside the box' Strong commercial awareness with particularly good negotiation and influencing skills Good understanding of web technologies and web projects Preferred: A qualified PRINCE2 Practitioner A detailed understanding of Web UX best practices, web technologies including web services, databases and CMS Available with short notice The role will be based at the Bluestone National Park Resort just outside Narberth in Pembrokeshire. Due to the location a car driver is essential. As we wish to fulfil this role immediately subsidised food and accommodation can be provided for a limited period. A full job description is available on request. Salary **** P/A with a great range of staff benefits and incentives. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InformationSystemsITProjectmanager_job****