Title: Infrastructure Engineer / Solutions Designer
Webindex: 71199185
Company: Experis IT
Description: The IT Division require an experienced Solution Designer to provide technical leadership and accountability for the overall success of business solutions. The role requires an indepth understanding of the requirements, along with complete clarity around the available technologies and solutions gleaned from the overall IT Strategy. The role forms part of the Technology Services team, reporting into the Release Manager. The Technology Services team is central to the effective release, implementation and support of all production applications and systems within the organisation. The key responsibilities would be:  Oversee the quality and integration of the solution architecture, design integrity and communications, as well as the interface between applications, components and supporting databases.  Liaise between developments, vendors and the technical teams on questions, issues and revisions to the solution.  Advise Management and developments on the solution architecture options, their impacts and decisions.  Oversee integration of new solutions with legacy systems to satisfy business and development requirements.  Work closely with Release Management and developments to assist the planning, review and implementation of solutions to minimise disruption.  Work closely with Management and strategy to ensure solutions are aligned with overall strategy and standards.  Ensure that the solution design supports sustainable change in accordance with IT Service Delivery requirements.  In addition, there are specific responsibilities in relation to design, development, deployment and testing:  Provides overall design principles and guidance for solution integration, performance and manageability design and security.  Reports into Release Management.  Develops, communicates, maintains, and enforces the overall solution design of the project and knows what the system components are and how they fit together. Knowledge and Skills:  Extensive knowledge of Infrastructure components e.g. Cloud Computing, Networking and Server technologies.  Good practical knowledge of transitioning into Production and support.  Experience of System design, scoping and delivery activities.  Knowledge and experience of IT Service Management processes and methods, e.g.  ITIL (Foundation level acceptable).  Strong interpersonal and communication skills (both verbal and written).  A good understanding of the stakeholder political pressures on the business and projects.  Is a natural Solution designer.  Is able to consult and advise developments as well as doing.  Good business sense, with business and/or functional knowledge.  Be capable of visualising a problem context/situation, develop a number of resolution options and think them through from concept to implementation.  Be experienced in the development and integration of both bespoke and COTS products.  Ideally have experience in one or more of the following: SQL Server, Networking, Oracle Application Services, Web Services, Cloud Computing, Virtualisation technologies.  Ability to communicate complex technical information clearly and articulately at all levels from Senior Executive to Developer.