Title: Data Centre Infrastructure Delivery Manager
Webindex: 68346571
Company: Jenrick IT Limited
Description: A prestigious client, one of the world s leading players in their field, are looking to set up a pair of data centres in the UK to support their European businesses, replacing existing data centres. The European Data Centre Programme will set up these new facilities and get them ready for business. The IT Data Centre Infrastructure European Delivery Manager will be instrumental in overseeing and completing the daily operations of the European Data Centre programme. The overall purpose of the role is to oversee and complete the daily operations of the European Data Centre managing the implementation of hardware and capacity planning and facilitating system design(s) for the client s Data Centres. Candidates will need the following skillset:  Solid experience in Information Technology.  Strong experience in Network, UNIX/Linux, Windows, SAN Backup environments.  Sound working knowledge of the global ERP architectures, implementations  Solid understanding of High Availability/Disaster Recovery platforms, technology and methodoloy  Ability to handle multiple tasks and manage priorities. Ideally candidates will have at least some of the following:  Qualified to ITIL foundation stage or demonstrates good understanding of Service Management / Support.  Holds foundation stage qualification in Prince or PMI or demonstrates a good understanding of project methodology supported by a track record of infrastructure project delivery.  At a minimum holder of Certified Data Centre Technician (CDCT certification, Data Centre Management Professional (CDCMP) qualification desirable  Ability to work in a fastpaced multitasking environment.  Flexibility to work late at times (i.e.: overtime if involved in a critical issue, upgrade, etc.)  Ability to solve problems independently when handling urgent issues.  Understanding of Databases (Oracle, MSSQL) desirable The role will be based at in the Warwickshire area which is the location of the secondary data centre but there will also be travel required to the other data centre location as and when required and additional client offices as needs dictate. For more information, please contact Jane Stevens or Matt Hancock, Jenrick IT: **** **** or email: jane.stevensjenrick.co.uk