Title: Technical Architect (Sharepoint)
Webindex: 69018424
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Capita IT Services is a trusted IT services provider for more than **** customers across all public and private sectors, one of the largest in the UK. We work in partnership with our customers to bring people, processes and technology together in a way that transforms your business. We currently have an exciting permanent opportunity for a Technical Architect with a specific knowledge of SharePoint/.Net to join the team based at our Reading Delivery centre. This is an amazing opportunity for someone to work with the likes of the BBC, Pensions regulator and local authorities. Although the role is predominantly based at Reading this will require the chose candidate to spend time at various customer sites. As a result of this a customer facing and commercially orientated person is key. The Technical Architect is responsible for architecture, highlevel design and overall technical ownership of an application or suite of applications and to be a source of knowledge and governance for other members in the development team in relation to technology, standards and best practice. Core Competencies and Skills:  Software Industry experience including all parts of the development lifecycle.  Strong and demonstrable experience in developing enterprise level distributed applications (including a detailed understanding of the entire .net technology stack with particular emphasis on SharePoint)  Good working knowledge of a range of .net frameworks  Understand and be familiar with of a broad range of Microsoft application servers with particular emphasis on SharePoint.  An understanding of SOA and web service design principles and other design patterns  Knowledge of bestpractice development QA techniques, such as TestDriven Development and Continuous Integration Desired Experience/Skills:  Experience with ITIL and Support Services.  An understanding of UK Government Technical Standards (such as eGIF and HMG InfoSec) Personal Attributes:  Customer facing and commercially orientated  Recognise inefficiency and have the drive to recommend / implement improvements  Excellent organisation and ability to prioritise time  Passion for technology The role is offering maximum of **** per annum and includes pension, healthcare and a host of other benefits which can be outlined if interested. If you would like to be considered then please apply asap or send me your CV Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us