Title: NAV Support Analyst ****k Yorkshire, Manufacturing Specialist
Webindex: 69541475
Company: Nigel Frank International
Description: MS Dynamics NAV Support Analyst, ****k, N. Yorkshire, Manufacturing Specialist Dynamics NAV Support Analyst, ****k depending upon experience  excellent Benefits package. Based in North Yorkshire at a market leading manufacturing company. My Dynamics Navision client, are looking to develop their team by adding a MS Dynamics Nav Support Analyst who has experience ideally in the manufacturing sector. This role is available due to consistent growth and an outstanding reputation within their field. My client is a market leader within its field and specialises in bespoke manufacturing within a niche market. They have a very strong financial footing and are currently investing in research and development in all business areas with a special focus upon ERP and IT. This role is 100% office based, allowing you to work in a technology focused environment as well as achieve a good work life balance. The successful candidate will have previous experience of implementations, upgrades to the MS Dynamics Navision software preferably with the latest versions as well as post go live support. The Candidate MUST have: At least 12 months experience supporting Microsoft Dynamics NAV software. Experience of working within a manufacturing environment and understand the business processes. Practical knowledge of SQL Servers is required including reporting functions and testing would be a distinct advantage. Business analysis skills and an ability to engage other business areas in ERP stractagy. This is an ideal opportunity for someone who is looking to use their support consultancy knowledge to progress on the back of my clients success. Your day to day routine will allow you to work with the latest technologies and be up to speed with one of the world s fastest moving markets. Due to the position in the market of my client, you will be able to develop your career and maximise your personal development. This is an excellent opportunity to take your career to a new level. DON T get left behind APPLY NOW To apply: To discuss this exciting MS Dynamics NAV/Navision opportunity in more detail  many other new and exciting roles, please send your CV or call Andrew Poxton on (Apply online only) in complete confidence ASAP. Nigel Frank International is the leading Microsoft Dynamics recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Microsoft Dynamic NAV/Navision jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners & End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements & jobs for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the Microsoft Dynamics market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best Dynamics NAV opportunities & Navision jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Dynamics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Dynamics market and some of the Dynamics opportunities & Navision jobs that are available I can be contacted on (Apply online only) or by email Key words: Microsoft Dynamics Navision/MS Dynamics NAV/Dynamic Navision/Dynamics NAV/Navision/Developer/Development/Developing/programmer/programming/consultant/consulting/technical consultant / Yorkshire / North Yorkshire / Nottinghamshire / Derbyshire / Country Durham