Title: Technical Business Analyst  BI, Financial Services
Webindex: 71759662
Company: Asset Resourcing Ltd
Description: Technical Business Analyst required for a global consultancy firm working with world leading FTSE 100 companies within a variety of sectors. Working with teams of experts on varied and challenging projects, the company offers a dynamic and exciting career opportunity. The company prides itself on internal growth and training and is unrivalled by other consultancies. Job Description: Technical Business Analyst with Financial Services experience, to join their expanding Business Analysis practice. Candidates at all levels are required. Role is available in London, or Edinburgh. Title: Technical Business Analyst Candidate Profile: The Technical Business Analyst will be responsible for technical business analysis of BI / applications development projects and is expected to come from a hybrid background with experience of managing large data sets utilising Microsoft BI, SAS, Teradata, Business Objects, Oracle BI, Informatica etc. The successful candidate will have a strong financial services background and solid analytical experience. Must have strong stakeholder management skills and experience of working within large complex financial projects. Core Technical skills: (Essential) A minimum 2 years' experience of business analysis within banking / insurance involving Business Intelligence or applications development Good knowledge of Banking and financial products Experience of requirements gathering and analysis, and high level solution design Ability to present complex analytical concepts to all levels of the business Ability to determine, develop and document data requirements, modelling assumptions and model results Experience working with large volumes of data Skilled in data manipulation analysis using SQL, Excel, and / or Access (Desired) Experienced in SAS, MSBI or Business Objects Business Intelligence applications (Data Warehouse, Data Marts, Reporting, Data Mining) Experience of structured methodologies and tools (UML, DSDN, etc.) Understanding of risk concepts (credit/operational/market) Basel II, Solvency II ISEB certified General Responsibilities Requirements: Excellent verbal and written communication skills  ability to communicate both at a detailed level and at a high summary level A good team player and also able to work independently Abilities to build cross functional and external relationships Effective negotiating and influencing skills Willing to work on Client sites, potentially for extended periods Willing to travel for work purposes and be happy to stay away from home for extended periods Willing and able to travel internationally This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalBusinessAnalystBIFinancialServices_job****