Title: QA Engineer Mobile telecoms
Webindex: 69195631
Company: Monarch Recruitment
Description: QA Engineer ? Automated/Manual Testing QA Engineer required in the Newbury area. My client is currently delivering world leading sophisticated evaluation, optimization and planning technology for mobile operators such as O**** Vodafone and Nokia. This is a great opportunity for both graduates and experienced mobile telecoms candidates as salary is based on background in the industry. Key Responsibilities ? Working with the QA team leader and other members of the product development team to deliver high quality software solutions ? The design and implementation of both automated and manual tests (regression tests, functional tests, acceptance tests and performance tests) ? Maintain records of all test cases and reports on tests run against each development release. ? Participate in a multidisciplined Agile product team in the delivery of features to core product. ? Develop and maintain automated tests in the chosen tool. ? Recognise issues in the product under test, use the in house bug tracking system to report issues, analyse existing issues to determine appropriate regression testing and carry out the identified regression testing. Skills/Experience ? A proven track record in all aspects of QA activities within a product development team developing complex commercial software. ? Experience of working in an Agile environment, preferably with experience of the SCRUM methodology. ? Experience of automated tests systems having both run and developed automated tests. ? Experience of working in a Windows environment with both desktop and enterprise systems. ? Ideally ISEB qualified (foundation level certification or ISTQB equivalent). ? Experience of using Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) for managing product backlogs and defect records. ? Knowledge of Mobile telecoms, including knowledge of UMTS and GSM systems desirable. The successful candidate will be a technically minded, highly ambitious individual with high attention to detail.