Title: UX Designer (UI/User Experience)
Webindex: 68715981
Company: Understanding Recruitment
Description: UX Designer (Web UI and User Experience) We are seeking a UX Designer with a passion for creating intuitive, exciting and accessible user interfaces. The successful candidate will be responsible for constructing and delivering superb user experiences on a variety of innovative web, mobile and enterprise solutions, working alongside a motivated team of Microsoft and Google Partners based in Letchworth, Hertfordshire. This is a fantastic opportunity for a UX Designer to provide expertise throughout the entire user interface design and development lifecycle. The successful candidate will create interactive wireframes, conduct useranalysis of these as well as advise on design in order to delivering fantastic web and technology solutions We would like to hear from both those who can hit the ground running, as well as individuals who have the passion to learn and grow with the rest of our team. Desired attributes of the UX Designer: A passion for great user experience and user interface design but with an understanding of the business and commercial reasons behind this Ability to create interactive wireframes, conduct user testing and advise on access usability Experience using Axure or other wireframing tools Strong communication skills with the ability to provide user experience expertise to clients and colleagues You will join a closeknit team of innovative professionals who are striving to create a family of individuals who share their passion. Although a small team, this organisation's client list includes Microsoft, One World Trade Centre and the Financial Times. The team have a clear ethos, or 'DNA', and if you understand why the following are important we'd love to hear from you Pioneering  We assemble an enviable array of talent and then challenge ourselves to explore what we can do. Huddle  Sitting on the outside is not an option Mentor  We challenge and motivate clients to reach their goals and will risk being unpopular on the journey. Bullet Train  We enable clients to reach their goals quickly and easily. Lego  We combine ideas and technologies to make something really cool Mine  We take pride in our work, passing the buck is not an option. UX Designer (Web UI and User Experience) Salary: ****k  bonus, benefits Location: Letchworth, Hertfordshire. Commutable locations include Stevenage, Luton, Hitchin, Welwyn, Bedford and Bedfordshire Apply now for further information on this excellent opportunity. Understanding Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UXDesignerUIUserExperience_job****