Title: Groovy/Grail developer
Webindex: 71774479
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Groovy, Grails developer, Central London My client is a hugely successful Online gambling company, that is situated in Central London. They are looking for a creative, enthusiastic individual that enjoys working as part of a dynamic team. This role will give you the chance that you have been waiting for with limitless opportunities to progress into higher management positions. Your main responsibility will be to oversee the development of Front End applications and collaborate with other team members. Skills required for this role: Groovy/Grails HTML **** JavaScript This company offers a wide range of benefits that include a highly competitive base salary, with excellent additional bonuses (primarily based on personal performance) that are given at intervals throughout the year. Other additional benefits include a company share scheme and also private medical insurance. You do not want to miss this exciting opportunity, so take the chance and join It will be the best decision you had ever made Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice. By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.