Title: Solution Architect [Design]  ICT
Webindex: 71288366
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Solution Architect [Design]  ICT Reference no: Lancashire **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: PR**** **** What s involved with this role: Architects work on overall business and ICT architecture within a specific business domain. They are accountable and / or responsible for the high level specifications of the solutions we build and the overall effectiveness and efficiency of those solutions. They should provide the architecture and high level solution context within which changes to our facilities, processes, platforms and capabilities are designed by our designers and analysts. This vacancy lies within the applications domain. Our client is undertaking a comprehensive review of core systems to streamline the applications estate, which means you will be joining us at a busy time. The postholder will also act as lead for mobility and agility. This covers an array of requirements from fieldforce automation, through mobile devices, bringyourowndevice and remote access solutions. Several handheld device projects are already planned and the appointee will need to hit the ground running with these, as well as picking up any new requests that come onboard. Solution Architects have crosscutting responsibility and will be expected to work on projects outside of their core domain as the need arises. The ideal candidate will be capable of working across all stages of the architecture lifecycle. Good time management and communication skills are essential. The role involves liaising with customers to elicit requirements, working with technical colleagues from both the operational and design teams and supporting project managers through design, identifying risks and overseeing solution implementation. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also highlight that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Significant endtoend design experience (spanning people, process and technology) and responsibilities Experience across a broad range of relevant technologies with substantial experience of the specific technology area associated with the role being applied for Accurately documents solutions and makes complex ideas or proposals easy for others to understand and act on Takes responsibility for managing and leading project teams (including suppliers and customers) in design activities following approved processes Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Takes responsibility for managing and leading project teams (including suppliers and customers) in design activities following approved processes Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : ICT Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 2 months. Hours per week: 37.50 Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited