Title: Retail / ecommerce Business Analyst  Leicester, Leicestershire
Webindex: 69545066
Company: MAPP Ltd   IT & Business Management Recruitment Specialists
Description: Retail / ecommerce Business Analyst  Leicester, Leicestershire Working for this leading FTSE100 company based out of their offices in Leicester our client is seeking a Retail / ecommerce Busi ness Analyst to work with the business stakeholders to assess current and future processes, with a view to capturing detailed requirements, identifying solution options and providing pragmatic, balanced recommendations. The Business Analyst role is key in assuring the solution design and evaluating how this fulfils the requirements, understanding the business impact of changes, and working with the business and test team in supporting the solution sign off through effective testing and business process change delivery. Responsibilities: Work closely with all areas of the business, using an understanding of the business processes and functional models to facilitate in scoping and documenting requirements. Build strong relationships with the business stakeholders and become the functional expert for the team. Work with cross functional systems teams to ensure that Instore Systems requirements are documented and the impact of other team’s requirements are understood. Research, analyse and evaluate alternative business solutions and recommend the most applicable and cost effective solution. Undertake data analysis and data modelling activities to support the systems enhancement processes. Produce relevant project documentation (e.g. requirements documentation, configuration documents, business process flows etc). Work with the Team Leader and Developers to translate business operational and functional requirements into effective solutions. Create user interface designs which are effective and adhere to recognised best practice (where in place) and team standards. Work with Third Parties where relevant to provide a functional solution and ensure that the design of each solution is validated against the requirements and business processes. Work with the Team Leader and Testers to create detailed scenarios and test scripts to ensure effective quality control of each solution, to predefined acceptance criteria. Ensure that the implementation and transition of each solution is appropriately managed and supported and handed over to the business with all supporting documentation. Assist in the training of users of new software, both internal to systems and across the business as required. Actively maintain a working knowledge of their business activity, strategic direction and business performance. Communicate and represent the team effectively at all levels; including (but not exclusive to) external companies, business users and other systems departments. Essential Has detailed knowledge and understanding of the function and processes of relevant existing systems, development tools, environments and database structures including their constraints Excellent research and analysis skills with strong problem solving skills and the ability to analyse existing systems for enhancements and support resolutions. Have a proven ability to analyse complex systems and processes accurately and create functional specifications based on that analysis. Excellent written and oral communication skills at all levels of the business.Strong communicator with an ability to constructively challenge, facilitate and probe to fully understand the business need, as well as excellent listening skills. Excellent interpersonal skills in order to build up and maintain effective relationships. Ability to produce an advanced level of documentation such as Data Flow Diagrams, Process Flow Diagrams etc. Ability to effectively plan and prioritise workload as well as work to strict deadlines and remain positive and calm under pressure. Ability to work in a challenging and demanding environment with changing priorities. Commercially aware with capability to understand business issues and key events. Ability to think strategically and develop creative and innovative solutions to problems, as well as being comfortable with detail. Conveys a sense of urgency and drives issues to closure at pace and persists despite obstacles and opposition. Retail / ecommerce Business Analyst  Leicester, Leicestershire This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/RetailecommerceBusinessAnalystLeicesterLeicestershire_job****