Title: Change and Release Analyst
Webindex: 70770463
Company: CPS
Description: Key elements of this role include  Providing support and justification of Change and Release Management principles, processes and procedures, including provision of training to users where necessary.  Regular performance monitoring of the Change Management System, ensuring adherence to contractual SLA/KPI /OLAs and Customer Satisfaction Survey levels are achieved or exceeded  Regular review of Change and Release Management processes and procedures to ensure most efficient execution  Updating and maintaining the Change Management System, ensuring that data quality and accuracy is of the highest standard.  Ensuring timely provision of Management Information for all key Change and Release management meetings where necessary.  Ownership of failed and unauthorised changes; implementation of any corrective actions and ensuring proactive preventative measures are in place.  Maintaining an accurate Forward Schedule of Change and Release schedules.  Identify all related CI s that form part of a Release, ensuring the relevant information is given to the Configuration management team.  Raising and formal tracking of Change Mgt issues including timely updates with key stakeholders on progress.  Participating or chairing physical (in place of the Implementations team leader) and/or Virtual CAB/ECABs. This will also including any preTech CAB s Essential Experience/Skills  ITIL V**** accredited  Significant experience in change and release management  Significant demonstrable experience of administering and delivering Change and Release Management control OR significant experience in other Service Management Functions with considerable exposure to Change and Release Management. Desired Experience/Skills  Understanding of software testing  Understanding of Software Development  Previous experience in Financial / Registrar Services  Proven experience of managing outsourced IT processes Personal Attributes  Good customer facing communication and negotiation skills.  Proficient in the use of MS Office products.  Able to analyse, diagnose, design, plan, execute and evaluate work to time, cost and quality targets.  Excellent communication skills both written and verbal  Exceptional customer focus and attention to detail  The ability to think in terms of the wider business and the impact of your actions on other departments  Strong decision making skills CPS Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy