Title: IT Operations Engineer
Webindex: 69017143
Company: Adecco
Description: You ll be responsible for the effective daytoday management of National IT Systems for Blood and Transplant. Every year, we collect, process and issue over 2 million blood donations. Responsible for the Organ Donor Register, we retrieve and store a wide range of organs and tissues, and make some **** transplants possible each year. We also carry out research into improving the safety of blood and discovering new ways to save lives. In this varied role, you will provide IT Operational support services at the sites at Stoke Gifford and Filton. You will be instrumental in ensuring the smooth running of our vital services. Working closely with a range of functions across the organisation, you ll own the resolution of technical issues and ensure they are resolved in line with Service Level Agreements. Managing Operational exceptions, you ll proactively propose and implement procedural changes to maximise service availability. We ll expect you to ensure all IT Services run in configurations that guarantee continuity of service in the event of system failures. Developing and managing world class computer rooms, you ll see that standards and policies are documented and implemented across the organisation. You ll make sure the Data Centre hardware infrastructure is managed, coordinated and supported to perform effectively. Researching the latest technologies, standards and solutions in the industry, you ll develop and deliver projects that optimise efficiency and level of service. From capacity planning to backup, you ll enjoy a positive impact on every aspect of the system and its performance. Qualified to degree level or with equivalent demonstrable work experience, you have a passion for our work and the drive to deliver worldclass operational IT services. Your broad range of knowledge and experience encompasses server operating systems, hardware platforms, application delivery, networking, Enterprise/Data Centre backup solutions and data storage. You ve worked with UNIX and Solaris (**** and ****) and you have an extensive understanding of Microsoft Office products. A highly skilled and organised leader, you ve managed critical systems and delivered successful programmes of IT projects and solutions in a similarly large and complex organisation. You demonstrate creativity, good judgement, and the confidence and ability to propose and drive improvements. Naturally, you ll also have excellent communication skills. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy