Title: Account Manager–Oxfordshire–IT Field Sales–**** Uncapped OTE
Webindex: 71552516
Company: Penguin Recruitment Ltd
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen with a highly successful IT reseller in Oxfordshire. Selling a wide range of products and services, they are able to provide their clients with exceptional knowledge and advice. In turn, you will enjoy an above industry benefits package, ongoing progression as well as further development and training. You will be building relationships and generating progressive sales with new accounts that you will bring on board from your own lead generating and account closing. You will be managing a range of accounts so you need to have vast product knowledge which you will actively keep uptodate. You will also be responsible for actively meeting your accounts to generate new sales and create long lasting relationships. You will require a minimum of 1 years experience in IT Sales, with at least 6 months experience in a reseller capacity. You will have to provide evidence of sales experience and what targets you have previously hit, or better yet, exceeded. You will need to have extremely strong interpersonal skills to build relationships internally and externally, and be driven for career progression. If you specifically have experience with Cisco solutions, this will also be a benefit to your application. Our client offers ****k basic salary with a competitive OTE, which is uncapped, and will allow you to rapidly increase your earnings. You will also be entitled to a pension, life assurance package, phone, laptop, car allowance, etc. Interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please contact me on **** **** or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, gemma.bubbpenguinrecruitment.co.uk for immediate consideration. Commutable Locations: Oxford, Abingdon, Didcot, Cholsey, Wallingford, Goring, Kennington, Reading, Wantage, Grove, Faringdon, Newbury, Wheatley, Kidlington, Eynsham, Thame, Aylesbury, Bicester, Winslow, Witney, Carterton, Banbury. Keywords: IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions.