Title: Systems Engineer Network/Linux
Webindex: 69571441
Company: Matchtech   IT Division
Description: Systems Engineer required to join a team responsible for delivering core systems data centres to allow wireless Internet access to a large portfolio of international brands. The core includes open and closed source AAA, controller/gateway and Firewalls. Reporting to the Head of WiFi Technology, the Systems Engineer will be assisting the team in the designing, building and running of core systems and data centres. The core includes open and closed source AAA, controller/gateway and Firewalls/VPN terminators. There will also be some management and integration of remote site locations into the core Back End platforms. The key to this role is that we are looking for more than someone with network technology skills. They must be broader than that able to turn their hand not only to networking but also to systems admin, programming (PHP) and some database work. Duties and Responsibilities;  Responsible for the design, architecture and build of core system infrastructure  Build a 'Worldclass', marketing leading core, incorporating multiredundant and failover systems  Ensure the core is always fast, available, scalable and engineered to withstand unparalleled demand  Review and influence new and evolving design, architecture, standards, and methods for operating services and systems  Manage the availability, latency, scalability and efficiency of the core by engineering reliability into software and systems  Drive performance and reliability from software and infrastructure at massive scale, where even the 0.0% case must be considered  Respond to and resolve emergent service problems; build tools and automation to prevent problem recurrence  Participate in software and system performance analysis and tuning, service capacity planning and demand forecasting Skills and Experience;  Able to demonstrate relevant experience ideally with an Internet service provider or web hosting provider.  You will be a Linux guru who loves a flashing cursor  Excellent knowledge and experience of Apache, PHP, MySQL, RADIUS, other relevant open source software, and database design.  Indepth knowledge of routing protocols, switching, Firewalls, IPSec and SSL VPNs, and intrusion detection and prevention systems.  Expertise and high levels of experience in Layer ****/**** switching and security essential  Fluency in coding, algorithms, and systems design  Desire to solve complex problems of scale Qualifications (Essential);  Degree in Computer Science or equivalent or 3 years work experience Desirable:  Masters in Computer Science or equivalent  JNCIA, JNCIS, JNCIP, JNCIE, CISSP, and CCIE certificates are beneficial To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.