Title: IT Consultant – Internal Services
Webindex: 62006665
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: IT Consultant Internal Services Reference no: Cardiff **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: CF**** **** What s involved with this role: To work in Network Servers as directed by the Principal IT Consultant in the team. To assist in the provision of technical management of the Council s corporate and application servers. Account Management (creation, deletion, maintenance and renaming existing accounts) Data restores (including email restore) using our Backupexec or NetBackup suite Basic hardware maintenance (replacing disks, fans, memory, etc.) Basic server troubleshooting (power cables, network cables, etc.) IT background required and familiarity with Microsoft Server Operating Systems and Active Directory desirable, but initial training will be given. Duties and Responsibilities: To provide support, maintenance, access and data management of the Council s corporate and application servers, which will include troubleshooting and the management of faults. To build servers and subsequent install, configure and upgrade of operating systems. This includes system software that provides additional functionality to operating systems. To provide system tuning and database administration support (to application developers) in order to maintain optimum performance. To support and maintain specific corporate applications and facilities, such as email, file and print, fax. To work with Senior IT staff and IT Management in recommending and specifying new and upgraded hardware and system software. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Formal IT related academic qualification or equivalent Demonstrable recent experience of working with operating systems and applying ongoing support techniques to operating systems, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Willing to work unsociable hours Own Car and Business Insurance Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Internal Services/ICT/Support Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 23 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, ****:**** ****:**** Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited