Title: Customer Support 3rd line Technical Support Engineer
Webindex: 72545485
Company: Taylor Windsor Recruitment Ltd
Description: We are seeking to recruit an additional Customer Support Engineer at our clients prestigeous UK Head Office, which is ideally located on the borders of Surrey and Hampshire Required experience C,, Java, ESXi or VMware ideally knowlegde of databases Oracle and MSSQL The role; To provide technical support to field engineers, technicians and product support personnel. To respond to situations where firstline product support has failed to isolate or fix problems in malfunctioning equipment or software. To report design, reliability and maintenance problems or bugs to design engineering/software engineering. To maybe be involved in customer installation and training. To provide support to customer/users where the product is highly technical or sophisticated in nature. Working with the EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Support team, provide second/third level technical support to customers and partners. The Customer Support Engineer will: Provide direct technical support to internal and external customers and partners, employing strong customer management skills. Utilize the case management database to accurately fill out all required fields, document all case related actions, including next steps and final solution. Achieve a thorough understanding of product architecture, technical components and installation/configuration best practices. Attend training and complete selfstudy to acquire, maintain, and increase knowledge as it pertains to the job s technical and soft skill requirements. Use knowledge based tools to diagnose and resolve technical issues for customers, within predefined priority SLA timeframes. Essentially be a team player at all levels within the Technical Support group Demonstrate high level of availability in support of customer needs. A flexibility in some travel accros Europe would be beneficial Excellent company benefits which include 25 days holiday, annual bonus and free parking on site