Title: CIO/ Chief Information officer
Webindex: 72396161
Company: OCC Computer Personnel
Description: Chief Information Officer (CIO) Salary: to &pound **** plus car/allowance plus bonus plus benefits Location: Hampshire Skills required: Software, Software Management, Road Mapping, Product Development, Cloud Services, Strategy and Planning, Man Management, Budget Management.&nbsp &nbsp &nbsp &nbsp Start: ASAP&nbsp CIO: An excellent opportunity has arisen for an accomplished Chief Information Officer. This is a brand new job function due to an acquisition and organic growth and a very exciting opportunity indeed for the successful person. This role has been created to support my client&rsquo s expanding development of their Software and Cloud Services. The successful person must have experience of directly managing software company road maps, product development, source code production, and software management and control. My client has a comprehensive image, social media, and content Cloud and preference will be given to candidates with proven experience regarding management of cloud services. The main objectives of the role are as follows: Under &ldquo Strategy & Planning&rdquo the objectives include, documenting the company software product roadmap including the management of the updates & implementation of each element. This includes the full ownership of the Companies entire portfolio. You would be responsible for the definition of the standards for all products and architectures, and you would coordinate the entire IT process across all the teams and projects. Underpinning this responsibility is the control and management of the financial and human resources assigned to the team /project. Experience must be proven by the candidate for this element of the role. The CIO will personally manage the process and policy for all Source Code elements, security, back up, availability, updates. In addition to this the successful candidate would be responsible for all Software releases and versions both internally and externally and ensure that they are delivered on time to the Market and Customer requirements, which would include best in class documentation. A key element of this role is the vision control of all source code and documentation. The candidate must have proven leadership, able to demonstrate how they would align the company software development team and all stakeholders with the company roadmap objectives. The operational element of this role is to run the companies Knowledge Capture Cloud service.&nbsp This service includes the onboarding of customers, ensuring all service levels are achieved, including managing the relationship with our global Data Centre providers. An excellent opportunity for the right person with a background in Software Development and a true understanding of Cloud Services. Call now to hear more about this opportunity&nbsp &nbsp