Title: Alliances Account Director
Webindex: 69556856
Company: Practicus Ltd
Description: Alliances Account Director My client is a global software vendor well known in its space. As part of its global strategy they are looking for a new Account Director based out of Germany. This account director role is to drive forward the relationship with one of the main global integrators. This is a pivotal role and offers the successful applicant the opportunity to grow the relationship across Europe and eventually into a global account. Alliances Account Director My client is a global software vendor well known in its space. As part of its global strategy they are looking for a new Account Director based out of Germany. This account director role is to drive forward the relationship with one of the main global integrators. This is a pivotal role and offers the successful applicant the opportunity to grow the relationship across Europe and eventually into a global account. Most of the background work has been done within the account and now it needs a business development manager to focus on the various business relationships within the integrator to drive new business revenue now the framework agreements have been signed. This role offers the successful candidate the opportunity to push their career forward. Ideally candidates will have come from a Vendor background and sold through the S.I channel before. You must be aware of working closely with the direct sales force and how best to leverage relationships for the benefit of the organization and help drive revenue. This role will require a mixture of skills of account management and also new business into the account. You must be prepared to travel as is needed across Europe but you will mainly be based within Germany. This will suit a Sales person looking for a chance to grow an account from a local to a global coverage. This role will be ideal for an aspiring Sales person on their way up and looking for a challenge. This genuinely is a career defining role with and account that has massive growth potential. For more information and a confidential discussion please contact me on the details supplied.