Title: Senior Analyst  Impairment Capital Forecasting
Webindex: 68361590
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Senior Analyst  Impairment Capital Forecasting Location: London Salary: to ****  London allowance, Bonus Benefits This role will be responsible for the development and processing of Impairment and Capital forecasting models and the development of reports on Impairment and Capital performance including building an understanding of the key drivers of impairment. The business impact will be to deliver benefits running into many millions of pounds, whilst supporting the growth aspirations of the business, protecting against downside risk, and improving customer treatment. You will use tools such as SAS and Excel at an advanced level to manipulate and interrogate data, and will be expected to apply commercial acumen to interpret their results and produce actionable recommendations. The ability to interpret complex data and apply advanced numerical techniques is key, and familiarity with statistical methods is expected. Job holders will be expected to liaise effectively with colleagues within the team and across partnering business functions such as Finance, Operations Performance Management and Divisional Risk. Colleagues will be able to communicate their conclusions and recommendations clearly to other team members and management. Work will most likely comprise a series of specific projects combined with ongoing responsibility for specific aspects of credit risk management. They will ultimately report through to the Head of Credit for their respective business line, and will also be expected to contribute within the broader credit community, e.g. at Consumer Banking and Divisional level. Accountabilities  Development of forecasting tools and communication of progress.  Liaise with key stakeholders to support the development of robust forecasting solutions  Develop and produce Impairment performance reports and communicate findings  Support Impairment and Capital forecasting  Support Scenario forecasts  Build strong working relationships with the Personal Loans Collections Recoveries team to investigate and report the drivers of Impairment  Deliver functionality in line with agreed timescales  Work as part of the Impairment and Capital team and also the wider Loans Risk team Please send your CV to infoaspiredata.co.uk or call us on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorAnalystImpairmentCapitalForecasting_job****