Title: Data Migration Consultant  SQL Server / C
Webindex: 70422435
Company: Code Red Associates Ltd
Description: Code Red Associates (CRA) is a leading supplier of Permanent Contract ICT resource to a variety of Blue Chip, SME expanding organisations throughout the UK. We are currently resourcing for an exciting opportunity for a Data Migration Developer to provide SQL based data migration expertise, for a rapidly expanding organisation looking to rapidly expand their market share. The purpose of the role will be to develop a bespoke toolset to migrate data to a central CRM application from multiple source systems. Your daytoday responsibilities will include the requirement definition, configuration, development enhancement of the data migration toolkit; working closely with all stakeholders through all product phases from system build and testing to the rollout itself; performing data migrations, ETL, SQL scripting, and managing third party relationships, customers and accounts. Essential skills for the role include a demonstrable commercial track record in performing data migrations from various sources, experience working with SQL Server databases and have an appreciation for other RDBMS (Oracle, Progress, Access, Ingres, FoxPro, etc); be an advanced Excel user, be familiar with ETL processes, have advanced C / C.Net development skills including the development of multithreaded applications, and generally be au fait with processes and technology involved in data migrations. Any further experience of working with CRM applications would be desirable (Northgate CRM, MS Dynamics, Lagan, SAP CRM, Salesforce, etc.) As an individual you will be a great communicator with excellent customer facing skills and a passion for customer services. You will be a team player with a strong work ethic. An exciting career move is on offer with a rapidly expanding organisation with big ambition. The role is predominantly with occasional visits to customer sites around the country. Therefore you will need a full driving license and will need to be mobile. The role comes with a comprehensive benefits package. If this role describes you, then please apply swiftly to ensure that you do not miss out.Code Red Associates acts as an Employment Agency/Business with regards to this vacancy. As an Equal Opportunities employer Code Red welcomes applications regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, disability or age. All applicants are considered on the basis of their merits and abilities for the job.