Title: Helpdesk Support / Service Desk Analyst / Customer Services
Webindex: 69146192
Company: AWD online
Description: Helpdesk Support / Service Desk Analyst with excellent Customer Service skills required for a UK national company based in Birmingham, West Midlands. SALARY: ****  Benefits JOB OVERVIEW | Helpdesk Support / Service Desk Analyst / Customer Services To provide helpdesk support for customers within defined service levels, and provide a professional, effective and efficient first point of contact for customers. Deliver an effective support service by providing all aspects of call management including monitoring, escalation and reporting for customers, to include incidents, requests and changes. DUTIES | Helpdesk Support / Service Desk Analyst / Customer Services  Assist in delivering an efficient Helpdesk service to the Company’s customer base  Establish a rapport with customers, always striving to improve customer relationships within the IT department  Ensure that all parts of the Service Desk are operating optimally, meeting agreed SLA targets  Ensure that priority incidents are formally escalated before their SLA is breached  Understand and monitor the Service Level Agreements to ensure these obligations are met  Escalate to **** rd party suppliers when necessary  Own an incident from initial logging through to eventual closure  Maintain all documentation and knowledge base information  Understand the business units within Company and to aid in the timely recovery of business systems when required, including disaster recovery and business continuity practices  Pay particular attention to managing high priority calls through to a successful resolution  Monitor the different support teams’ performance in light of incidents and escalate to the Service Desk Manager when performance is adverse  Maintain or exceed customer satisfaction ratings EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Ideal candidates will have excellent customer service skills, with the ability to resolve issues quickly and efficiently. You should have previous experience working in customer service environment, with good working knowledge of Microsoft Office Packages, and preferably awareness of ITIL practices within a working environment. Candidates should also have good English written and verbal communication skills, be able to multitask, managing their own time effectively with minimum supervision. The Company is an equal opportunities employer and has publicly committed to this by signing up to the Two Ticks Positive About Disabled People scheme. This ensures that all disabled applicants, able to demonstrate that they meet the minimum criteria of the job description are guaranteed an interview. If you are disabled and feel this applies to you, please let us know by quoting ‘I am eligible for a guaranteed interview under the two ticks scheme’ within your CV. Please make sure this is written clearly. HOW TO APPLY To be considered for this job vacancy, please submit your CV to our Recruitment Team who will review your details. CV’s of Job Applicants meeting this requirement will be submitted to our Client for consideration. By submitting your job application to us you are hereby giving us your express consent to submit your details to our Client for this purpose. AWD online operates as an employment agency