Title: Application Managers
Webindex: 68999427
Description: Application Manager the Data Service Be part of an expert team bringing high quality data to the Education sector. Your challenge will be to lead and govern the development of innovative IM applications. You ll resolve any performance or technical issues that arise during development, ensure we meet all SLAs and check that the policies, procedures and processes governing application development are relevant, uptodate and in line with other IM Services policies. It involves planning stakeholder feedback, supporting team members with advice and guidance, and working in partnership with other IM Services functions. With your hard work and specialist skills, the Skills Funding Agency can be the best government body of its kind. To join us, you will need expert technical knowledge of applications. This should be based on an ITIL Foundation qualification and a good level of IT literacy. You ll be capable of researching user requirements and developing specifications, as well as providing a diverse range of customers with a responsive service. There ll also be plenty of teamwork involved plus contact with stakeholders, so it s important you can combine your technical expertise with strong communication skills. Make the grade and you ll have a pivotal role in our team, with rewards that reflect your talents. Data Services is a key part of the Skills Funding Agency s IM Services. The team is responsible for managing large amounts of key data, which is crucial to organisations within the UK Education sector and beyond. The Skills Funding Agency is a partner organisation of the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills. Our mission is to ensure that people and businesses can access the skills training they need to succeed in playing their part in society and in growing England s economy. Application Manager Customer ll work as a subject matter expert within IM Services by providing assurance in these areas and contribute to all application development using these technologies. The role will also involve you providing guidance to the second tier resolver group within CAM Application Management, helping them resolve more complex issues in these disciplines. Clearly, expert technical knowledge will be essential; this should be in web based technologies, specifically SharePoint **** and 2010, Microsoft online Technologies (including MCMS**** and IIS), Webtrends, DNS management as well as online standards such as xHTML, CSS, JavaScript, accessibility, usability and browser. You will need to display knowledge and competence at Designer and Administrator level for Microsoft SharePoint as well as having Microsoft Certification Configuring and Managing Microsoft SharePoint 2010 . There ll also be plenty of teamwork involved plus contact with stakeholders, so it s important you can combine your technical expertise with strong communication skills. Make the grade and you ll have a pivotal role in our team, with rewards that reflect your talents. Please state clearly in your application which Application Manager position you are applying for. The Skills Funding Agency is a partner organisation of the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills. Our mission is to ensure that people and businesses can access the skills training they need to succeed in playing their part in society and in growing England s economy. To visit our website and apply for this role please click the APPLY button