Title: Senior Java Manager
Webindex: 72132572
Company: Benchmark Recruit
Description: Our client based in Leeds who are a leading communications company are recruiting for a Senior Java Developer to join their market leading corporate company. Duties within the role: As a Java Development Manager you will be responsible for ensuring colleagues develop and maintain a series of IT based products in the mobile and transportation markets. You will have preferably been part of the full development cycle and ensure that your team perform and keep check on everything, from sales and requirement gathering through to customer delivery and beyond you will be responsible for a tightly nit team and take responsibility for overseeing the design and delivery of system components and in some case complete projects. Experience of the following would be advantageous, Behaviour driven development, CSQR, enterprise architecture Linux and UNIX. The successful candidate: Will preferably have experience in the following: Wicket, Spring, Maven, Axon, JQuery, Hibernate, JPA, MySQL, Oracle, JMS, Web Services (Soap), XML, Tomcat, JBoss, Junit and JBeHave. The ideal candidate will have a minimum of ****/6 years Java experience and a software design and development background. A Full System Delivery Will have preferably worked in a Scrum Environment. Benchmark is a leading Sheffield based independent recruitment consultancy, specialising in Sales & Marketing, IT & Technical, Creative & Digital, Office, Legal & Financial Recruitment. With flexible solutions covering both the permanent and temporary recruitment sector, Benchmark actively recruits positions from Graduate trainee, entry level roles through to senior management positions. As a local company with a national reach, Benchmark delivers first class recruitment solutions for the regions leading employers. Successfully completed assignments include roles such as: Field Sales, Account Managers, Sales Executives, Telesales, Digital Account Managers, Marketing Managers, PHP Development, Software Engineering, Java Development, Web Design, IT Support, Office Managers, Secretaries, Accounts Assistants, Financial Controllers. Paralegals, Solicitors, Patent Attorneys to name a few. To find out more about us and to view all the latest vacancies, please visit Benchmark http://www.benchmarkrecruit.co.uk/