Title: SEO Analyst ? Leading Search Marketing Agency
Webindex: 69640675
Company: Webrecruit UK
Description: SEO Analyst  Leading Search Marketing Agency Harrogate, North Yorkshire ****  **** DOE Plus Quarterly Bonus Based on Revenue Targets, Medical Insurance, Life Insurance, Group Income Protection, Pension, Free Parking Our client is the UK's fastest growing and most successful search marketing agency. Their Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) services have helped business of all sizes grow and develop. Today, their internet marketing services include Search Engine Optimisation (SEO), Social Media Optimisation (SMO) and online advertising. An opportunity now has arisen for a SEO Analyst to join their team. If you have experience of internet marketing and/or SEO, this is an excellent opportunity to join a cuttingedge agency offering excellent scope for career progression and inhouse promotion. As an SEO Analyst, you will be responsible for creating client proposals, compiling internal key performance indicator reports and managing client campaigns. Working alongside the Search Engine Optimisation Account Managers, you will research, monitor and report on client activity for one of the company's most profitable accounts. Compiling indepth monthly reports on SEO and PPC campaign performance, you will analyse data and generate technical and structural reviews of websites as well as compile internal and weekly performance measurement reports. On a daily basis you will monitor campaigns and undertake general administration duties, you will create client proposals using inhouse templates and tools and source and vet outsourcers. Additionally, you will monitor forums and keep uptodate with the latest thinking within the industry and then advise the rest of the team on any changes or improvement which should be implemented. To be considered for this role, you must have SEO and/or internet marketing experience. Equally important, is your high level of literacy with MS Excel or other spreadsheet packages and strong analytical abilities. As an SEO Analyst, you must have the ability to manage your own research as well as exceptional English communication skills. A positive 'cando' attitude and excellent attention to detail are also key, as are effectively multitasking capabilities. To apply for the role of SEO Analyst, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: SEO Analyst, SEO Specialist, SEO Executive, Search Engine Optimisation, SEO, Online Marketing, Digital Marketing Executive, Online Marketing Executive, Marketing Executive, Marketing Account Executive, PPC Specialist, PPC, Search Engine Optimisation Executive, Search Engine Optimisation.