Title: Senior Wordpress Web Designer
Webindex: 64593336
Company: SCC
Description: We are SCC  Specialist Computer Centres , Europe s largest privately owned IT Solutions Provider . We design , implement and maintain IT infrastructure systems for large commercial and public sector organisations across the UK . We now have an exciting career opportunity for a talented Senior Web Designer to join our Group Marketing Team based at our European Headquarters in Birmingham . Main Duties will include:  To demonstrate flair and creativity in website design.  To design standardscompliant themes for Wordpress to build campaign landing pages , blog sites and other websites .  Integrate social media tools /feeds and video media within websites .  To use knowledge of the tools ,the code and overall website structures to enhance Search Engine Optimisation [SEO].  To liaise closely with senior marketing managers and project owners at the design stage to establish why the site is needed , who the target audience will be , who the leading competitors are .  To develop and /or work on website briefs provided.  Work with the design team to deliver enhanced website banners that benefit from additional features such as JavaScript based transitions and mouseover effects .  Solve design problems through wireframes , sketches and mock ups communicating the solutions and selling your ideas to and taking feedback from project owners .  Work with the Marketing team to design and build websites; being conscientious of Content Management Systems and sustainability .  Optimise photos , graphics and PDF documents for the web .  Test designs and developments across multiple browsers and platforms , implementing fixes where errors are found .  Use FTP and/or Windows RDP upload and manage server files. Key skills required :  Strong portfolio of webbased work , which may include websites , web apps and mobile sites.  Strong HTML skills including HTML5 and CSS3.  Good understanding of PHP [object orientated approach advantageous] and some knowledge of MySQL would be advantageous.  Experience in Wordpress theme development or experience in other CMS platforms eg Drupal , Joomla etc .  Good communication skills with the ability to express concepts /ideas and take suggestions , feedback to produce visually striking and useable websites .  Be motivated to work to deadlines and targets whilst meeting all user needs of a website .  Previous experience in a similar commercial web site design role .  Ability to supervise others . We offer a highly competitive salary and real career prospects. Interested ? Then click the response button now