Title: C/C++/JAVA Senior Software Engineers &**** Indus
Webindex: 72556776
Company: CoolFMjobs
Description: C/C++/JAVA Senior Software Engineers Some of the Most advanced Technology in the World CoolFMjobs is now working in partnership with a global industry technology company where we are seeking experienced C++/C/Java Developers to work with their sCMOS solutions team in their innovative engineering and quality department. Our client specialises in the world s most advanced digital imaging cameras and offer their developers the opportunity to work with state of the art technologies in their specialist facilities based in Belfast. You will play a part in creating some of the most innovative photonics technology in the world, and in helping scientists discover new ways of seeing. Whether you see it as work, or as a vocation, our client can give you genuine purpose to your career. For an experienced software engineer, this is a easily one of the most desireable organisations to work for in Northern Ireland and will provide the best possible exposure to new technologies Duties: Architect, design, implementation and test of software drivers and applications. Provide innovative, robust and scalable solutions to complex technical problems. Drive continuous improvement to the SW development process. Improve, refine and refactor existing legacy applications. Assist the Solutions team with rapid prototyping and critical investigations. Gather requirements based on system specifications for new products. Drive task breakdown, estimation and creation of comprehensive project plans. Develop software design documentation. Provide technical support to internal and external customers. Write software user guides, manuals and any other documentation Essential criteria: A degree (or equivalent) in a computer, technical or numeric subject such as Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or Physics At least ****  5 years experience in at least some or all of the following: Experience in all stages of software lifecycle development from requirements capture through to application deployment and support Experience in using C++, C or Java for Windows application development Experience in OO design, multithreaded design and application architecture using industry standard techniques and tools Desirable Criteria: Evidence of sole responsibility for architecting multiple software developments Experience of developing unit and systemlevel tests Experience of Agile software development lifecycle Experience in creating flexible design solutions and use of design patterns Experience in developing under Linux Experience of developing software to interact with electronic equipment or scientific instrumentation Experience of designing and testing graphical user interfaces Record of technical mentoring and team leadership Salary Package: The salary for these roles is open for negotiation and will be industry leading to attract the best talent for the positions. Salary for this role is negotiable. Other benefits include:  Excellent starting salary  Flexible working environment  Good career progression with strong internal promotion opportunities If this specific role does not meet your specific needs feel free to contact us for other opportunities in the IT sector, all conversations are confidential. Ready for the challenge? Simply click APPLY, to forward a CV in the strictest of confidence or contact our recruitment team on **** **** **** CoolFMjobs operates as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business, adheres to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless of age, sex, disability or religious belief.