Title: Data Cleaning and Migration Project Manager iPMO
Webindex: 67947105
Company: Matchtech Group Plc
Description: My multinational client is seeking a Data Cleansing Migration specialist to join their offices for a fixed term contract for 8 months. Looking for a wellrounded individual who is able to successfully plan, execute, monitor, control and close a project. The PMs primary responsibilities will be to drive coordinate the panEuropean implementation of identified Projects with the main focus being on data cleaning and migration for various systems and system changes. Dealing with key stakeholders and integrating with other panEuropean countries is essential for this. Key Responsibilities:  Ensuring that key methodolgies are followed for best practice and standard PM Tools and ways of work are implemented.  Ensure that all project requirements and objectives are properly documented (e.g. Project Initiation Document); maintain structure coordination of the project documentation across the complete program/project life cycle. Write documentations where appropriate.  Track and report progress including realistic forecasts of final target positions for delivery dates and costs.  Manage risks, resolve issues and concerns  Obtain approval for required commitments in line with EU iPMO Governance principles.  Release management where a number of system changes need to be undertaken. These include testing/regression testing, roll out and training, etc.  Ensure program/project is transitioned into the relevant business area on completion.  Program/Project closure as defined, including e.g. review actuals vs baseline, outstanding topics, lessons learned archiving of program/project documentation, communication of program/project closure and review outcome.  Update Project Register and internal PMO Community (where applicable) Required Skills: Degree and/or relevant certification in project management IT Project management experience including proven experience with data cleaning and migration Excellent knowledge of business English and good knowledge of another European language is advantageous To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK For more information please call **** **** **** OR email me on shefali.davdamatchtech.com Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.