Title: 1st2nd LineDesktop Support Analyst Jobs In Scotland
Webindex: 68756540
Company: Jobs At Capita
Description: Capita, FTSE 100 and leading Business Process Outsourcer, is seeking an experienced Support Analyst to join their team to be the initial point of contact for all desktop related incidents logged through the onsite Service Desk. The role relies on the analysts delivering exceptional customer service and liaising between users and third parties to deliver desktop support within the local and regional desktop environments. The primary objective of the First and Second Line team is to ensure minimum disruption to the Client Desktop environment as a result of any technical issue; return to normal service is priority. In addition you will carry out initial investigation into systems and first time fix where applicable, pass calls to appropriate team where necessary, respond to user incidents, provide cover for the Call logging function where required and be expected to work to documented process and abide by all service desk policies. Other Responsibilities include: Diagnose cases and enter accurate details into call logging system Pass cases to the correct resolving groups if necessary Monitor cases and ensure SLA's are adhered to To respond to and resolve 90% of cases received into the desktop call loggin queue with SLA. To resolve and close cases to user/business satisfaction To update customers on status of cases Be aware and follow procedures at all times To follow Compliance and audit guidelines To keep management informed of outstanding problems and incidents Carry out system changes and enhancements as required following the Change Control process Follow IT security processes for the Service desk Offer ideas for team improvement Assist in documentation as required Assist with testing as required Work with the Problem Management functions to investigate root cause of failure and make sure preventative actions detailed in failure reports are completed.  Install, configure, maintain and troubleshoot end user desktop hardware, software and peripheral devices. Any other duties deemed required as part of the day to day role and project work. So seeking applicants with the following: Good 1st and ideally 2nd line support experience Experience of Active Directory and Windows 7 Proven working knowledge of Incident Management tools Good knowledge of Microsoft Office ****  2010 Good knowledge of Outlook ****  2010 Ability to troubleshoot hardware such as desktops, laptops, Servers, printers, Switches and so on. Ability to work under pressure Ability to communicate with all levels of the organisation and external suppliers Good written and verbal communication as well as administration Willing to undergo CRB check if successful If interested apply now to avoid disappointment Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.