Title: Datastage Support Specialist, Manchester, upto ****k  Exc Bens
Webindex: 71740569
Company: The People Network
Description: Datastage Support Specialist, Manchester, up to ****k  Excellent Benefits A leading Bank requires a Datastage Support Specialist to join a support team working within a Data Warehouse Platform. This is an excellent opportunity to join a well established and highly reputable bank working in a diverse onshore and offshore team. You will be accountable for the Operational Service on the Group Data Warehouse platform, support some heritage HBOS technologies, work within a specialist team to undertake the daytoday delivery of a comprehensive functional Datastage shared service. To be considered for this role, you must have a desire to drive continual improvement, challenge the norm, possess strong communication skills, have experience of the offshore model, be widely networked, able to deal with conflicting priorities in a fast paced ever changing support environment. You will also have the following experience: • Hands on experience with Datastage (ELT **** & ****) • SM7 – Incident / Problem / Change management required • Previous experience with ITIL processes • Previous experience of UNIX scripting and environments • Strong problem solving capabilities • Extensive support experience • Knowledge of processes and procedures, and why they are important (particularly incident, problem, and change). • Interrogating data and understanding the importance Personally you will be able to use initiative and be an excellent problem solver. You will also be a confident self starter that can work independently and be able to communicate to a wide audience of various technological backgrounds and possess excellent organisational skills. Must be proactive, adaptable and results driven. You will be a team player who must be able to work under pressure, manage multiple projects and mentor a broad member of staff in your specialist technological area. In addition to the basic salary this role offers an excellent banking package. This position also offers the opportunity to work on the cutting edge of technology for a leading bank with multiple channels for career and skills advancement. If you have the skills mentioned above then please ensure it is clear on your CV and forward it. The People Network is an employment agency and will respond to all applicants within 7 days.