Title: Software Engineer NET ****K
Webindex: 66555816
Company: Diamond Recruitment Group
Description: About NaviNet: As America’s largest realtime healthcare communications network, it is NaviNet’s mission to advance the efficiency and quality of care by delivering health plans, providers, patients and partners the advanced solutions, services and expertise needed to streamline business processes and drive industryleading innovation. About Our Product: NaviNet provides Web access to a wide array of custom healthcare transactions. Our solution is used by over **** healthcare providers across the country. The Web site provides efficiencies and costsavings to both our health plan customers and the offices that use our product by converting paper and telephonebased workflows to electronic workflows that are accessed easily within a browser. In addition, NaviNet provides a number of valueadd transactions with other healthcare software applications, such as care management, revenue cycle and clinical systems. NaviNet features encompass a spectrum – from those that are jointly developed with our customers and partners, to those that are a common part of the NaviNet offering and are developed entirely by our staff. We maintain an extremely high level of customer and end user satisfaction by taking great means to ensure that our product meets our end users needs and truly makes the provider office more efficient. Whether working closely with a customer to deliver a custom workflow, or with internal staff to deliver a valueadd feature, you will be expected to provide a high quality product. Position Purpose: Our client is seeking an energetic and passionate Software Engineer to join their Development Team. As an engineer on the clients web site, you will be responsible for the design and development of software components hosted within the enterprise portal platform. Engineers are expected to be selfstarters who can operate well under a variety of different situations and types of projects, ranging from a team of one to a team of many. Responsibilities: Design and develop new services and features on the enterprise portal platform Develop components using object oriented design and implementation methodologies, including the application of design patterns when applicable Ensure all delivered software components meet or exceed internal practices and policies with respect to coding standards and unit testing Work within an Agile Software Development Lifecycle to deliver business requirements from analysis and design through to deployment Contribute to the continuous improvement of development processes through procedure improvement suggestions and the removal of obstacles Work effectively with colleagues in a team based environment , including the mentoring and development of less experienced team members Engage in a collaborative manner with project stakeholders to ensure that new platform features meet user expectations and within projected timescales Requirements: Interested candidates must have the following: Bachelor s degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Electronics Engineering, or related field Experience of server product development Applicants must also demonstrate knowledge of the technologies, IT concepts and applications inherent in the position, as described above Contact Details Deadline To be considered for this position, please forward your CV to Phil Vernon at Diamond Recruitment by clicking on the APPLY button on this page and attaching your CV. For further information on this opportunity please contact Phil Vernon at Diamond Recruitment on **** **** **** YOUR DETAILS WILL BE TREATED IN A CONFIDENTIAL MANNER WITH DIAMOND RECRUITMENT GROUP. ONLY APPLICANTS MEETING THE CRITERIA WILL BE CONTACTED.