Title: Senior Business Systems Analyst  Hertfordshire
Webindex: 68627930
Company: SPS Resourcing
Description: Senior Business Systems Analyst required for prestigious financial organisation in Hertfordshire. The Senior Business System Analyst role partners across the organisation to understand business needs, products and processes. The role is responsible for eliciting requirements and developing comprehensive analysis artefacts that enable the development of new products and services for our customers. Duties Include: Perform the elicitation and analysis of business change, functional and non functional requirements across a range of stakeholders, internal and external. Own and produce relevant analysis artefacts and documentation from Business Architecture through to Business and Functional Requirements and logical models. Ownership of analysis tasks, timescales and approach and supporting the project manager and team in the management of the schedule, risks and budget. Line management of one or more Analysts in the team including management and accountability of the work performed and investing in people and career development. Provide endtoend project involvement from concept through to production. Working with the Architecture Group, ensure that solutions are appropriate, meet stakeholders needs and are aligned with Business and Enterprise Architecture. Provide the evaluation of current products and services against proposed changes and product investments. Act as a role model to other analysts and provide the thought leadership and action to develop and grow the Analysis Group. Skills Required: Strong analysis and problem solving skills. Proven track record in Business Analysis within a complex change environment. Experience in using structured analysis techniques and able to evaluate and plan approaches on projects. Experience in leading others on projects and planning and executing analysis work across a workstream. Excellent communication skills and able to communicate both written and verbally to internal stakeholders and external clients. Confident in requirements elicitation and able to facilitate cross functional conversations and workshops. Able to use a variety of analysis techniques to model, refine and communicate requirements and the behaviour of business systems. Experience of software delivery life cycle approach, both waterfall and agile. Comfortable working in teams and willing and able to mentor more junior members. Familiarity with Case Tools and use of Visio/MS Office. This is an excellent opportunity to join a financial UK market leader who invests heavily in their staff and who offer great career progression. For full job description email CV to SPS Resourcing or contact Stephen Savva to discuss further.