Title: Systems Analyst  Infrastructure Support  Linux  Coventry
Webindex: 69216449
Company: Additional Resources
Description: Systems Analyst  Infrastructure Support  Linux  Coventry Coventry Permanent Up to ****k  benefits Systems Analyst : Infrastructure Support : Linux : Coventry. Up to ****k plus benefits. A leading supplier of state of the art' IT Solutions & Managed Service solutions within the Retail and Distribution market require a skilled Analyst with excellent Linux skills to join their Data Centre Infrastructure support team. To provide service delivery to internal and external customers through high system availability & data security success. To provide access control for all specified production environments, including all forms of physical access, and remote access to production systems. You will be expected to take lead of IT Projects and IT Workstreams and be able to lead technical workshops to scope IT and Business / Operational Projects. The position will include supporting the execution of System User & Integration Testing in all System enhancements and changes, You will also support the full end to end change management process for all IT Changes. Act as a subject matter expert and technical consultant on all Server infrastructure and associated platforms. You will be technical strong in Microsoft suite of Operating Systems, applications & environments, along with a specific focus on Linux/ Suse environments. You will be expected to have the knowledge and ability to maintain Linux systems without additional support. Also having knowledge of Proxy servers on Linux OS, Active directory and major vendor hardware/operating systems. With previous experience of Business Process Design and mapping and have the ability to develop technical road maps. There will be a requirement to provide twentyfour/seven remote support on a rota basis. Key words, infrastructure, Linux, VMware Weare an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****