Title: Security and Systems Administrator
Webindex: 68346724
Company: Assured Recruitment Solutions Limited
Description: Security and Systems Administrator: **** 50,000 My client, a growing, dynamic business providing IT solutions to the arts and entertainment industry, has a requirement for a Security and Systems Administrator to join their infrastructure team. The Systems Administrator will have an interest in building robust, scalable, web applications using the latest technologies and techniques. As part of the infrastructure team you will be responsible for building, securing and maintaining the infrastructure that powers the company s unique products. The successful candidate will be responsible for:  Security infrastructure (policies, risk assessments, AV, firewalls, IDS, logging, monitoring, alerting etc  Network infrastructure (switches, routers, etc.)  Virtual infrastructure (private and public cloud)  DR infrastructure  Ensuring that systems and infrastructure meet recognised security standards, requirements and regulations including achieving and maintaining PCI level 1 certification  Day to day server and systems administration (Windows, Linux, infrastructure hardware)  Working with system architects to ensure that the software and infrastructure work well together  Planning and implementing future expansion of the system as demand grows in existing territories and new ones The Candidate The Systems Administrator will have 35 years experience working in a commercial environment and in the delivery of robust and scalable web applications.  Have a good degree in a relevant discipline (e.g. Engineering, Physics or Computer Science)  Have an excellent understanding of modern networking, including the OSI model and TCP/IP  Have a good understanding of Windows networking and administration  Be able to demonstrate strong scripting skills in DOS, PowerShell or Linux shell  Be able to demonstrate a systematic and analytical approach to problem solving  As this is a support role you will be required to be part of the out of hours emergency response team so flexibility is essential The Company This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Security and Systems Administrator to join a business whose unique approach has led to rapid growth and a superb reputation across their clientbase. Founded in early **** the company now has more than **** clients across the UK and Europe and they are now looking for a driven, self motivated Systems Administrator. This is a chance to really make your mark within this growing, entrepreneurial business. If this sounds like the role you re looking for apply today. Security and Systems Administrator: **** 50,000