Title: IT Application Support Analyst (Financial Services)
Webindex: 69687862
Company: Easy Web Recruitment 
Description: IT Application Support Analyst (Financial Services) AJ Bell is one of the largest providers of lowcost, online investment platforms and stockbroker services in the UK, with assets under administration exceeding **** billion and more than **** clients. Position: IT Application Support Analyst (Financial Services) Location: Tunbridge Wells, Kent Salary: to ****K  benefits DOE ROLE: We are now recruiting for an additional IT Application Support Analyst to join our IT team in Tunbridge Wells. Reporting to the IT Support Manager, the role primarily provides 2nd line support and is involved in analysing, troubleshooting and resolving system defects with our bespoke core system infrastructure. It also involves working closely with our 3rd party suppliers, carrying out project work and managing systems changes, fixes and releases. Your technologies and previous experience in a similar role is important, but above all we are looking for a motivated and hardworking team player who has the ability to be flexible and adaptable. The successful candidate understands the need to put his or her customers first and is able to demonstrate a clear drive for helping business users. Financial services experience is desirable but not essential. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) IBM i (iSeries), Windows XP/**** and Microsoft Exchange, VMware vSphere/View. b) Microsoft Office skills, including Word, Excel and Project. c) Effective planning, organisation and time management ability. d) Analysis, problemsolving and decisionmaking skills. e) Strong communication skills, verbal and written. f) Ability to build effective working relationships with people at all levels. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) JHC System Figaro Software. b) ITIL. You may have experience of the following: IT Support, IT Application Support, Desktop Support, IT Administrator, IT Analyst, Systems Configuration Analyst, IT Helpdesk This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.