Title: Partner Manager  EMC, Cisco  ****k  Thames Valley
Webindex: 67793094
Company: Satigo Ltd
Description: Partner Manager  EMC, Cisco  ****k  Thames Valley The Client: My client is an international provider of services across data centre, software, server storage systems, security networking technologies. Experts in high performance networks and dynamic infrastructures they have the capability to design tailormade, bestofbreed solutions to meet with both product and services at individual and enterprise level requirements. Solutions Include: Unified Data Centres, Business Continuity, Virtualisation, Security Compliance, Application Optimisation, Cloud Enablement, Professional Managed Services The Role: Partner Alliance Business Development Manager to own the success of the Cisco and EMC business across the UCS and Storage technologies and ensure that we meet/exceed the Cisco and EMC related budgeted margin in the overall plan. Build EMC Cisco partner network and transform sales processes through experience of how to best structure the sales effort to partners and construct a viable, valueadd, revenue generative partner network. Ensure growth development of the business across key areas including EMC Cisco Product Sales and cloud based/managed services sales in the data center virtualisation market. Development and implementation of business planning processes, management of virtual teams, ensure the maintenance of healthy, prosperous and productive relationships with Cisco and EMC and their related solution partners, work with the Solutions Architecture team to guide, shape and translate their output into clear business relevant and differentiated propositions. To act as the knowledge resource to the Sales and Presales teams as the SME across Cisco and EMC. Key Responsibilities: Manage the ongoing and strategic relationships with Cisco and EMC by ensure an appropriate level of peering between my client and key staff. Monthly reporting on Cisco and EMC product and services business and marketing activities Manage the development of joint marketing and demand creation propositions and activities with Cisco and EMC across all brands. Assist the Business Development Director in negotiating and managing the commercial arrangements between end customers and the partner channel  Cisco and EMC. Specifically these will focus on:  Targets and rebates  Business Development Plans for focussed initiatives  Marketing funds and incentives  Market product information across EMC Cisco products services  Commercial acumen in delivering partner led solutions Requirement: Demonstrable knowledge of Consulting Services in to the Enterprise, Public Sector and/or the Service Provider marketplace. Excellent experience/success in Cisco UCS and EMC server and storage sales. You must have demonstrable personal contacts and gravitas with key Cisco and EMC influencers (references and endorsement from both would be beneficial). Ability to communicate well at all levels; the gravitas to command attention from people at the highest levels; confident and skilled at presenting to people either on a one to one basis or to large groups; an excellent negotiator; highly numerate with intermediate Excel skills; the ability to communicate numbers clearly and confidently; strong PowerPoint skills M4 Corridor, Flexible with other locations ********k (Car, Bonus, Pension, Health, Etc.) URGENT OTE circa ****k Car Allowance, Bonus, Laptop, Mobile, Pension, Health, Etc. URGENT  Contact: Hasan Mohammad Business Development , Pre sales and Post sales, information infrastructure, unified storage, content management, security, virtualization, backup and recovery, Journey to the Cloud, Virtual Compute Infrastructures, efficiency