Title: SE Transmission Manager
Webindex: 71305197
Company: Argyll Scott Technology
Description: Transmission Manager  Manchester  4 month contract  ****  **** /day Assist the Transmission Delivery Manager and drive Delivery of the Transmission to Special Events and Corporates. To manage the Delivery of Transmission to a defined cluster of Cell Sites Manage the Delivery of orders placed to the Transmission Vendor. Direct Management of the Transmission Vendor. Work alongside Special Projects Dleiver Team to steamline Integrations Interface with ADC Supplier to manage the Transmission Delivery Manage a portfolio of Transmission Hub sites for Microwave Delivery To manage all finances for the project, to ensure that both the Capex and Opex Budgets are managed within targets. Complete daily updates to Reporting systems. Report weekly and Monthly on Transmission Progress. Report Monthly on Supplier Capability and Performance. Skills/Experience Individuals must be generally competent in the Project Management Techniques Good Managerial skill as role requires high level of motivation, leadership and rapid decision making. Fully proficient in management of delivery of all site types. Proficient in the use in Microsoft Software packages and be capable of working with my client's systems very quickly. Knowledge of radio principles and network quality. Understanding of safety responsibilities and company policies for the environment. A working knowledge of Contract law with consultants and Contractors. Knowledge of budgets, estimates, contract sums and financial controls. Safety of designs. NRPB Recommendations. Aware of British Standards. CDM regulations. In possession of all appropriate safety training certificates including flat roof access. Be willing to work away from normal office location at short notice. Full driving licence. This is an urgent role so if you feel you have the required skills and experience, please send your CV to amohammedargyllscott.com for an immediate response This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SETransmissionManager_job****