Title: IT Project Manager / Healthcare
Webindex: 70676404
Company: Jenrick IT Limited
Description: Global Publishing company, currently going through a global business transformation are seeking an experienced Technical Project Manager who has solid working knowledge of domain in Healthcare, life sciences or pharmaceutical. The selected PM will plan, execute and finalise projects according to strict deadlines and within budget. This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members and third party contractors or consultants in order to deliver projects according to plan. The Project Manager will also collaborate to define the project requirements, objectives and ensure that the quality control team is involved throughout its life cycle. You must be able to demonstrate knowledge and SDLC and PDLC and how to implement solutions and also have the ability to learn and build SME level knowledge in product specific. You will prepare the business case showing the business impact of the project (costs/savings/revenues/intangible benefits) and track key project milestones and reports accordingly using mandated tools (e.g. HP PPMC) and in accordance with corporate governance. To apply for this position, you must have the above skills and experience as well as the following:  Have managed similar projects with budgets <$****m.  Fully knowledgeable of the Product Development process  Possess knowledge and expertise in the use of project management methodologies and tools, resource management practises and change management techniques  Have a Bachelor s Degree in a relevant field of work or equivalent work experience  Experience of waterfall, agile and six sigma methodologies  Strong familiarity with project management software  Experienced with programming languages, including .NET, Java, PL/SQL and Oracle  Database and operating systems experience with Oracle and SQL.  Solid working knowledge of domain in Healthcare, life sciences or pharmaceutical  Demonstrated experience in personnel management  Experience at working both independently and in a teamoriented, collaborative environment is essential.  Can conform to shifting priorities, demands and time lines through analytical and problemsolving capabilities.  Reacts to project adjustments and alterations promptly and efficiently.  Flexible during times of change.  Experience of using MS Project  Experience of HP Project and Portfolio Management Center (PPMC)  Exposure to agile management tools such as Rally or VersionOne. This is a permanent opportunity paying a competitive salary depending on experience and an excellent benefits package. If you have the above skills and experience and would like to be considered for interview, then please call Alex Duffy on **** **** or alternatively send your CV to alex.duffyjenrick.co.uk