Title: Technical Consultant  J****EE / Oracle
Webindex: 62699253
Company: Redwood Starke Ltd 
Description: Technical Consultant The Technical Consultant works with the client's technical teams to gather requirements and help define specifications for implementing the Company's products. Key responsibilities include:  Participates in determining objectives of assignment and plans, schedules and arranges own activities in accomplishing objectives.  Assesses client hardware and software environment.  The Technical Consultant is involved with configuration and implementation tasks, as well as system and customer acceptance testing of configured solutions.  Consulting responsibilities include problem identification, system architecture definition, hardware/software specification and/or design, implementation, testing, client training.  Consults with client to determine specifications for successful installation of Company products.  Installs Company's products within Client's environment or as a hosted deployment.  Analyze and make appropriate recommendations on technical design tasks such as integration with external applications.  Develops personal and team tasks plans for project technical work.  Technically implements the solutions designed and developed by the team and the consultant.  Supports client's technical team in knowledge transfer activities.  Travels up to 3040% of the time dependent on projects.  Performs other duties as assigned. Skills and Experience  Ability to manage projects and deliverable development for clients.  Ability to meet commitments outlined in project schedules and to anticipate change and adapt quickly.  Ability to gather requirements and define implementation specifications.  Exceptional aptitude for problemsolving and troubleshooting.  Good knowledge of business processes.  Exceptional ability to exercise solid judgment while using generally defined practices and policies for implementing Company products.  Excellent verbal, written communication, and listening skills required for interfacing with client team and managing client expectations Technical Skills and Experience (Java understanding and Oracle skills are most important  don't need to be a recent developer  consultancy skills / client facing experience essential) experience of integrating enterprise systems and the options for transferring data including data migration from one system to another. Good technical skills in the following areas with expertise in some areas:  Data Management Skills: RDBMS [Oracle SQL], experience of querying tables and Data Structures  J****EE experience [Enterprise Java Beans]: awareness of concepts so experience of J****EE doesn't have to be recent  Single Signon [SAML]: Vendor products include Oracle Access Manager, SideMinder, Ping Identity and Tivoli Access Manager  Web Services: REST or SOAP and/or WSDL. Need to understand the concepts. Ideally Apache AXIS  SaaS concepts  Application Servers: JBOSS, TOMCAT, Websphere, Weblogic  UNIX/LINUX: Redhat, CENTOS, SUSE . Must be fluent in English and French or German very useful Need to be based within about an hour of Reading, Berkshire Salary up to c****k, 450pm car allow, bonus and benefits