Title: Computer Field Service Technican
Webindex: 72629855
Company: Extra Personnel Ltd
Description: Job Title: Computer Field Service Technician  Break/Fix Days Required: Hours of Cover: Day to Day Work: Respond to technical service requests on variety of Desktops, Laptops, Printers, C&P and Epos equipment. Candidate must have hardware and software experience to support a wide variety of client owned equipment. The candidate should also be knowledgeable on a variety of Microsoft products and other desktop applications, including common operating systems. Job Title: Computer Field Service Technician  Break/Fix Days Required: Hours of Cover: Day to Day Work: Respond to technical service requests on variety of Desktops, Laptops, Printers, C&P and Epos equipment. Candidate must have hardware and software experience to support a wide variety of client owned equipment. The candidate should also be knowledgeable on a variety of Microsoft products and other desktop applications, including common operating systems. Majority of assigned daily tasks are scheduled service events related to networked retail equipment in Banking, Retail, and Home user environments either hardware breakfix or software configuration . Key Responsibilities: Responsible for the installation, deinstallation, on site repair or whole unit exchange of customer owned products testing the hardware and software to specific client requirements. Replacing or upgrading client owned systems which includes hardware, software and network configuration. Install and optimize hardware/software/networking products and configuration at customer sites. Ensure customer satisfaction by achieving a first time fix, where possible, advising the customer on resolution of the issues. Punctual call updates and closures to control on completion of the task. Take full ownership of the task and responsibility to report any followup services required or problem escalations. Technical and Behavioural Skills required: &x2022 Must have good educational background to High School level &x2022 At least 1 years experience in a field service or support role &x2022 Must already have or be able to pass CRB, PES and Financial Background checks &x2022 Must have valid drivers license and Estate Vehicle or preferably small van with appropriate insurance and MOT &x2022 Proficiency in Windows operating systems, Microsoft Office software &x2022 Ability to troubleshoot and repair software and hardware issues &x2022 Experience communicating with Blue Chip clients &x2013 excellent communication skills required. &x2022 Cisco, Dell (DCSE), A certifications are highly desired &x2022 Must be available for afterhours oncall rotation &x2022 Must be available for varying shifts / days including weekends on a rotating basis. &x2022 Experience with setup, operation and maintenance of Windows, workstations, printers, peripherals, and touchscreen monitors with repair down to component level &x2022 Be able to rapidly establish a good working relationship with end users and other professionals &x2022 Ability to work as a part of a team and to collaborate with colleagues &x2022 Excellent interpersonal skills including tact, diplomacy, and flexibility &x2022 Work quickly, efficiently, and accurately &x2022 Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously &x2022 Basic tool kit to perform field service hardware repairs &x2022 Working knowledge with IBM, HP, Compaq, and Dell laptops.