Title: Senior SQL Server BI Developer  East Midlands
Webindex: 67652592
Company: Cordius
Description: SQL Server Business Intelligence Developer, BI Developer, SQL Server, SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), MDX, Microsoft Report Builder, C, VB.NET, East Midlands, Leicestershire. 12 MONTH FIXED TERM CONTRACT at a leading FTSE100 company An opportunity has arisen in the Business Intelligence Systems Team for a Senior BI Developer on a temporary 12 months basis. The role provides analysis, development and support resource to address the Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence requirements. Essential Criteria: Experience developing business intelligence solutions. Experience in Microsoft SQL Server database programming on SQL **** or above. Experience in the full Microsoft SQL Server BI products, Integration Services (SSIS), Analysis Services (SSAS) and Reporting Services (SSRS). Proven ability to write SQL statements. Proven ability to perform effective Analysis on medium to large projects, providing realistic estimates and timescales as part of the analysis. Ability to cope with a fast paced environment where priorities change to meet business needs. Desirable Criteria: Exposure to .NET programming using .NET framework **** or above with C or VB.NET. Ability to use MDX and Microsoft Report Builder. Experience of working in a large company. Experience with scalable data warehousing and an understanding of how these are structured. Salary: Circa ****K  Bonus  Excellent Benefits Location: Leicester, Leicestershire, East Midlands Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates. We recruit Permanent and Contract, Development, Programming, Business Intelligence, Business Analyst, Reporting Analyst, Information Analyst, Data Analysis, Data Analyst, Data Mining, MIS Analyst, Information Analyst, Data Manipulation, Data Mapping jobs across the Midlands