Title: Technical Delivery Consultant  Cisco / CCNA / CCNP / Juniper
Webindex: 68687590
Company: Hewett Recruitment
Description: Technical Delivery Consultant, Cisco, CCNA, CCNP, Juniper, Networking, Infrastructure, Worcester, West Midlands. Technical Delivery Consultant, Cisco, CCNA, CCNP, Juniper, Networking, Infrastructure, Worcester, West Midlands. A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join a large, market leading software solutions provider based in Worcester. The company develops highend software solutions and requires a talented network and infrastructure specialist to work on the design, deployment and support of advanced, highlyavailable infrastructures. You will join a highly skilled team and act as the primary network specialist, managing and supporting all networking elements of the infrastructure solutions the team implement. Specific responsibilities will include, but not be limited to: managing Cisco and Juniper networking solutions; provide 3rd line support to clients on escalated calls; deliver internal and hosted infrastructure projects; planning, testing and implementation of future strategy and new technologies; protect integrity of environments to ensure maximum stability and availability. The successful applicant must have a proven track record in similar role and will be either CCNA or CCNP qualified, with any Microsoft, Linux, Citrix or VMWare certifications being of benefit too. You will have strong experience with clustered firewall technologies (Cisco, Juniper, Checkpoint etc.) and with Cisco network switches, including Nexus. You should also have a strong knowledge and approach to security (network, server and principles) alongside experience with IDS/IPS and of support VoIP. It is expected you will have a solid understanding of network design and communication protocols with LAN/WAN and previous experience in a SOC or NOC. Other technical knowledge should include HP Networks, SQL and MySQL deployments, Linux and Windows Server platforms and Citrix and virtualisation technologies. This is a great chance to join a growing company offering excellent career prospects and a generous benefits package. There will be the chance to work on some very exciting projects as well as develop your skills within an environment that actively supports personal development. and Based in Worcester, commutable from Birmingham, Kidderminster, Cheltenham, Malvern, Gloucester, Hereford, Ledbury, Evesham, Bromsgrove, Redditch, Droitwich Spa and Pershore. Salary up to **** commensurate with experience. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalDeliveryConsultantCiscoCCNACCNPJuniper_job****