Title: Email Migration Analyst Office ****/MS Exchange
Webindex: 69037594
Company: Reed Technology
Description: Email Migration Analyst Office 365/MS Exchange/Legacy/Cloud/IMAP/MigrationWiz Our client based in London are seeking an Email Technical Migration Analyst on a contract basis. YOU MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE OF MIGRATION TO EXCHANGE/OFFICE **** IF NOT PLEASE DO NOT APPLY. Experience • Substantial experience and a proven track record mail system migration. • Experience in working with MS Exchange and cloud based MS Exchange together with knowledge of legacy mail systems and products. • Good knowledge of email clients and client configuration. • Technical knowledge of internet mail standards – SMTP, IMAP etc • Experience of working with Active Directory (AD) FS and DirSync • Understanding and sensitivity to business process and cultural change. • Experience in outlining and documenting requirements for an mail system and migrations • Experience of defining IT Procedures and Process to conform to industry best practice and audit requirements. • Experience of developing good working relationships with senior managers as well as clerical staff. • Experience in capturing and articulating complex IT project requirements which may affect multiple users. • Experience in understanding the technological issues underlying the introduction of IT systems. • Experience of designing and facilitating workshops to colleagues and other staff to successfully deliver a set of outcomes. Knowledge, skills abilities Knowledge • Extensive Knowledge of mail systems, their uses and drawbacks. • A good knowledge of latest developments in cloud based mail solutions. • Strong knowledge of Exchange server configuration • Problem solving skills. • The ability to identify business drivers, needs, issues and find deliver solutions. • Excellent planning and organisational skills. • Excellent communication skills able to translate technical terms into plain English for nontechnical individuals. Main Duties and Responsibilities of the Role Migration planning and implementation • Identify migration groups, requirements and plans • Investigate issues and technical problems raised during requirements gathering • Work with team members to sync mail boxes and migrate individual users, analysing migration results to identify and overcome any migration issues arising. • Document issues and solutions This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/EmailMigrationAnalystOffice365MSExchange_job****