Title: Open Source Web Developer  JavaScript, jQuery, MySQL, Linux
Webindex: 72288382
Company: Webrecruit
Description: Open Source Web Developer  JavaScript, jQuery, MySQL, LinuxOldham, Greater ManchesterUp to **** DOE Plus Bonus, ****0 Days' Paid Holidays  Bank Holidays Our client consists of a group of technology businesses, each with a specialist focus area based on experience, knowledge and a proven track record. They are headquartered in an idyllic village in the UK called Delph but have international reach and are continuing to expand their customers on an exponential scale. An opportunity now has arisen for an Open Source Web Developer to join their team in Delph. This is the ideal role for a dynamic web developer with excellent JavaScript, jQuery, MySQL and Linux skills looking to pursue a career with a rapidly expanding company offering a fun and exciting work environment. What's more, you will benefit from extensive training and career development prospects. As an Open Source Web Developer, you will be responsible for developing our client's innovative, reusable webbased tools within a cloud environment. Specifically, on a daily basis, you will split your time between a number of internal project and client focused work. For this, you will harness the best of open source code which you will build upon and/or integrate to provide innovative, rapid solutions. Work with the Development Team to deliver internal and external projects, you will determine the appropriate architecture and other technical solutions before making recommendations. Your other duties will include:  Liaising with the team for any progress and/or delays Updating the team regarding emerging technologies or applications Assisting with the development of innovative, reusable webbased tools and services To be considered for this unique opportunity, you must have:  At least three years' experience in a similar development position focusing on open source applications Experience of JavaScript and/or DOM, jQuery, MySQL and Linux The ability to form valid CSS styled HTML documents and understanding the importance of cross browser testing Knowledge of Apache configuration A good understanding of version control systems, such as SVN or Git A self starter with a 'can do' attitude, as an Open Source Web Developer, you must be able to manage your time independently and work within deadlines. Excellent communication skills and a desire to work with the latest technologies and methodologies are also key Whilst not essential, experience with Symfony2 or a similar MVC framework would be beneficial. Experience of unit testing using PHP Unit would be equally favourable. A proven track record of using HTML5 and CSS3 would also be an advantage, as would knowledge of jQuery UI and/or Bootstrap. To apply for the role of Open Source Web Developer (JavaScript, jQuery, MySQL, Linux), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Open Source Web Developer, JavaScript, jQuery, MySQL, Linux, Open Source Web Developer, Junior Web Developer, Developer, Web Programmer, Open Source Application Developer, Java Developer. bonus Salary: Up to **** DOE