Title: Access Field Technician
Webindex: 68079047
Company: Virgin Media
Description: Department Overview In a nutshell, we look after our network. Our technical wizardry covers modems, telephony and digital TV. We work with it all. You’ll find us in the homes and offices of our customers, installing and maintaining our products. And making sure our customers get the products and services they want, when they want them But it doesn’t stop there. We also provide the design and engineering solutions that evolve our networks. We make sure they’re safe, reliable and provide the latest services superfast. Just what our customers want. To sum things up we: Install  Bring TV, broadband and home phones to millions of people nationwide. Maintain  Update equipment and make sure things work as they should. Repair  Fix any faults fast. Evolve  In our world things change fast. So we need to make sure we fully exploit all the possibilities our next generation network can bring. It's a powerful responsibility that our engineers and designers are more than a match for. Job Purpose Based within Access to provide brilliant customer service by installing, disconnecting, maintaining and repairing media products (TV, broadband and landline phones) at the customer’s premises and at relevant street sites (e.g. street cabinets). To provide timely technical solutions for customers to ensure the service received is safe, reliable and efficient. To be an ambassador for Virgin Media and represent the brand professionally. To consistently achieve challenging individual and team targets that contribute to the overall business goals. Key Tasks and Responsibilities Use a hand held Personal Digital Assistant (PDA), to check daily scheduled work, review customer details before a site visit, update notes, and complete relevant forms after a site visit. Drive a van safely to different customer sites as scheduled. Make calls to customers prior to arrival to advise them of expected arrival time and make followup calls to customers where necessary. Analyse technical problems and identify the cause by carrying out relevant onsite diagnostic tests (e.g. using signal meters/toning kits, checking street cabinets, checking faulty equipment etc). Decide on the best solution (e.g. how to repair technical faults or replace faulty equipment) wherever possible providing a first time fix. Escalate faults / complaints that cannot be resolved using standard operating practices. Provide a ‘health check’ of the customer’s equipment to ensure they are receiving an efficient service. Maintain and secure street cabinets. Provide installation of new services and disconnections as requested. Complete administrative tasks and submit necessary documentation (e.g. monthly H S equipment check, mileage form etc.). Maintain a tidy, organised, safe and well stocked van, (including cleaning, fuel checks and ordering and collecting necessary stock). Liaise with colleagues and provide support (by phone or in person) if unexpected difficulties/problems arise. Use careful questioning to explore customers’ problem and identify potential up sell and cross sell opportunities. Demonstrate and maintain excellent technical, product and pricing knowledge, keeping uptodate with a broad range of information (e.g. by reading daily email alerts and briefings, checking the intranet, keeping uptodate with offers). Responsible for selfdevelopment through effective contribution at regular coaching / feedback and appraisal sessions with Access Field Manager. Take an active part in team activities, for example, weekly ‘buzz’ calls and team meetings, sharing knowledge, and working towards team goals. Take full ownership of own performance service levels, monitoring own performance statistics and taking action where necessary to achieve a range of targets and Key Performance Indicators (e.g. completions, repeat faults, first time fix, punctuality, compliance, Net Promoter Score etc). Adhere to all Virgin Media’s policies and procedures (e.g. Company Standard Operating Procedure (SOP), Service Level Agreement (SLA), technical procedures and legal requirements (e.g. New Road and Street Works Act **** (NRSWA), Health Safety). Have a broad understanding of Virgin Media’s departments and where necessary liaise with other departments to find the answer to a query or to prevent a problem from reoccurring. Timely reporting of any significant business risks or identified fraudulent activity. Carry out additional ad hoc duties or tasks as requested by the Access Field Manager (e.g. helping out other regional teams). This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccessFieldTechnician_job****