Title: Software Tester, Fashion House, Selenium, Maidstone
Webindex: 68833422
Description: Are you a web tester looking for your next career move? My client is a leading high street fashion brand, based in Maidstone they are looking for a passionate web tester . Working in a fluid environment, you will have excellent communication skills with a strong working knowledge of SQL, Selenium and PHP. Those considered for this fantastic opportunity, will demonstrate a familiarity with Automated testing and a desire to enhance their career. Ideal candidates will show;  At least 2 years of relevant commercial testing experience  2 years of PHP  2 years of MySQL  **** year of Selenum and Web Driver  Experience with Test NG and PHP unit  A fun and friendly personality This role is ideal for a software tester looking for a new opportunity to enhance their career with a reputable fashion house. The role will enhance your abilities to communicate and build rapport with other testers in your team. An excellent salary along with a discount on all purchases from this company will ensure your time spent here is remembered and enjoyed. For all applications please contact Julius via email at; or phone; **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 