Title: Software QA Test Engineer  Manual/Automated OO Web Based Technologies
Webindex: 68359209
Company: MAPP Ltd   IT & Business Management Recruitment Specialists
Description: Software QA Test Engineer  Quality Assurance, Manual Automated Software Testing, OO Web based Technologies  Surrey. ESSENTIAL KNOWLEDGE SKILLS EXPERIENCE: Strong Software QA experience. Experience with Quality Assurance on Enterprise Scale Applications. Strong Software Testing experience both Manual Automated Testing. A strong understanding of performance related software issues and testing approaches. A good understanding of webbased software applications. Familiar with the principles of software engineering, including OO Object Oriented development, concurrency and design patterns. Experience with .NET C and JAVA would be highly desirable. Experience of understanding and providing solutions to complex and challenging issues. Demonstrable willingness to find and use the appropriate tool or technology for a given task. This may require self research/learning followed by the ability to educate others. self starter and confident decision maker with the ability to work independently. Degree  Computer Related ESSENTIAL COMPETENCIES IN COMMUNICATION TEAM WORK: Ability to articulate your ideas to both customers and team members. Excellent writing skills for a wide variety of communications from specifications to customer emails. Ability to tactfully challenge without alienating. Adaptable and flexible in communication styles to effectively transfer key and complex information to others of varying degrees of knowledge and experience. Seeks ideas and inputs of colleagues to make best use of team expertise and improve team performance. Freely shares knowledge and findings with others. JOB DESCRIPTION: The team actively pursues opportunities to exploit the possibilities of emerging technologies and ideas. The post holder will be required to identify, maintain and recommend quality assurance and improvement processes as well as creating and executing test plans. Working with project managers and developers to assure that the product is functioning effectively to ensure satisfied clients. Principle Accountabilities: Writing and executing test plans and test cases to bring out defects in functionality and performance during development and prerelease. Running, reviewing and maintaining automated tests and build processes. determine areas of code that need to be tested for the best efficiency. Make recommendations around improving test environments and quality assurance processes. Undertake internal quality audits. Designing and executing performance tests to ensure that the system remains performant and stable. Interpret and help refine existing technical specifications. Employ a mixture of automated and manual testing. Recommend and apply quality assurance tools as required. Provide leadership on testing techniques and methodologies. Coordinating and improving release processes. Verify customer reported defects and relaying information to the development team. Working closely with customers during product deployment and provide ongoing support. Ensure products are tested and meet quality guidelines across full lifecycle. Accurately estimate activity timescales and provide regular progress reports. Confidently confront and overcome technical challenges with workable and innovative solutions. KEY COMPETENCIES: Planning Organising: Works with confidence unsupervised. able to manage multiple concurrent workstreams. Able to organise work in order to meet deadlines and support team goals. Problem Solving: Identifies issues and takes a proactive approach to dealing with them. thinks creatively to produce workable ideas and novel solutions. Has the drive and commitment to see activities to completion. Continual Improvement: Manages own development and performance. Strives to improve and keep knowledge and skills up to date. Keen interest in the field of software testing and quality assurance.  EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY FOR CAREER DEVELOPMENT IN AN EXPANDING FORWARD THINKING HIGH TECH ORGANISATION  January / February 2013 start This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SoftwareQATestEngineerManualAutomatedOOWebBasedTechnologies_job****