Title: Systems Definition Engineer
Webindex: 68627331
Company: Modis
Description: Systems Definition Engineer required to work on a customer site in Bristol and perform Systems Design activities contributing to the Specification, Design and Validation of Subsystems. Carry out a full range of technical analyses and investigations, including evaluation and selection of technical options and prepare reports with suggested recommendations to support the resolution of problems and the improvement of engineering capability. Prepare a full range of specifications, develop designs in line with specifications and all quality and technical standards, and carry out design appraisals in assigned areas to ensure all standards are maintained. Carry out investigations into a full range of problems, issues or developments and develop and prepare solutions, individually or as a member of a project team. Specific Activities will include: Requirement Analysis and Design in response to a customer requirement. Production and maintenance of software requirements specifications and interface requirements specifications. Ensuring correct flow down of top level requirements to subsystems and interfaces. Definition of system/software test specifications for compliance testing. Production of Test Definitions and Scenarios to be used in the validation of software. Analysis of test results to validate software operation. Production of Documentation to satisfy customer deliverables. Plan, control and deliver assigned projects or work packages. Carry out team planning, risk management and quality activities in assigned areas in line with all requirements and processes. Provide effective support to customers in assigned areas, delivering solutions to meet the customer's needs and requirements. Provide help and direction to less experienced team members to support both their effective working and their development. Manage and report against the team's work programmes, including analysis of risk to ensure the team delivers its accountabilities. The successful candidate will have the below skills: Degree or equivalent in relevant discipline. Significant, relevant experience, in particular command and control. Substantial analytical and problem solving skills. Sound understanding of the system design process (including System and SubSystem Specification, System Test, Integration and Certification). Rhapsody and UML. Knowledge of Algorithm and Software development. Practical Knowledge in one or more of the following areas: Use of DOORS for requirement management, tracking and mapping certification evidence. System testing including the production of related documentation. Interface specification. Knowledge of data analysis techniques. Software technology and design/validation methods. Good verbal and written communications. Candidates must be willing to undergo a security vetting proceedure.