Title: Sales / Business Development Manager  Mobile Software
Webindex: 68346476
Company: The MRJ Group
Description: Sales / Business Development Manager  Mobile Software (UK Wide) Business Development Manager currently required by one of MRJ s flagship customers. Our client is a leading Mobile Development Software company, a pioneer in their industry, and currently working with tier **** mobile operators including Vodafone, Ericsson EE. It s a very exciting time for the company as they look to grow the company and an experienced Business Development Manager is currently required by the Head of Sales Marketing to grow their current client base and establish new relationships across the UK. RESPONSIBILITIES:  Manage and grow the company s three largest accounts with target revenue as agreed in the annual Budget.  Grow and develop new clients across the telecoms fast expanding mobile apps industry  Build and maintain professional relationships with key customers.  Develop and maintain a sound knowledge of the customers market and industry in order to identify new ideas and opportunities.  Maintain and own all commercial contracts and contract renewals for new work for existing clients.  Prepare regular account plans, revenue projections and forecasts for internal use  Entertain and visit clients on a regular basis  Represent the company at industry events/seminars  Organise and attend sales meetings and presentations with potential and existing customers  Update customer contacts and opportunities using CRM system. EXPERIENCE: Do you feel you have the experience and expertise to fulfil the above responsibilities? We expect that you will offer:  Experience managing and developing large clients, preferably within the Telecommunications sector.  A thorough understanding of the technology market (ideally mobile)  A track record of successfully developing accounts  A track record of consistently achieving all targets set  Familiarity with the development of business critical software solutions  Good communication skills required to explain different technologies to clients LOCATION: Our client is based in the North (Lancashire) but please note this role will involve nationwide travel. You can be home based assuming that you are happy to spend c. two days in the office per week. APPLICATION PROCESS: Interested? Apply with an up to date CV today to jodymrjrecruitment.com or call Jody on **** **** ****