Title: Data Scientists Analyst Data Mining Analyst Big Data London ****K
Webindex: 72688741
Company: Simul Fortes Ltd
Description: Data Scientists Analyst Programmers Data mining Data Analyst Data Modelling London Scientific Software Engineers/ Developers with a desire to work in the field of Big Data ****k A rapidly growing company requires **** Data Miners/ Data Scientists/ Analyst Programmers. The successful candidates will be a graduate in either mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, engineering or material science to help the company develop mathematical models and algorithms that will integrate large datasets. The company have a new product that is really making waves in the industry. It is kicking up a lot of data and you will help to analyse the data. We will consider all levels from strong recent graduates or PHD up to experienced Data Architects and everything inbetween. Role: They are a leading predictive analytics startup who have won various accolades for their innovative advertising technology platforms. You will be developing predictive algorithms and realtime data processing systems to identify user behaviour across the social web. You will be participating in the design and management of a rapidly expanding technology stack processing billions of transitions. We are looking for highly motivated, versatile individuals with mathematical and programming skills combined with a keen interest in applications of mathematics and statistics and a proven ability to work to tight deadlines. Perhaps you are a recent or more experienced graduate, or a recent PHD student considering postdoctoral research and something that will be challenging, exciting and in the most emerging sector. We ll even consider experienced C++ and Java Engineers all levels are considered for this exciting Big Data Company. The candidates will have some or all of the following experience:  Extensive understanding of the strengths and limitations of computer modelling methodologies and the knowledge that can be gained from each.  Expertise in linear and nonlinear regression techniques.  Expertise in algorithmic simulations using analytical tools and mathematical models.  (Preferred) experience in areas including but not limited to data mining, clustering algorithms, Bayesian logic, neural networks, decision trees, support vector machines, principal component analysis.  Ability to program in one or more of Java, Python, Ruby, C++.  Experience with relational database systems, eg MySQL.  (Preferred) experience with noSQL database systems, e.g. Mongo, Cassandra.  Any experience with Datamodelling software platforms, e.g. Knime, Orange will be beneficial. We look forward to receiving applications from those that want to work with the latest cutting edge technologies in the most exciting and emerging fields, that want to take their career to the next level and that want excellent training opportunities, salary and bonus packages. If this sounds like you, please submit an application today Data Scientist: The Sexiest Job of the 21st Century  Harvard Business Review