Title: Product Manager  Cloud technology
Webindex: 66925527
Company: Berry Technical
Description: Product Manager, Voice and Chat Dublin, Ireland Start ASAP Our leading client in Ireland is looking for a Product Manager to lead their product team. We are looking for someone with the ability to leverage the latest web technologies to deliver elegant, realtime customer support solutions to market. The Role: Based in Dublin, Ireland and reporting to Product Management in San Francisco and the Dublin based GM of Voice this individual will: Define and execute the company s vision for voice and realtime chat solutions, with an eye toward creating beautifully simple support experiences for customers and support agents. Represent the company s broader product strategy to the team and work daily with engineers in all phases of product development: feature conception, design, testing, and product rollout. Identify and manage strategic voice and chat partnerships and conduct detailed analysis on competitive offerings. Engage with product marketing, sales and customer enablement teams to optimize product packaging, pricing, training/enablement, and launch. Engage with customers, prospects, analysts, as well as with the technical and business community to evangelize the company s products and understand market needs for a multichannel support solution. Required Skills: Minimum 4 years of experience in product management with increasing levels of responsibility in fastpaced, agile development environments. Experience with softwareasaservice, telecommunications, voice application APIs (Twilio, Tropo), or realtime messaging technologies (Node.js), is desired. Must be comfortable articulating design to a group and enjoy taking a customercentric position in to reach a decision with your colleagues. Must have strong visual design sense. Ideally you have driven userinteraction design and can proudly share your work. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Proven leadership skills and comfortable making decisions without perfect information. Excellent accountability and work ethic. Bachelor s degree or equivalent work experience required. Please send CV to apply