Title: Senior Oracle DBA/Database AdministratorNorth Yorkshire
Webindex: 72578110
Company: LA International Computer Consultants Ltd
Description: Senior Oracle DBA/Database AdministratorNorth Yorkshire We are actively recruiting for a Senior Oracle DBA to be responsible for ensuring that the Databases under their control are installed, maintained and are supported in accordance with the Network Services End User Policy and Procedures Guide Network Services LAN Operations (Standard Operating Procedures). The DBA will support their Databases under the direction of the DBA Manager, and ensure that all their Databases are managed to the highest standards; this includes but is not limited to producing supporting documentation, participates and coordinates in maintaining, modifying and creating databases structures with minimal supervision. Assists in the design, coding, testing and implementation of databases, ensuring the latest patches and hot fixes are installed in accordance with Change Control. Key Responsibilities: Design and build databases Provide support to ensure that all databases are maintained to the highest level. Ensure that all critical data is backed up to the relevant media and data restores are tested regularly. Complete audit trail documents. Provide consultancy solutions for the Infrastructure Team, Project Management and Business teams as requested. Responsible for ensuring that all Critical Security patches are deployed to all Databases in accordance with Network Services LAN Operations (Standard Operating Procedures). Liaise with the Systems Management Server Administrator ensuring that automatic patch deployment poses no risk to Database operation. Ensure the appropriate change control ticket(s) is raised to cover any database work. Ensure that all Database systems are available in accordance with the Corporate Network policy and SLAs. Build and develop close working relationships with peer groups in the U.S and Cyprus. Experience required: Oracle Databases (****i, ****G) O/S (AIX, Linux and Windows) Scripting (SQL, PL/SQL and Shell Scripting) Performance Tuning (System Tracing, Explain Plan, Autotrace, TKPROF, AWR/Statspack) Backup and Recovery (RMAN) High Availability and DR (RAC and Data Guard) Monitoring Tools (Oracle Grid Control and Mercury SiteScope) Database Storage (Raw, CFS, OCFS and ASM) Other RDBMS (SQL Server, Informix and DB****) My client are a world leader delivering advanced technology and enhanced value to many of the world's leading financial services companies making it possible for hundreds of millions of consumers to use their credit, debit and store cards safely and securely. We have been consistently voted one of the best companies to work for in America and can offer you an exciting career with development opportunity. This is an excellent opportunity, please apply now for further details. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector Gold Awards)