Title: Application Delivery Manager
Webindex: 72578387
Company: Proactive Appointments
Description: We are looking for a talented individual to come and join our Well Known client based just South of London. It is a great opportunity to join a fast growing company in these uncertain times. Purpose of Role Owns an Insurance application platform, responsible for delivering, business technical change in line with Technology Strategy and Operational Principles, ensuring agreed time, cost quality criteria are met. Key Accountabilities: Delivery  Accountable for the delivery of application development within their platform within agreed time, cost and quality criteria, to achieve the desired result:  Where the function takes the lead on workstream delivery, coordinates activities across other platforms.  Plans proposed future projects from a resourcing and activity perspective, and provides SME input in predelivery stages (prePGDF Gate ****) to assist with shaping and planning the future project.  Proactively manages own workstream's risks and dependencies and if all else fails manages project recoveries.  Owns the relationship with 3rd parties who are delivering change within the platform, ensuring 3rd party deliveries are formally scoped, and delivery is within budget and to agreed milestone and quality plans. Strategy  Ensure delivered solutions are commercially viable; meet operational principles and standards; adhere to the agreed architectural strategy and highlevel solution designs; and provide a solution which is supportable, enduring and minimises future development costs.  Ensure continuous improvement within the specific application, embedding a culture which challenges inefficient activities and proactively looking for areas of improvement which support business or technology change.  Provides input to department strategy and implements the roadmap. Capacity Capability  Develop team capacity/capability in line with overall tower vision, sourcing strategy and the Strategic Investment Plan.  Manage resource assignments for projects, ensuring inhouse/3rd party resources are allocated sensibly to meet project demand, key skills are retained and intellectual property is enduring. Risk and Control  Promote and proactively support a culture of robust (project and departmental) risk assessment/mitigation, and assure that solutions meet operating principles, in order to protect the Business, whilst continuing to deliver change. Stakeholder Management  Represent Development Services, while fostering and maintaining customer relationships. Empower team members to do the same, ensuring these partnerships are acknowledged as valueadd, collaborative and inclusive, with internal/external stakeholders and customers. People Management  Create an engaged team who are collaborative, authoritative, respected across BTS and are seen to contribute to business growth.  Effectively manage staff through:  Talent management that ensures the assignment of work/learning opportunities to meet the needs of both the organisation and the individual.  Fair, consistent and transparent performance management  Appropriate adherence to line management policies and controls.  Effective communication that engages staff and encourages them to maximise their value add. Due to the volume of applications received for positions it will not be possible to respond to all applications and only applicants who are considered suitable for interview will be contacted. Proactive Appointments Limited operates as an employment agency and employment business and is an equal opportunities organisation.