Title: Senior Data Warehouse Engineer
Webindex: 72479106
Company: La Fosse Associates Ltd
Description: We are seeking a Senior Data Warehouse Engineer with Managerial experience to join our client, a hugely successful and ambitious company based in London. In this exciting role you will be given the chance to recruit, lead and mentor a group of data engineers and as a collective, your role will be to support the business by delivering high quality solutions for the Enterprise Data Warehouse. Working with extremely large data is vital as the Big Data Implementation will look to scale to ****PB by the end of the year. Essentially, you must have the ability to roll up your sleeves and both design and build quality solutions Core Competencies:  Strong skills in DB**** stored procedures.  Strong experience with Teradata or Netezza or any other MPP implementations.  Experience with data warehouse industry ETL tools is highly desirable; Informatica Powercenter experience preferred, Data Stage or Ab Initio is acceptable.  Data Models proficiency read, create and understand.  Must have leadership experience  Stakeholder management  Experience working in a large data warehouse environment Qualifications:  Highly experienced lead data engineer with DB**** Hadoop and Informatica experience.  Strong background in Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence environment  Database development in an MPP DW environment is required and must have experience in monitoring tuning and performance  Exposure to NoSQL technologies and big data platforms such as Hadoop, HBASE or Cassandra is highly desired  Strong scripting skills to perform data/file manipulation (e.g., PERL)  Development background should include experience in core data warehouse ETL tools; Informatica Power center version **** preferred.  Ability to read and interpret data schemas, with emphasis on DB**** implementations  Proven ability to create and maintain online and printed documentation This is the perfect opportunity to join an already successful blue chip company which is growing from strength to strength. This role would suit an individual who wants to take on a leadership role but also work in a nonpressurised environment with huge rewards. If this sounds like you, please apply ASAP