Title: Payments Product Manager 
Webindex: 69733905
Company: Engage 
Description: Payments Product Manager The Wider Brief The Billing Payments (B P) team is part of Xxxxxxxs Business Operations team along with Customer Support, Revenue Assurance Fraud, Carrier Relations. The B P team enables Xxxxxxxs business unit and three regions to collect payments from their users whilst charging for their services directly or via partners. The B P team is made up of three functions: Service Operations, Partner Management and Service Development. This role is a key part of Service Development. We are looking for brilliant minds to join the Xxxxxxx revolution. In particular, those who have the passion, drive and dedication required to continue delighting our users and giving them a great experience. The Business Specific brief Xxxxxxx currently has customers in 200 countries and growing. This presents a unique challenge to offer payment methods on a global scale. We need a payments product manager to drive the implementation of new methods by working closely with our local teams and all our global delivery teams. If you have the right balance between commercial acumen, technical skills and relevant experience, this role will enable you to develop further whilst breaking new grounds. Key Responsibilities Define Xxxxxxxs wallet roadmap and drive implementation of new payment methods Align B P payments services set with current and perceived opportunities through new payment method launches, modifications and optimization, and method sunsetting. He/she will analyse and keep abreast of market, customer and competitive trends while working closely with the Strategy, Business Unit, Regions, Product and Bus Ops teams. In particular, the PPM will ensure that any potential payments service withdrawal is well researched, managed and that the impact on cost, revenue and customer service is minimised. This role will be a key input in the financial year planning cycle and will be contribute to providing business justification to acquire budget, staff resource and internal support. In addition, the PPM will contribute to evangelising the B P services internally. The PPM will oversee and agree business cases for new payments services, approve release policies and release plans and allocate resources across products within B P wallet portfolio. The PPM will also lead the effort in gathering and prioritizing business and product requirements as well as engineering and refactoring needs, and in delivering quality MRDs, PRDs, functional and nonfunctional specifications. The PPM will contribute to product release plans and ensure that they detail product releases and initiatives, key dependencies, resource requirements and timescales. This role will be responsible for ensuring the implementation of the payments plans within the B P wallet portfolio including: go to market strategies to drive service/feature adoption, launch plans, financial modelling and business cases, legal regulatory requirements etc.  Along with the Engineering team, the PPM is responsible for:  Ensuring the maintenance of appropriate, predictable cadence of releases in accordance with the release policy for each service within the portfolio  Agreeing a prioritized, mandatory and stretch scope for each timebound release with Engineering;  Agreeing the release policy to determine product development rules, integration and flow of development, testing, deployment, and support postdevelopment;  Agreeing a release plan for each release including clear decision points for scope reduction, risk management and change control processes;  Agreeing the prioritization of defects to be addressed; Agreeing with Site Operations appropriate plans for release to production