Title: Security Architect  Financial Services
Webindex: 71656157
Company: The People Network
Description: Security Architect  Financial Services London (****k****k  20% Bonus & Benefits) Leading banking/finance organisation based in London are seeking an experienced Security Architect to join their internal core IT team. This is a high profile role and will take full responsibility for defining, governing and maintaining IT security strategy and architecture standards for this global blue chip organisation and will span both application and infrastructure security. You will be fully responsible for defining and delivering IT security strategy and architecture and be expected to work with a range of the core business units. You will be responsible for producing architecture roadmaps for IT security and be heavily involved in change and project work. It is essential that you be able to work closely with key senior stakeholders as well as other core business and technical teams (actuarial, development, test, data teams, etc). You will also have the ability to work with other core architecture functions and contribute to the wider IT strategy within the organisation. In order to be considered for the role of IT Security Architect you will have:  Strong experience working as an IT Security Architect (minimum 23 years)  Strong technical grounding covering core areas (ie: Networking, Firewalls, Data, Application security, infrastructure, etc)  MUST have Knowledge & experience of both application and Infrastructure security  Experience of defining and designing architecture roadmaps that have transformed IT security architecture previously  Wide IT architecture appreciation covering Application and Data Architecture  Experience of working on large scale change/transformation projects  Strong stakeholder management and senior engagement experience  Experience of managing and mentoring teams  Appreciation of both technical and business aspects of architecture  Ideally some exposure to the financial sector or related systems  Ideally a degree education Personally you will be driven and highly commercially focused. You will have the ability to work closely with both technical and nontechnical teams and have very strong communication skills. You will also be able to operate at all levels, often facing off to CxO level stakeholders. This is a great opportunity for an experienced but developing Security Architect to join one of the worlds biggest finance organisations and to progress your career quickly in a large scale enterprise environment. For more info please send your CV. The successfully candidate will receive a base salary of between ********k (based on experience)  1020% bonus, pension, medical and alike.