Title: Microsoft BI Consultant
Webindex: 68361514
Company: Venturi
Description: Microsoft BI, Greedfield projects, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, A Microsoft BI Consultant (SSIS/SSAS/SSRS) is needed for a Managed Service Provider in London. They use the most up to date technology and their Microsoft BI (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) services divisions is growing to be one of the best in the country. The projects that are on offer are predominantly in the financial and telecoms industry and this role that can offer many Greenfield opportunities. Using your skills in SSIS, SSRS and SSAS, including data warehousing you will be able to take requirements, design, develop and support successful implementations. Key Skills SSIS / SSAS / SSAS Date warehousing Dimensional modelling TSQL SQL Server 2008 Data Modelling As a talented SSIS, SSAS and SSRS consultant you will also need outstanding communication skills and be able to develop clear understandings of clients' needs. As well as working on numerous large scale projects you will be able to lead, mentor and coach when required. If you have a desire to work with one of the best managed service providers in the UK this is an excellent chance to progress your career through their dedicated training and development programme. This role is paying up to ****k with an excellent benefits package and bonus. Key skills: SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, SQL Server, TSQL, BI, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, SQL Server 2008, Consultant, Developer, Venturi is a staffing business dedicated to you, differentiating ourselves in the marketplace by quality of service and candidate delivery. Our highly skilled and experienced staff operate within dedicated markets to give you the best service possible. Venturi markets include Development Design, Business Intelligence, IT Infrastructure Support. Venturi operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/MicrosoftBIConsultant_job****