Title: Internal Sales Account Manager – Wigan – ****kOTEBENS
Webindex: 69536988
Company: Penguin Recruitment Ltd
Description: Urgently seeking experienced sales professionals to join a leading Telecoms company as an Internal Account Manager Due to growth and expansion within a developing sales team, our client is actively seeking to fill a new position where you will start in a trainee role. This will allow you to get to know the technologies, work with a mentor and develop your sales techniques within the technology industry. Your role will be purely business to business focused and you will actively cold call to generate new sales and create leads. You will also be working towards sales targets in order to rapidly increase your earnings. The ideal candidate will have worked within a telesales role for the last 3 years and now be looking for the next step in to an Account Management position. You will have to demonstrate how you build rapport over the phone, and evidence of where you have successfully achieved sales targets. In turn, you will enjoy comprehensive training, ongoing career development and internal support from management. There is a competitive starting salary with regular pay reviews, and the chance to earn commission as well. For immediate consideration, please send a copy of your CV to Gemma Bubb: gemma.bubbpenguinrecruitment.co.uk. Alternatively, you can call Gemma on **** to discuss further opportunities. Interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please contact me on **** **** or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, for immediate consideration. Commutable Locations  Wigan, Warrington, Widnes, Runcorn, St Helens, Prescto, Frodsham, Helsby, Northwich, Lymm, Knutsford, Altrincham, Partington, Irlam, Woolston, Risely, Salford, Leigh, Golborne, Haydock, Burtonwood, Barnton, Abram, Billinge. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions.