Title: PHP / Moodle Developer
Webindex: 72240405
Company: Dynamic Business Services Ltd
Description: Company: Dynamic are one of the UK's leading elearning companies and have an enviable client portfolio. We provide a full range of elearning services including bespoke elearning courseware and learning management system (LMS) platform deployment. Through a team of dedicated professionals we consistently exceed our client’s expectations. We now have a vacancy for a talented PHP developer to join our growing team . Key responsibilities: You will work as part of our development team assisting with the development of the LMS. This will involve both development and deployment support. Your responsibilities will include: LMS installations and upgrades. LMS theme designs and builds. Developing bespoke customisations within the LMS. Technical support for our LMS helpdesk. Working alongside project managers and other colleagues as part of the project team. Liaising directly with clients. Requirements: You will possess a computer science degree or equivalent recognised qualification. You will have extensive PHP5 and MySQL development experience, sound problem solving skills and a passion for technology. Essential requirements :  PHP5  Candidate should have at least 2 years commercial experience.  MySQL  Experience in writing complex queries.  XHTML / CSS /JQuery – Demonstrable skills with front end web technologies.  IIS/Apache web servers.  Ability to work as an effective team member.  Strong organisational skills and ability to prioritise own workload. Desirable requirements: Moodle LMS experience.  Experience of working with and customising an open source Content Management System.  MySQL server setup and configuration.  Photoshop and general awareness of user interface design. HTML5/CSS3. Exposure to mobile platform technologies would be advantageous too. Other Information: The role is available for immediate start. The role will be based at Dynamic’s offices on the Harewood Estate. This role is full time **** hour working week, MondayFriday. 25 days holiday and all UK Bank Holidays. Free parking. Healthcare scheme. Childcare voucher scheme. How to apply: To apply in the first instance, please send your CV and a short covering letter. Prospective candidates will be required to complete a job application, answer assessment questions and attend interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PHPMoodleDeveloper_job****