Title: Web Analyst
Webindex: 62006330
Company: MBN Recruitment
Description: My client, a well regarded digital advertising agency based in London are in search for an experienced Web Analyst to join their team. This role will support the client services team by analysing web traffic to produce reports relating to outcomes and clear, actionable insights into the performance of our clients campaigns and websites. You will be working with some of the UK's biggest brand names providing actionable insight. Tasks: Create holistic dashboards by pulling data from different data sources and websites for presentations to senior management team. Measuring success of SEM (Search Engine Marketing) / PPC (Pay Per Click) and SEO (Search Engine Optimization) strategies. Collaborate with external partners to assist with data collection and reporting. Exhibit a high level of expertise in driving the data strategy across multiple listening posts (websites, surveys, testing, market research etc). Advise on the appropriate measurement methods and metrics for new campaigns. Typical Deliverables: Weekly, monthly reports (Excel, Omniture, Powerpoint, etc.) Coordinating tags, tracking parameter implementations. Documentation relating to existing processes and suggestion / presentations for improving those developments. Provide recommendations on improvement of marketing efficiencies and effectiveness Participate and support in delivering results and presentations to clients Leadership Skills: Works effectively both independently and as a member of the insights team (Team of ****). Manages two team members and reports to the Insight Manager Uses sound judgment to identify issues and escalates when appropriate. Learns from mistakes, takes action to apply the learnings and provides team feedback. Contribute to improvements in processes (technical or business) used. Key contributor to decisions beyond specific scope of role. Technical Skills: At least 18 months experience of working with analytical software (e.g. Omniture SiteCatalyst, Google Analytics) Some experience in advanced web analytics methodologies such as experimentation and testing Advanced Excel skills: at least Pivot tables, Lookup functions, suitable macro and VBA Good working knowledge of JavaScript, PHP and SQL (desirable but not essential) Understanding of (and passion to learn about) the technical aspects of web analytics, SEO conversion optimisation Some expertise with Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau, Business Objects Functional Skills: Using strong analytical skills provides insights as well as recommendations for changes Convinces key decision makers of business benefits of the proposed solutions. Handles multiple tasks, switches priorities and focuses as needed. Exhibits high degree of proactiveness in analysing customer behaviour using available data to influence changes on websites. Understands the complex web ecosystems and best practices and applies this knowledge to their work. Collaborates on creation of development route for the team For more information please contact **** **** joshua.smithmbnrecruitment.com