Title: Test, Analyst, Online, Automation, Junior, Web, Kent
Webindex: 68350869
Description: Test, Analyst, Online, Automation, Junior, Web, Kent A leading fashion retailer to looking to hire a several test analyst to join their Kent based team. The successful candidates will be working on a the high transactional website. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a fast paced, expanding, fun, and technical environment in a company that offers genuine career progression and opportunities to develop technical skill set. The successful candidate must have solid testing experience, with knowledge of open source testing tools such as Selenium, and an experience of working in Java. Experience in the ecommerce domain is preferable. Required skills:  Java experience is required  Strong experience in Selenium  Test NG is desirable  Proven experience in carrying out the full testing function in Linux/PHP/MySQL environment  Web based testing experience If you have the relevant experience and are interested in finding out more information then please get in touch with Rose at or call on **** **** **** in full confidence. All information is confidential and no applications will be made on your behalf prior to a full briefing on the position. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 