Title: Operational Test Analyst
Webindex: 67903585
Company: Accenture
Description: Operational Test Analyst Accenture UK  Outsourcing workforce Newcastle upon Tyne ****K (depending on experience), plus excellent benefits package We are currently seeking an Operational Test Analyst who is looking for an exciting and challenging career with Accenture  an employer that enables you to make a real difference. What s in it for you? Choose Accenture for a career, where the variety of opportunities and challenges allows you to make a difference every day. A place where you can develop your expertise working with the best people worldwide in a dynamic, teamfocused environment. The only place where you can use your skills to provide highquality, longterm services for our Global Fortune **** clients, helping them achieve high performance. If this is your idea of a typical working day, then Accenture is the place to be. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialised skills faster to help tailor your career plan. On top of this, we have an extensive benefits package which includes ****5 days vacation per year, a gym subsidy, private medical insurance and **** extra days leave per year for charitable work of your choice. The Role The role is for an Operational Test Analyst working from the Newcastle office. The role involves ownership of specific areas under test, test execution, analysis of results and closure activities. Key responsibilities include Detailed analysis of the software solutions Carrying out Operational Test execution and analysis to prove functionality Identifying code defects through test execution Evidence gathering throughout execution to demonstrate test success Providing detailed status reports into the Test Management for own areas of work Close working with Development teams Qualifications Key Skills include: Ability to manage own time Ability to work as a team member Ability to work creatively and analytically in a problemsolving environment Desire to work in an information systems environment Good oral and written communication skills Flexibility IT, Engineering, Maths related degree to a minimum of ****:2 OR relevant testing experience Experience of Unix, SQL and Maestro (desirable but not mandatory) Experience of Microsoft Word and Excel (mandatory) Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Closing date for applications 25th February 2013. Accenture reserves the right to close the role prior to this date should a suitable applicant be found