Title: Deployment / Configuration / Implementation Manager  London
Webindex: 71566060
Company: People Source Consulting.
Description: Deployment / Configuration / Implementation Manager  London Leading retail marketing company in West London require a new Implementation and Deployment Manager to control the configuration and deployment of new software relases. You will bridge the gap between technology and the business while controlling the release of new products. As Implementation Manager overall responsibility will be to manage a smooth release of new products from when the development is complete through testing, user acceptance and golive. You will be the link between the business, product owners, external clients and the technical teams. A solid understanding of the .NET framework is required (maybe you used to be a developer), while there will be no straight developing responsibilities you still will be technical hands on. Along with involvement in the technical teams you will also be required to provide business input and excellent customer service. The company are a multinational marketing organisation who is the leaders in their industry. Based in their modern office in West London you will qualify for the excellent benefits package. Skills required: Experience of managing the configuration and deploymetn of appications Solid .NET deployment experience Skills with RDBMS  Oracle or SQL Server Skills with automation tool (MSBuild, Nant) A keen interest in software delivery and development Excellent communication skills and the ability to interact with all areas of the business Confident decision making skills The ability to manage heavy workloads and prioritise effectively On offer is a permanent role with a dynamic and growing organisation. People Source Consulting is a specialist IT recruitment firm with a focus on ethical recruitment. Please apply now to Graham Wallace or call **** **** This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DeploymentConfigurationImplementationManagerLondon_job****