Title: Principal Consultant – PERM
Webindex: 67656711
Company: Fusion Experience
Description: Principal Consultant – PERM South East **** Ref: JZ3452 My client is a large IT Consultancy based in the South East. They need two (2) experienced Principal Consultant to fill Permanent positions with a salary of up to ****K  Benefits One role is in the Workspace Mobility domain and the second is in ITSM Managed Services The Principle Consultant is recognised as a thought leader and mentor to the customer as well as the Companies Delivery Team. The Principle Consultant is responsible for the high quality delivery of Consulting Services to our customers and works within a designated Practice area within the UK Delivery team. Responsibilities will include but not be limited to:  Ensure customer service delivery adheres to documented agreements and Statement of Works. Able to manage client relationships and build consensus and trust in delivery. Coach others on client agenda and customer ownership  Ensure individual utilisation target on billable engagements is achieved  Ensure individual delivery responsibilities on billable engagements are achieved  Ensure team delivery responsibilities on billable engagements are achieved, through technical ownership of the engagement  Articulate the value of the services to clients’ technical staff; demonstrate the ability of the services to solve customer problems  Consulting Craft: Demonstrate proficiency within areas of subject matter expertise, written/verbal communication, presentation, facilitation, interviewing, and delivery. Serve effectively in project leadership roles on all engagements. Follow project norms and guide others to achieve both individual and teambased goals  Develop new techniques, processes and standards; Track industry developments for new tools and techniques  Provide leadership and support to Project Managers, Engagement Partners and project teams to ensure quality delivery and client satisfaction. Serves as a role model for others to follow. Able to take and deliver against expectations of lead project roles. Leads/drives efforts to mentor or train others You will have strong client relationship management experience, at least at Client PM Level along with proven experience as a successful technical infrastructure consultant with client relationship management, technical pre/postsales experience, and exposure to people management Please apply online with most recent CV. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PrincipalConsultantPERM_job****