Title: IT Project Manager  Applications Development (IT, Management, Project Management, Application Development)
Webindex: 67803249
Description: IT Project Manager  Applications Development (IT, Management, Project Management, Application Development) Location: Newport Salary: ****  ****(plus pension and benefits) Key Skills: IT, Project Management, Management, Prince **** Oracle, Java, Agile, DSDM/Atern, RAD, Rational, SAS About Us Our Information Management team, ****30strong over two sites, has a hugely important part to play in modernising and streamlining the Office for National Statistics. And as we develop as a team, so will your career. We'll invest in your personal and professional development, and we'll support and finance accredited qualifications and chartered status. For the Office for National Statistics, people count. Whether that's the people across the country whose lives our work helps to shape, or the people who work here, producing vital statistics that informs decision making in our society and economy. We achieve results by investing in the people who work with us, rewarding their contribution and enabling a better work/life balance. We're a welcoming and friendly community of professionals, we respect each other and we're very social. We've some impressive onsite facilities too, including a gym, coffee shop, even a hairdresser. About the role As you would expect, our projects are business critical and we need the best managers to ensure successful delivery. In this key role as an IT Project Manager, you'll be responsible for the definition, documentation and successful delivery of applications for complex projects. You'll be used to working to agreed standards for quality, timescale and costs with business project managers and project boards. You'll be responsible for delivering the project's technology component and, in your capacity as the project lead, managing relationships as the main point of contact between customer and contractor organisations. About you The IT Project Manager  Applications Development will have excellent communication skills, proven project planning and management skills and ideally be PRINCE 2 qualified. As an Application Project Manager you'll have led an IT Team through a significant project, including projects using Oracle and Java. Experience and knowledge of modern development methods and tools such as Agile, DSDM/Atern, RAD and Rational are highly desirable, as is experience of statistical technologies such as SAS. A flexible approach to travel for work purposes is essential. Apply For more information about us and our jobs and in order to apply for the role as IT Project Manager  Applications Development please click the apply button Closing Date: 10th of February