Title: Manufacturing Operations Manager (Heavy Engineering)
Webindex: 65154533
Company: DMS 
Description: Manufacturing Operations Manager (Heavy Engineering) An opportunity has arisen for a Manufacturing Manager to join our Engineering, Design and Manufacturing team. We are a progressive company with a strong proven background in renewable energy systems, waste process solutions process heavy plant and machinery, Fabrication and Welding. A Welding and Manufacturing background within heavy engineering arena is a must. We offer an exciting and stable career, the opportunity to further your development along with a varied working atmosphere. Responsibilities Candidate will be responsible for all employees in manufacturing and quality functions. Direct responsibility for scheduling production jobs to support commercial projects that have strict due dates. This position will be accountable for coordinating the Engineering programming, planning, and purchasing needs to support the production requirements for the department. Associated tasks of this candidate and / or those directly reporting to candidate include: resource planning, cost and schedule control, and measuring department performance for safety, customer service, quality, and productivity. Promote waste reduction programs that meet our objectives. Develop a highly motivated and technically qualified workforce that provides promotional opportunities and advanced technical capabilities. Able to lead a team in process improvements/implementation. Health & Safety and continuous development. Working with the IMS Quality Management System, looking at Continuous Improvement within the Organisation. You will be a Degree qualified  or similar  Mechanical Engineer, Candidate should also have a minimum of 58 years of extensive managerial experience in, a heavy engineering environment with demonstrated leadership skills. Possess strong analytical and technical skills required to understand business practices and recommend proper improvement opportunities. Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills for effective interface with all internal and external contacts. Working knowledge of Microsoft PC software, Production practices and Manufacturing techniques in a Fabrication environment. Any pressure vessel and /or renewables background would be a bonus. manufacturing manager production mechanical engineer heavy engineering