Title: IT Quality & Assurance Coordinator (Major Law Firm)  Central Leeds, W
Webindex: 72160481
Company: Carter Personnel Consultants Limited
Description: IT Quality Assurance Coordinator, ITIL, Administrative Support, Service Review Requests, Change Management Administration, LANDesk, Infra, Major National Law Firm, Central Leeds, West Yorkshire. A brand new opportunity has just arisen with a leading International Law Firm calling upon the skills of an experienced Quality Assurance (QA) Coordinator to join a busy national IT team. Working from the Leeds office but supporting offices throughout the UK the appointed individual will be required to provide a high level of administrative support to the Q A team and the Head of IT Operations. In addition to general administrative responsibilities supporting the QA Analysts, Manager and Head of IT Operations you will be required to perform the following tasks: o Assume responsibility for the Change Management administration, including maintenance of the Forward Schedule of Change, Change Agenda and minute the weekly Change Advisory Board meetings. o Assist with the implementation of the Change Management module within Infra v**** o Monitor the CMDB and ensure that information is accurate and up to date. o Provide a monthly report of all changes to the Head of IT Operations. o Manage monitor software licenses via LANDesk. o Process all Non Standard Software Requests. o Provide Infra training on Call Management to new starters. The client requires applications from candidates with recent experience of performing a similar role, most likely as part of a large corporate organisation. You will be well organised with proven experience of Change Management and Software Licence administration as part of a previous role. Strong interpersonal and communication skills are considered vital. This is an excellent opportunity to join a vibrant International law firm offering a good salary and scope for career progression within a large IT team. To apply please forward a CV and indication of salary expectations. Carter Personnel Consultants Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.