Title: GRADUATE/TRAINEE PROGRAM SUPPORT CONSULTANT
Webindex: 72547475
Company: hiredonline
Description: Our client are looking to recruit a bright, motivated Graduate/Trainee Programming Support Consultant, to work within their Software Support Team based at their StourportonSevern office in Worcestershire. The Role: The Graduate/Trainee Programming Support Consultant will be required to learn a wide range of products including their business accounting suite prof.ITplus, Business Intelligence, CRM and our Ecommerce platform. You will be working in a team of support consultants and the role will be supported by a comprehensive training plan including one to one training, workshops, ongoing mentoring and secondments into all areas of the Software Company. Support Consultants will raise calls, evaluating the support call(s) before either responding or referring for a fix, or to fix, this will be subject to the internal planning of tasks set on a daily/weekly basis. Ideally the successful candidate will have a recent degree in a computer related subject such as Computer Science or Information Technology and be able to demonstrate experience of hands on programming and database work, including experience with Java, HTML, PHP etc. This is an excellent career opportunity for a candidate with good communication and problem solving skills. You are offered an attractive salary package, including private healthcare, 33 days holiday and a professional working environment. This is an exciting opportunity for a Graduate/Trainee Programming Support Consultant to join a well established, fast paced IT Company, challenging the successful candidate to further their personal and professional development in key programming and customer service skills. To apply for this role, please simply send your CV via the apply button shown. Hiredonline will provide our Client with your full details so that they can consider whether you may be suitable for the vacancy advertised. Your details as submitted by you, will only be used in conjunction with this vacancy and by applying for this position you accept that your CV and covering letter will be passed to a third party (our Client). By submitting your details, you give express consent to us using your details for this purpose