Title: Senior Technical Business Analyst  Online/Mobile/Product/NET
Webindex: 68627340
Company: Cornwallis Elt Ltd
Description: SENIOR TECHNICAL BUSINESS ANALYST ONLINE/MOBILE/PRODUCT/.NET This is an exciting opportunity for a Senior Technical Business Analyst to join a global publisher based in London. This role will focus on an exciting global project to bring over **** websites onto one enterprise level system.The Senior Technical Business Analyst will be working to enrich their current platform with new functionalities such as mobile and improved Front End definition. The Senior Technical Business Analyst will ensure business requirements feed into the development team and are developed in such a way as to meet the objectives of the Programmes and the Business. A big part of this role will be to understand business process and technical issues from customers and work with technical teams to find solutions. Ideal candidates will need substantial online experience in a Business Analysis and/or Business Change role and will need excellent business analysis skills to translate user requirements into solution needs, and the ability to interpret written requirements and technical specification documents. Key points for the Senior Technical Business Analyst:  Deep experience creating complex web applications (.NET Framework)  Experience working with developers. The Senior Technical Business Analyst will be the sole point of contact for the development team, and will need to be able to relay and translate information from the technical requirements and technical specifications  Demonstrable experience building products on a platform with multiple customers. Being able to meet the needs of different customers from one consolidated platform Senior Technical Business Analysts who match the above description should get in touch for more information and how to apply. In return, successful candidates will get the opportunity to work in a supportive and dynamic working environment, with the chance for professional growth. Cornwallis Elt is an Employment Agency and has been listed 3 times in The Sunday Times Virgin Fast Track **** of the UK`s fastest growing private companies, as well as in the Recruitment International Top 250, Top 50 in IT and the Recruiter Fast 50.