Title: Customer Analysis SAS Consultant
Webindex: 71307056
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Customer Analysis SAS Consultant, SAS Base, SAS Macro, SQL, SAS AF My client is looking for a SAS Consultant who will be responsible for developing, maintaining and automating key SAS generated routines within the analysis function of the clients marketing department. You will be involved i:  Extracting marketing lists in defined layouts and formats.  Developing automated postcampaign reporting.  Creation of analytical data sets for the analysis team supporting projects  Analytical projects  Documentation of all processes and routines. Experience in marketing and campaign environments is required to be selected for this role. Additional skills in SAS AF, data querying tools like ALterian or Viper, SQL Programming, propensity modelling and segmentation would be beneficial. Customer Analysis SAS Consultant, SAS Base, SAS Macro, SQL, SAS AF Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CustomerAnalysisSASConsultant_job****