Title: IT AUDIT EXECUTIVE  London
Webindex: 71240782
Company: Warner Scott Recruitment
Description: A progressive IT Audit job  an international accounting firm are currently looking for an exceptional IT Auditor to join their fastexpanding Risk division within their Central London office. As an IT Audit Executive you will provide the advice necessary to help both internal and external audit clients manage IT risk. To deliver objective, valueadded solutions that will enable clients to strengthen IT internal controls and governance processes, implement sound organisational strategies, increase technological capabilities and improve their operational efficiency. To work as part of the team, effectively providing a hands on advisory service that exceeds client expectations and supports the Partner/Senior Manager team. In turn, you will have the opportunity to play pivotal role within a growing team, work alongside a wide range of key organisations and develop your career within a truly progressive and a reputable organisation. Main Responsibilities: Attend external events to create networks and potential new opportunities. Involved in office marketing events, is an &39ambassador&39 of the firm demonstrating knowledge of its products and services. Develop contacts within other service lines in the firm. Take responsibility for building and maintaining good working relationships with all clients. Assist the manager in developing audit committee papers. Develop informal networks to keep abreast of emerging issues. Be an approachable and respected member of the team who takes a proactive interest in the team&39s performance and well being. Assist in staff development, motivating and coaching trainees by giving regular feedback and promptly competing assignment appraisals. Provide inputs to all assignment appraisals for junior staff, and also completes self job appraisal and sixmonthly forms on a timely basis. Attend training courses as identified in order to develop both technical and personal skills and keeps records for CPD purposes. Adhere to firm&39s risk management policies. To be considered for the role, you must possess the following: Essential Skills Maths and English Language at GCSE or equivalent Relevant IT audit qualification (CISA,QiCA,CISM etc) Technical awareness and auditing experience of common operating systems, financial applications, and underlying databases. Evidence of experience in IT auditing and risk management. Evidence of experience of preparing and delivering presentations. Desirable Skills First time passes at each stage of professional exams. Undergraduate degree or equivalent with a minimum **** class. Qualified Accountant. Experience in applying Computer Assisted Audit Tools (CAATs) such as IDEA/ACL on audit engagements. Technical awareness of specific Enterprise Resource Planning systems such as SAP, Oracle EBS, and Microsoft Dynamics AX. Awareness and experience in applying recognised IT audit/governance frameworks such as Cobit, ITIL,Prince **** Experience of assessing Information Governance within the NHS sector, in particular, experience of working with the Information Governance toolkit. Experience of working within the local government sector and exposure to council tax and revenue collection systems. Awareness of Government information security guidelines, in particular, Code of Connection for local government bodies.&nbsp APPLY NOW