Title: Chief Technology Officer
Webindex: 65894742
Company: Stephen James Consulting
Description: Chief Technology Officer ****k  ****k  Bonus Richmond, Greater London Chief Technology Officerrequired for a growing software house (MS Gold Partner) based in Richmond, Greater London. The company develops a number of key products for the government and private sector contracts across Europe. Reporting to the CEO, this fundamental hire will sit on the Operational Board. Key Responsibilities: Technical Delivery Performance – plan, manage, coordinate and implement all aspects of the Company’s Technical delivery obligations to its clients ensuring the Company compliments the technical resource required to deliver with the requisite technical tools Product Development – innovate, plan, manage and implement all product and Technical changes to ensure the portfolio matures and transforms in line with the Company’s strategy direction as well as market place and client demand. Client Engagement – participate, either directly or through Technical delivery channels, with the business to engage with the client base, both existing and prospective, to ensure the product portfolio is promoted in keeping with the Company proposition and messaging. Financial Management  develop a financial model that enables the role to assume full P L responsibility and increases the predictability and visibility of all Technical delivery functions to the business. The ideal candidate will possess the following skills and experience: Experienced CTO fulfilling a Board level position with a career history of delivering the role in a technology focused and driven organisation. Experience of various web based technologies along with end to end product and delivery. Have an excellent level of understanding in the use and principles of technology products and specifically to drive improvement and business performance efficiency is essential. Extensive experience in man management is key ideally with demonstrable experience in structuring and incentivising a number of teams to work in a complimentary way that delivers a progressive and forward looking Technical or product. Coming from a strong hands on web development background is a key essential This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ChiefTechnologyOfficer_job****