Title: Manager of Strategic Programmes EMEA – Pharmaceuticals
Webindex: 71432055
Company: Wellington Professional Recruitment
Description: Manager of Strategic Programmes EMEA – Pharmaceuticals This is an exciting new role that has been created to lead and manage a portfolio of business improvement initiatives across Europe for the commercial areas of this outstanding global business. Reporting to the Group Director of Strategic Programmes in the USA, your key areas of responsibility will include Sales, Marketing, Customer Services and Education to enable topline revenue growth and win market share.The projects will have significant crossdivision and panEuropean strategic impact and as such you will be required to provide management direction and leadership regarding scope, value, approach, resourcing, organisational change, methodology and architecture. Ultimately, the Strategic Programme Manager will be accountable for onbudget, ontime and ontarget delivery of their portfolio of initiatives. Key role and responsibilities include:  Deliver panEuropean Commercial Services programmes and projects ontime, inscope and onbudget.  Coordinate with the Enterprise Project Management Office, Account Managers and IS Delivery teams to successfully deliver commercial information service programmes and projects.  Develop value proposition and business case for change to justify capital expenditure.  Work with Enterprise Architecture and delivery teams to ensure solutions are scalable and flexible.  Ensure organisational readiness and IT preparation ready to support, manage and maintain solutions at Go Live.  Ensure Compliance with all QA processes.  Manage all contract and **** rd party resources to guarantee successful implementation.  Establish, motivate and engage high performance project teams.  Accountable for multiple projects ranging between $120m USD Education and Experience Pan European implementation experience is essential with strong knowledge of CRM projects – candidates who have not been involved in full end to end CRM Implementations need not apply. Knowledge of Sales Force Effectiveness and Digital Media projects such as eDetailing and iPad Apps development. Experience in either Pharmaceutical or Medical Device Industry is essential. Ideally you will have a bachelor’s degree in computer sciences, engineering, information systems, business administration or equivalent. MSc or MBA would be desirable but not essential. Proven track record in successfully managing largescale IT/IS transformation/business improvement initiatives from initial idea through to benefit realisation on a European scale. Expert knowledge of project and programme management methodologies. SAP or ERP integration experience is desirable. Strong Communication skills in English are essential and fluency in one or more other European language such as French, German or Spanish is highly desirable. What’s on offer: To accompany this unique opportunity to grow your skills and talents within an outstanding global company there is a generous salary, company car allowance, private medical and healthcare and substantial pension contribution scheme. This will be a fantastic role and for the right individual, it will be a real game changer as far as career and personal progression is concerned.To hear more about this opportunity, contact Scott Sherriden or apply on the link below. Please note that WPR is acting as an Agency on behalf of our Client. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ManagerofStrategicProgrammesEMEAPharmaceuticals_job****