Title: VB6 Developer
Webindex: 72447049
Company: Creative Personnel
Description: Application Support Develoer VB6 Developer Richmond Surrey ****  **** Do you enjoy working with VB6? Do you enjoy the support side of development? This could be the ideal role for you  To provide fully tested code fixes / enhancements within a timely manner adhering to SLA`s  To provide second line technical support for software applications and products developed by our clients.  The role will be to support our Clients in an efficient manner with clear instruction and diagnosis to ensure the issue is dealt with promptly and adeptly  The likely candidate will have several years` experience in a customer facing technical role. Duties and Responsibilities  To maintain complex client / server code, quickly identifying and resolving the root cause of any issues.  To provide coding support in VB6, VB.net, C and C++.  To read, write and run complex SQL queries.  To maintain applications by identifying, providing workarounds and correctly documenting software defects.  To test changes efficiently and fully.  To provide second line technical support to external customers, assisting them with our suite of software solutions.  To provide detailed documentary evidence of all communication, code fixes, enhancements and resolutions.  To maintain a high degree of customer service for all support queries and adhere to all service management principles.  To take ownership of problems and demonstrate a desire to resolve problems for the customer.  To be able to balance and prioritise their own work load. Skills Required  Excellent VB6 and VB.net Skills (Winforms)  Excellent SQL knowledge  Ability to interpret written and spoken requirements  Flexible attitude, ability to perform under pressure  Ability to work well within a team  Excellent communication skills  Able to follow procedures  Able to work in flexible changing environment  Good customer service skills  A strong Technical aptitude  The ability to cover for 1st line This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/VB6Developer_job****