Title: Senior R D Engineer
Webindex: 66925547
Company: Interaction Finance
Description: Role and Responsibilities: Do technical research and development on multiple platforms including Windows, Mac and Android. Develop application for desktop, web and smart devices. Develop prototypes. Design new systems and enhance existing systems. Interact with Sales, Marketing and Business to understand the requirements, understand and estimate the work and deliver on time as per the requirements. Code, debug, test, and document routine application programs. Verify that system meets nonfunctional criteria. Assist with design, maintenance, documentation, and testing of software. Skills and Experience Requirements: Good experience of developing web, desktop and smart devices application with multiple technologies like .Net and Java. Experienced in working on Windows, Mac and Android application with proven skills of developing Windows applications (web/desktop), iPhone apps and Android apps. Experienced in doing research and development. Good understanding of using Silverlight and ASP .Net. Working experience of Microsoft SQL Server and strong understanding of Relational Database Management tools. Working experience of SVN. Experience of complex problem resolution and ability to work towards tight deadlines. Demonstrated ability to quickly apply new knowledge and skills to solutions. Knowledge of programming methodologies, standards and design patterns. Proven ability to design and develop large scale, complex applications. Ability to define and perform unit testing with exposure to testing. Investigate and resolve issues in development, test and production environments. Selfmotivated with proven ability to work well as part of development team. Ability to effectively balance workload and priorities. Ability to work under pressure. Advantage: Degree Level Education Experience of the retail environment, retail software, especially EPOS. The post attracts a starting salary of up to **** with up to 26 days holiday per annum, benefits and pension scheme after a qualifying period