Title: Junior Systems Administrator
Webindex: 68091973
Company: Scott Merrick Associates
Description: Junior Systems Administrator  Financial research and support company are looking for high calibre graduates to join their Systems Team in providing support to all aspects of the company's systems. The company are looking for candidates that MUST hold a University degree at 2:**** or higher from a top university and strong ALevel results equivalent or better to **** B's. The ideal Junior Systems Administrator will have a real passion for IT and will ideally have 12 years experience in a IT support type role. (and no more than 4 years IT experience). This is an excellent opportunity for somebody wishing to forge a successful career in IT with plenty of potential for career growth and development. The successful candidate will be dealing with a wide range of technologies and will have to take on responsibility in looking after the company systems and responding to alerts. Responsibilities will include: Monitoring complex inhouse systems and the automated trading systems Active Directory and Microsoft Exchange Management Desktop PC upgrades and deployments, including Windows XP and Windows 7 Server upgrades and deployments, including Server **** and 2008 Server and Workstation hardware, diagnostics and repair Security issues, including boundary protection and AV alerts Software upgrades, including trading and general infra applications Backup infrastructure and disaster recovery plans Perl scripts and Powershell cmdlets to automate daily tasks Website design and continual updating of our inhouse systems Sharepoint and other major server applications Experience of Windows 7 desktop and Windows 2008 Server, standard server and Workstation hardware, Linux infrastructure, networking and major desktop applications such as Microsoft Office will all be of benefit. You will be working with senior team members from whom you can learn and develop skills. The company offers a fantastic work environment which encourages creativity and offers a salary that rivals any top flight financial institution. Further information n the role of Junior Systems Administrator is available upon receipt of CV subject to suitability. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JuniorSystemsAdministrator_job****