Title: Business Analysts
Webindex: 68687309
Company: Robert Half   Hammersmith
Description: The Company Due to an internal promotion, my client a market leader in Publishing is looking to hire a Business Analyst to join their Management Information Team. The purpose of this role is principally to provide a comprehensive support resource and data analysis in all areal of Management and Financial accounting in order to fulfil all internal and external reporting requirements. The Role The main responsibilities of the role are to Assist with timely and accurate weekly and monthly reporting incorporating a detailed analysis and understanding of the components of revenue and expenditure. Resource planning and capacity planning using multiple databases. To prepare and maintain weekly KPI reports for London and communicate these results weekly to the senior management team. Create Weekly flash reports Ad hoc financial and management analysis. General ledger journal preparation. Assisting with preparation of Divisional and Departmental Profit Loss accounts. Regular daily, weekly and monthly business activity and exception reporting. Development of Excel reporting models. Assisting with the preparation of year end accounts. The ideal candidate for this role will be able to demonstrate a proven record in data manipulation and analytical review and looking to develop their career in a progressive business. You will have an analytical approach to problem solving, good system skills. Ability to perform data queries with multiple databases.Skilled with the ability to build relationships with all levels of staff.Must have advanced Excel skills : if statements, lookups, and pivot tables Salary Benefits Salary: ****k per annum plus full study support 5 weeks annual leave Contributory pension and life assurance scheme Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessAnalysts_job****