Title: Experienced Software Engineer
Webindex: 72546897
Company: Premiere People
Description: Job Title: Experienced Software Engineer Location: Birmingham, West Midlands Salary: ****k****k DOE We are seeking experienced Software Engineers for our Clients main base in Birmingham. Our Client are one of the world s leading innovators in CADCAM technology. They operate on a international scale over 80 countries serving **** customers They are the largest product developer of product development software in the UK designing systems that are used to solve complex product design and manufacturing problems in a variety of industries from automotive through to Medical. As part of one of the fastestgrowing companies in the CADCAM industry, you will work alongside more than **** other developers in a challenging and rewarding environment, Using your existing skills and experience. Working using your own initiative to develop innovative solutions to meet customers demands for software and enhance it. You will work on code writing in C++ and using ancillary tools, such as C, Visual Basic, HTML. Ongoing training and support in CADCAM will be given. Person Description 3 years Experience in designing software programs in C++ is essential, ideally gained from within a technicallychallenging software development environment. Experience of application Programming Experience of Microsoft Windows platforms you will have a first or upper second class degrees in Maths, Engineering, Physics or Computer Science from a top University AB Grades in A levels in Maths or, Science, physics or a relevant subject Have a real enthusiasm for software development for cuttingedge applications. To work in a team or on your own using initiative Have a willingness to learn and develop yourself further Knowledge or Experience of CADCAM would be beneficial however not a requirement Benefits and reward competitive salaries, A company pension scheme, Flexible working, private medical cover, annual bonus scheme to enable all our staff to share in our success. social activities