Title: PMO Project Support Officer
Webindex: 69865851
Company: Interquest Group
Description: PMO Project Support Officer Sand Resources is looking for a specialist Project support officer to work in a fast paced Educational environment on an urgent IT project. The PMO will be responsible for providing project administration and support for the information services division on a large projects. The purpose is to permit the relevant project manager and project team to devote additional time to the responsibilities of their role. Additionally, the Project Support Officer will coordinate the delivery of small projects or Selfcontained stages of larger projects, to meet the deliverable requirements within Identified timescale, cost and defined quality standards and to the satisfaction of project Stakeholders. PMO Project support Officer Essential criteria •Converse with key stakeholders to maintain positive and open dialogue with stakeholders and ensure they are fully aware of progress and issues •Maintain formal and informal dialogue throughout the project •Monitoring and reporting project expenditure against the project budget •Report to Project Board so that they are fully aware of Servicing Project and Programme Board Meetings •Supporting the chair and board members to ensure all preparation and followup •Activities are completed as efficiently as possible, including advising on agenda items, production and circulation of action plans and drafting of meeting minutes. •Arranging other projectrelated events, Managing all room bookings for project activities such as requirements workshops, team meetings and presentations, circulating invitations to events and collating responses, Planning an advance schedule of meetings in Progress •Undertaking project communications •Creating project web site pages in conjunction with the ISD communications function and uploading agreed content to them; proactively maintaining content in response to project developments; planning and coordinating project communication activity, including creating and maintaining project mailing lists, drafting and circulating project Communications, and dealing with responses, analysing and presenting results. •Creating and maintaining project data repositories (in conjunction with others) •Designing and creating SharePoint Team sites for projects in accordance with ISD standards and establishing and maintaining an appropriate SharePoint security model •An understanding of the full project lifecycle from preproject activities through to closure and post project review. •High degree of literacy and numeracy and ability to draft correspondence, reports and minutes clearly and succinctly PMO Project support Officer Desirable •Qualification in PRINCE**** at either Foundation or Practitioner level. •Web content management knowledge such as Silva •Knowledge and experience of Microsoft SharePoint administration Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy.