Title: Senior SQL/BI Developer  Leeds  ****K
Webindex: 69160389
Company: Computer Futures
Description: My client are looking for a senior BI Developer to join their team, with the potential to move into an architect position within 12 months. This position will require someone with excellent business intelligence experience using the MS BI Stack, specifically with strong SSRS, SSIS, SSAS. Duties:  The BI Developer will provide an integrated engagement model for services and deliverables from the data management solutions team (Data Analysis, Data Modeling, ETL, Data Warehouse, Data Marts, BI Solutions, Database Administration Etc.).  The BI developer will develop SSIS packages and create reports using SSRS.  The BI developer will do dimension modeling and create cubes using SSAS.  The BI developer will Identify consolidation and retirement opportunities for data sources, define a migration strategy for applications towards the target state Skills required:  45 years of experience with multiple large scale implementations of RDBMS and Data Warehouses.  Demonstrated architecture, design and delivery experience in the full lifecycle of data. o Data sourcing from multiple source systems using ETL and other means. o Defining data quality KPIs, constructing and implementing data quality rules. o Modeling skills  Conceptual, logical, dimensional and physical data modeling. o Data Warehouse design and load. o Building Data Marts and constructing BI reports  Experience with very large databases  Selfstarter with teamwork skills  This is a position in a group that will require working closely across multiple stakeholders in technology and business.  Demonstrated ability to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously  Experience with Microsoft BI Tools (SSIS, SSRS and SSAS).  Experience with MDX query language. This is a brilliant opportunity to progress your career in Microsoft BI, and also offers a fantastic salary package of up to **** per annum in addition to an excellent and industry leading benefits package. For information on the client, further details on the package and/or a full job description please submit a recent CV marked for the attention of Chris Reilly and/or call on **** **** **** To find out more about Computer Futures please visit www.computerfutures.com