Title: Product Manager – **** month FTC
Webindex: 68360726
Company: Fasthosts Internet Ltd
Description: Fasthosts is one of the fastest growing technology businesses in the UK. As a growing SME in this rapid moving internet industry, we offer fantastic careers, creating real opportunities for candidates wishing to become part of an ambitious team. Fasthosts has a successful track record and proven business model in providing high value, award winning products. This is an exciting time to join our innovative company, operating in a dynamic market. As Product Manager, you will work within our product team ensuring all new products or changes are fully specified across the business. Understanding the roadmap and opportunities for product development, from a technical and customer requirement point of view, is vital. You will be a key driver to the successful growth of the business. This role is a full time **** month fixed term contract with the potential to be made permanent. Responsibilities: • To work through the product roadmap, researching and creating detailed product requirements. These are used by the technical and commercial teams for product delivery and go to market initiatives • To drive the initial product specification or requirement and create a formal product specification, ensuring that all departments affected by the change are fully scoped and included • Manage the expectations of stakeholders for each product development • Have an indepth knowledge of our competitors and customers • Support driving company revenue targets and/or improve the customer experience Measures of Performance: • Delivery of completed projects on time and within budget • Sales and revenue of new product launches and upgrades • Project evaluation and recommendations post launch • Quality of risk assessments and management Skills and Experience: You will have extensive Product Management experience ideally within the technology or software industry. This will include technical knowledge of development and infrastructure based environments and an understanding of project management process. You will have strong leadership skills and the ability to work in a varied work environment. Essential: (highly skilled) • Strong technical knowledge (servers, shared web hosting, hosted applications) • Clear understanding and knowledge of product life cycles • Ability to coordinate multiple tasks (commercial, technical, operational) • Experience of managing new product launches • Commercial awareness skills • A proven ability to work off own initiative • Excellent communication skills, able to work with internal external customers Desirable: • Previous experience of multiple and international product launches is advantageous • Experience and knowledge of web hosting companies and services • Knowledge of software development We are looking to recruit immediately so if you think this is the role for you and have the attributes listed, can you please send us your CV indicating your current salary package to careersfasthosts.com No agencies please This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProductManager****monthFTC_job****