Title: Head Of IT (Renewables)
Webindex: 68181606
Company: En Spiral Recruitment
Description: We are working with one of the market leaders within the development and operation of large scale renewable energy projects throughout the UK and Europe. Through their natural expansion they are looking to bring on board a Head of IT to lead, form, develop and implement their IT strategy. This is a great opportunity to work in a entrepreneurial atmosphere with a vibrant growth company working within the green energy industry Duties and responsibilities Management of all existing IT and Telecommunications systems supporting the business and the IT elements of the clients projects to ensure that they meet the business needs and remain fit for purpose. Define and implement technical standards and oversee implementation for Information and Telecommunication infrastructure and systems. Define and implement Project and Change Management approaches and controls that ensure evolving business needs are met swiftly with the minimum disruption. Define and implement Procurement strategies to deliver the appropriate lend of service and cost. Define and implement standards and procedures for access, security, data protection and disaster recovery/business continuity planning. Ensure financial targets are met by producing an annual business plan; monitoring and setting an operating budget. Ensuring that the IT team s skills are fit for purpose and evolve as the environment requires. Negotiate service level agreements with internal/external customers and service providers and monitor delivery to ensure agreed targets and standards are met. Ensure strategic overview of IT issues by keeping up to date with latest news and trends Research and evaluate new technologies. Ensure IT activities comply with organisational requirements for quality management, legal stipulations and general duty of care. PERSONAL SKILLS Knowledge Budget experience. Knowledge of SharePoint, CRM Dynamics, QuickBase and other Web/Cloud based applications would be an advantage but not essential. Work Skills Deliver work on time and to the high standards required, by taking ownership for outcomes, demonstrating pride in their achievement. Demonstrable experiencing in producing management information from scorecards to reflect operational performance, effective governance and detailed resource analysis. General Skills/Attributes Manage yourself and others effectively through planning, organising and anticipating problems ahead. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with ability to negotiate with and manage third parties. Ability to anticipate and react calmly to day to day emergencies and serious business continuity situations. Ability to develop yourself to keep abreast of new ideas and technologies. Experience Required Proven experience in IT management with demonstrable experience in managing IT teams analytically using frameworks such as ITIL V**** or COBIT. Track record of successfully managing multiple IT disciplines such as software development & technical support, and a broad knowledge of systems, applications and operating systems. Education and Qualifications Educated to degree level in relevant field such as Computer Science Applicants must be eligible to work in the UK