Title: Senior C Developer  MVC, Agile, SaaS  pound;****k  Basingstoke
Webindex: 67770182
Description: Senior C Developer  MVC, Agile, SaaS  ****k  Basingstoke Mature software startup with awesome product |Cloud application development | SoftwareasaService | Great Benefits Superb opportunity for a talented Senior C Developer to join an exciting, established startup, building an innovative cloudbased, SaaS product, with opportunities to move into architecture and/or team leadership. Person Spec Senior C Developer  Essential Skills In order to apply, you will be a talented and passionate C Developer with an excellent understanding of Object Oriented Programming (OOP) principles and the desire to work on cuttingedge web systems. Ideally, you will have extensive skills in the following technologies / agile methodologies:  C with ASP.Net  Strong skills in SQL (MySQL performance tuning would be a major plus)  Agile development using Scrum or Kanban Senior C Developer  Desirable Skills  ASP.Net MVC 4  Previous experience of developing cloud based software, SaaS products or distributed systems  UI design, User Interface design  Performance Tuning  Secure web applications, Security  BDD, TDD, Continuous Deployment  MVC**** SQL, MySQL, Web API, JavaScript, jQuery  Specflow, Git, Selenium, Svn, NCrunch, Resharper  Previous team leading or Agile mentoring experience as a Scrum Master  Exposure to other development languages e.g. Python and C++ The Role The Senior C Developer will work alongside an agile team of highly ambitious technologists and a management team with a trackrecord of growing software businesses from startup into major international brands. You will have the chance to make a profound contribution to the success of the product and the company, by applying your talent to develop rich features and execute an innovative product development roadmap. The SaaS product is built in the Microsoft .Net framework, using C and ASP.Net MVC. The development team follows Agile processes, using a mixture of Scrum and Kanban with iterations ranging from 24 weeks. TDD, Pair Programming and Continuous Integration are central to development. The company has ambitious plans for growth over the next 18 months, providing real opportunities to move into technical architecture and/or team leadership. The Company  Why Work Here?  Join a great team of highly driven, passionate technologists with an inclusive, collaborative culture  Build an exciting cloud application, built in C, ASP.Net MVC and delivered using the SoftwareasaService (SaaS) model  Improve your daily development experience by using the latest web technologies in an Agile development environment  Work for a management team that has real pedigree and has built technology business that you know and respect  Make the most of opportunities to progress into technical architecture and team leadership The Package Role based in Basingstoke, within a short walk from the station and with parking if preferred. Commutable from: Reading, Thames Valley, Berkshire, West London, Surrey, Hampshire. Basic Salary: ****k  ****k dependent on experience Package: Pension, Healthcare, Life Assurance, 25 days holiday  If your salary expectations are beyond the range quoted above, please apply for a conversation in confidence. There may be some flexibility for an outstanding candidate  If you are a talented Senior C Developer or Software Engineer looking for a fresh challenge with an exciting, fastgrowing technology product business, please apply now for more information. Senior C Developer  MVC, Agile, SaaS  ****k  Basingstoke Mature software startup with awesome product |Cloud application development | SoftwareasaService | Great Benefits