Title: Business Analyst  (Leading Tech Business)  Hampshire
Webindex: 69143353
Description: BUSINESS ANALYST  (LEADING TECH BUSINESS)  HAMPSHIRE We are seeking a Business Analyst / Technical Business Analyst to join a global payment and loyalty solutions company based in Fleet, Hampshire. Read on Founded in **** this leading technology company provides multichannel global payment software solutions and loyalty services to businesses across Europe. As true innovators in their sector they were the first to introduce an integrated Chip PIN solution in the UK and have since gone on to win the coveted Award for Innovation. Joining as a Business Analyst you will develop and maintain a strong understanding of the functional and nonfunctional requirements for enterprise level payment, loyalty and information management solutions ensuring that these requirements are clearly communicated to the Solutions Development and Service Delivery groups. Collaborating closely with the Solution Marketing (Product Management) and Development teams as well as with customers and external technology partners it is the Business Analyst’s role to ensure accurate requirements are captured and communicated effectively. This role is primarily office based (Fleet, Hampshire), however expect some travel within the UK and overseas. To qualify You will need to be an experienced Business Analyst who can demonstrate: Honours degree in Computer Science or equivalent. Solid experience as a Business Analyst supporting the development of complex technical enterprise solutions. Proven experience gathering, analysing and prioritising requirements from stakeholders across the organisation. Experience with agile development techniques, especially Scrum. Excellent requirements documentation skills including the identification and documentation of User Stories following the Scrum methodology. Strong communications skills with proven ability to facilitate workshops and effective solution brainstorming. Ability to confidently interact with senior managers as required. A technical/development background is advantageous as is an in depth understanding of products and services within the payments, loyalty or information management sectors. Joining a team of talented and enthusiastic people you will play a key role within an established and well respected European Blue Chip so expect a great working environment with plenty of challenges, opportunities, benefits and rewards (healthcare, dental plans, contributory pension, fun activities and unusual perks, such as a subsidised theatre trips, gocarting and team building exercises). Get in touch Keywords: Business Analyst, Technical Business Analyst, Development Business Analyst, Agile, SCRUM, Loyalty, Payment, Information Management, Business Analyst Jobs in Hampshire, Business Analyst Jobs in Surrey, Business Analyst Jobs in Fleet. Technical Business Analyst Jobs in Hampshire, Fleet, Hampshire, GU**** Guru are an employment business renowned for delivering careers networking to the IT sector. In this instance Guru are managing the selection process for this particular Business Analyst campaign on the behalf of our client. We offer a transparent service to both clients and candidates which means that if you pass our initial filtering criteria (based on your CV suitability against our client’s requirements) we will email you with the client’s details and also pass your complete application to the client for consideration. By applying to this role you are granting consent for us to work in this way. One final note, your application will only be used in conjunction with this specific role. TO APPLY FOR THIS VACANCY PLEASE SEND THROUGH YOUR CV TO THE CONTACT EMAIL ADDRESS PROVIDED. PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU QUOTE THE JOB REFERENCE NUMBER AND WHERE YOU HAVE SEEN THE ROLE ADVERTISED.