Title: Hardware Post Design Support Engineer (Analogue, EMC Power)
Webindex: 64558866
Description: Hardware Post Design Support EngineerStaffordshire  Stafford****k****k (DOE)  Pension, Healthcare BonusHardware Post Design Support Engineer  Immediate startThis opportunity is a great chance to join a fast growing R D team in a leading global power and transmission organisation based in Staffordshire. The team has expanded rapidly over the past 12 months and is looking for engineers across many disciplines. The role Any successful Hardware Post Design Support Engineer will be joining a large multidisciplined team of specialist electronics engineers. You'll report directly in to the Post Design Support Team Leader and the Global Hardware Manager who oversee the team. As an experienced hardware support engineer, you'll be working very closely with design team and acting as the last point of the project before it goes off for manufacture.You You'll be responsible for investigating analogue design issues and reporting back to the design team on how they can improve and make adjustments for the future. You'll be required to analyse module failures and complete redesigns. This role requires you to work as part of a team, but you should be experienced enough to work autonomously. Hardware Post Design Support Engineer Technical Skills:Analogue ElectronicsPower Supply ElectronicsEMC Testing ComplianceFault finding to component level repairThe role of Hardware Post Design Support Engineer offers a great deal of diversity working for a fast growing business in the heart of Staffordshire. As the business develops, there will be opportunities for career progression as the business will require more experienced engineers. As a multinational organisation, there is strong stability in this position and a good platform to kick on with your career on as this organisation will support and train their engineers. If you are interested in the position, looking to further develop you career in electronics design please forward your CV or call Jack on **** **** ****Interviews will be taking place throughout December, so please apply immediately.If this hardware post design support engineer role isn't of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us.JAM is acting as an employment agency with regards to this positionView our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedInJAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.