Title: SAS Data Developer Wanted for MIS Team
Webindex: 55408138
Company: JOBG8
Description: SAS Data Developer Wanted for MIS Team Some recent developments in how Data Management practices are being used in my client's business has led to a need for a strong SAS Data Integration developer that can work closely with both Technical Datawarehouse teams and frontend analytics teams to create tailormade reporting solutions across the business. The Company: The company have built an excellent trackrecord as a middlemarket player within financial services and have realigned their core Data platforms for next generation reporting requirements and as a result have created a number of positions including the need for the above individual. The culture fosters individuals that tend to thrive in smaller and more autonomous environments with broader responsibilities. The Role: The role itself will require going beyond a mainstream MIS Developer and need someone who can put on multiple hats from traditional MI Analyst to MI Developers through to thinking like a technical business analyst to understand how the new Data Management platform is reshaping key projects and needs across multiple stakeholders in the business. Suitable profiles should thus demonstrate the following aptitudes:  A solid track record in using SAS tools for core MI, reporting or information delivery platforms from BOTH analytical and technical platform development.  A strong business and commercial minded approach to understand how to create specific solutions for stakeholders (and possibly even advise on whether such solutions are practical).  A strong interest in the developments occurring in Master Data Management frameworks.  Excellent stakeholder engagement skills. Some of the advantages of this role will include:  Exposure to emerging SAS technologies (such as D.I. Studio, Web Platforms etc).  A degree of autonomy to develop core reporting solutions.  Exposure and stakeholder engagement beyond a purely datawarehousing environment. Sound like you? CVs in confidence to discuss this or related positions in the Data and BI market. Key words: SAS, MIS, 'Management Information', Reportwriter, Report developer, Data Management. SAS MI Developer Wanted for Data Management Team