Title: 3rd Line Support Engineer / Technical support Engineer
Webindex: 67903627
Company: Owen Daniels Consultancy
Description: 3rd Line Support Engineer / Technical support Engineer Are you a 3rd line support engineer providing support via email, phone and remote tools? If so then look no further as this is the role for you. My client is a market leading managed services / IT services company, growing rapidly with over **** staff nationwide. If you have a passion for IT and an understanding in any of the following then this is the job for you. Microsoft OS, Exchange SQL, NetApp, VMware, Desking Imaging Tools, Citrix, Firewalls, Thin Clients and Symantec Knowledge and working experience within the following technologies such as: Desktop imaging tools (e.g. SCCM) Microsoft Windows OS (Server/Desktop), Active Directory, Group Policies, WSUS, IIS Microsoft SQL Enterprise storage (e.g. Dell EqualLogic, NetApp, EMC) Microsoft Exchange ****/****/****010 Networking (LAN/WAN/VPN/Wireless) Firewalls (e.g. Juniper, Threat Management Gateway) Citrix (Presentation/XenApp, Printing) Thin client support (e.g. iGel, Wyse) Symantec Enterprise Vault Backup solutions (e.g. Symantec BackupExec, NetBackup) VMware Remote control tools (e.g. LogmeIn, TeamViewer,) Desirable skills: LANDesk Management Suite Microsoft SharePoint VOIP Exposure to UNIX/LINUX Systems Monitoring Tools (e.g. Nimsoft) Scripting (e.g. VB, PowerShell) Ideally holds following Certifications: Microsoft MCSE/MCDST/MCSA ITIL v2/v3 Foundation Level CompTIA A CompTIA N Purpose of Role for 3rd Line Support Engineer / Technical support Engineer: Reporting to the Technical Support Manager and as an integral part of Technical Support team, you will play a key role in the delivery of high quality technical support for my client, as well as to a wide range of customer portfolio in delivering exceptional customer service. Your primary responsibility is to provide desktop services entailing contribution to creating a platform to enable effective desktop/laptop imaging solution and develop methods to maintain the environment. You will be expected to travel to their customer sites to deliver desktop and network services. As a 3rd Line Support Engineer / Technical support Engineer requires strong troubleshooting, problemsolving and technical skills using various diagnostic tools. In addition, strong interpersonal skills are required to guide customers through situations (over the phone as well as facetoface), providing resolution to incidents and ultimately reach customer satisfaction. This may often be under challenging conditions. Communicate clearly and effectively with customers throughout the incident lifecycle, ensuring that at all times the customer is fully aware of the status of their Incident or Service Request. You will be required to: To provide 3rd Line technical support via email, telephone and remote tools To develop a desktop/laptop imaging solution and surrounding methods to maintain the environment. This includes patching, hotfixes, software version upgrades, and provide training to peers. Work from or travel to customer sites to provide extended Technical Support services to the customer beyond that provided from their West Sussex / Birmingham Office as required. To deliver the highest level of customer service by resolving escalated customer technical support incidents/requests to meet the SLAs To develop processes and procedures to image wide variety of desktops/laptops for my client as well as its customers To document the processes and procedures and to introduce it to the wider Operational team Provide Problem Management by using all the information to hand to identify, prevent or resolve either ongoing or potential issues that would affect a adversely customer. Maintain a level of technological competence that remains current and fitforpurpose in your role, highlighting any training needs to your line manager where appropriate To deliver PAS goals set by your Line Manager Job Requirements of the 3rd Line Support Engineer / Technical support Engineer: Proven, experiencedbased track records of Technical Support ideally in a similar environment providing services to multiple customers Knowledge and experience of the following processes: Working in Service Desk environment offering remote support with knowledge of ITIL methodologies Incident Management in depth West Sussex ****k plus pension, healthcare, flex benefits, 22.5% bonus and holiday Key skills: 3rd line support engineer, technical support, remote support, phone support, windows, sql, Vmware, exchange, active directory, dell, west sussex