Title: Systems Integration & Test Engineer
Webindex: 70100956
Company: ARM
Description: Graduate Test Engineer  Integration, System  Fareham, Portsmouth, Hampshire, West Sussex, Dorset, M27 My client, a global organisation and leader in its field, is looking for Graduate Test Engineer's. The Graduate System Test Engineer will be assigned technical work of limited scope and complexity, and will require the use and application of technical standards, principles, theories, concepts and techniques. Interactions will primarily be within the team. The Graduate System Test Engineer's work will be reviewed at regular intervals throughout the assignment. The Graduate System Test Engineer will: 'Develop test plans, procedures and schedules in support of ATM systems 'Translate system and/or subsystem requirements into test procedures 'Coordinate system and/or subsystem integration and test activities 'Integrate and test software applications maintained and/or developed by the Software Engineering team 'Investigate of problems identified during test, including problem diagnosis and solution proposal 'Perform analysis of test results and raise problem reports as appropriate 'Maintain requirements tracing through to test procedures, results and associated artefacts 'Be assigned to other teams or projects as required 'Be enrolled on the Graduate Scheme (2 years) that provides additional support and training for Early Career Professionals. This is not a rotational scheme Required Skills: 'Enthusiastic selfstarter with good verbal communication 'Excellent written communication through the use of email, presentation and formal reports 'Ability to work with due attention to schedule and cost constraints 'Adherence to process within an integration and test environment Desired Skills: 'Good understanding of verification and validation methodologies 'Good understanding of the principles of systems and software engineering 'Understanding of the Unified Modelling Language (UML) 'ATM experience would be advantageous but is not a prerequisite Candidates must be willing to undergo security clearance. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.