Title: Senior Pricing Analyst  SAS  Cardiff
Webindex: 63858618
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Senior Pricing Analyst  Cards Location: Cardiff or London Salary: ****  ****  bonus & benefits Overview This exciting role sits within the Pricing and Portfolio Team within Credit Cards. The primary focus of the role is to devise product and pricing strategies for the regular Customer Manager Balance Transfer activity to the existing Credit Cards customer base. This will include: • Designing the pricing and targeting structure for the existing regular marketing campaigns. • Identifying new market opportunities and new product ideas that can be tested and then built into the longer term strategy of the existing customer strategy. • Working across multiple areas to ensure that all areas of the business that could be impacted are accounted for in the above e.g Finance, Risk, Legal, Customer. • The role can be based in either Cardiff or London and requires a confident selfstarter with a proven track record of analytical ability. Key Knowledge/Skills • Experience of turning data into insight and insight into actionable recommendations. • SAS and or SQL experience is a key requirement as the role has a heavy analytical bias. • Financial Services or related industry experience is a key requirement ideally with some experience of the Credit Cards Market. • Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal as the presentation of insight and proposals is a key requirement of the role. • Good understanding of the financial dynamics of the Financial Services industry is a key requirement as the role requires the development of customer propositions and business proposals that generate a positive financial return. • Good knowledge of Excel, Powerpoint and all other Microsoft Office products as the role requires proposals to be generated and presented in numerous different formats. Key Accountabilities • To devise product and pricing strategies for the regular customer campaigns. • To identify and recommend opportunities to optimise returns on scarce marketing budget through detailed analysis of past campaigns and adhoc analysis. • To own and identify analysis that drives incremental profitability to the group balancing both short term income and balance growth opportunities with the longer term profitability of the Credit Cards business. • To be a key member of the Pricing and Portfolio Analytical Team bringing new and innovative analytical techniques to the team and embedding them within the wider population. Please send your CV to [contact details removed] or call Phillip Hartley on [contact details removed] .