Title: Principle Engineer
Webindex: 67308248
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Role Purpose: The Architectural Design, Development and Deployment of UK client s Automated Test Equipment Systems, Simulators and Field Support Equipments. The task will also involve leading / supporting multinational functional modularity and reuse activities Business Delivery Lead the Architectural Design, Development and Deployment of UK Automated Test Equipment Systems, Simulators and Field Support Equipments in order to Test a range of sub assemblies and Systems from product development phases through to manufacturing test and trials The establishment of close liaison and working with similar position counterparts within a UK and/or Pan Europe environment to underpin the organisation s Generic Modular Test Hardware and Test Software approach and philosophy. In addition, within this team framework liaise, develop and agree future test solution system strategies. The establishment of close liaison and working with Product Development Teams on aspects of product Test Requirements, Testability, BIT [Build In Test], Test Access and Test Flow operating within a concurrent engineering team framework The establishment of close working with the Test and Simulation Software Development teams in order to maximise efficiency by the design and implementation of Modular, Reusable Software Architectures and by the application of existing Pan Europe Test Hardware and Software Catalogue approaches Propose, design, develop and manufacture applicable Test system(s). Deliver the designs in accordance to specification, time and cost objectives. Develop and maintain the work plans and report progress as required. Load and manage relevant work into other Operations/T s Generic Modular Test Hardware and Test Software approach. And from within this team framework agreed future test solution system strategies and associated roadmap planned, presented and implemented Close liaison and concurrent engineering working with Product Development Teams established. Teams working on aspects of product Test Requirements, Testability, BIT [Build In Test], Test Access and Test Flow. Anticipated outputs include improved team integration; The provision of advice and guidance on testability approaches; Improved delivery of coherent test requirements and related documentation; Improved test coverage and integrity on Test Equipment campaigns delivered to cost on schedule. Close working with the Test and Simulation Software Development teams established. Teams working to maximise efficiency by the design and implementation of Modular, Reusable Software Architectures and by the application of existing Pan Europe Test Hardware and Software Catalogue approaches. Anticipated outputs include demonstrated usage within various Test Equipment campaigns. The contribution of various software applications and drivers to the catalogue portfolio to underpin the reuse approach and demonstrated cost saving Detailed knowledge of the following domains: The design of manual, semi automated and fully computerised ATE [Automatic Test Equipment] Test Strategy development and implementation. Subsystem/board electronic architecture definition from subsystem requirement inputs Design of Digital Electronics test solutions that include Microprocessors and FPGA s Design of Analogue Electronics test solutions (up to and including RF)Related competences in the following: Test Strategy Development and Implementation. Instrumentation Integration & Control: GPIB, VXI, PXI, RS**** **** Test Techniques: RF, Analogue, Digital, Optical, comms, incircuit, functional and ESS Programming: MS Visual C++, C, National Instruments CVI, Java, MS Visual Basic, HP [RMB] / HT Basic Test Executives: Agilent TestExec SL, National Instruments Test Stand, Hewlett Packard FTM 300 Microsoft Packages (Source Safe, Project, Excel, Word, Power Point etc) Sub contract [Test House] negotiation, control and managementAll the following personal attributes are required: Self Starter with high motivation to achieve demanding technical and project timescales Strong interfacing, negotiation, influencing, organisational and planning skillsThe Company: Our client is a world leading, global missile systems company, delivering cuttingedge technologies to its multinational customer base. It operates in all of the major world markets and is the only company able to design and produce missiles and missile systems for army, navy and air forces. Their growing reputation for innovation and technical excellence owes much to their engineering facilities, rated amongst the most modern in the world. With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work