Title: Avaya Telecommunications Engineer
Webindex: 71565419
Company: Spring Technology
Description: Telecommunications Engineer Avaya  Nottingham  FTSE 100 client. Competitive salary, plus bonus and large corporate benefits. A Major corporate company based in the Nottingham area is currently recruiting for a Telecommunications Engineer. This person is responsible for providing engineering, provisioning, and maintenance support for all voice related systems in the organization. This includes Avayabased PBX systems, Voice Mail, Call Management Servers, CTI, IVR/VRU systems, Witness Call recording, VoIP technologies, IP Telephony, and Carrier Services. This role will support multiple Telephony systems in a geographically distributed environment but will be located in Nottingham, UK. The ideal candidate will have strong handson skills in Call Centre applications, IVR systems, Call Recording solutions, and IP technologies. Job Requirements and qualifications Significant experience of managing Avaya based PBX systems Significant experience of working in a call centre environment Works well with others and is a team player Strong written and verbal communication skills Works independently to meet goals and objectives with minimal supervision Excellent documentation skills a must Works well with external vendors for implementation and support Good knowledge of Microsoft Office products Excellent problems solving skills Knowledge of Windows and Linux Server platforms a plus This is a unique opening for a highly motivated IT Telecomms Engineer who is seeking an opportunity to develop their career within a blue chip FTSE 100 organisation. Salaries for this position are extremely competitive and include an excellent corporate benefits package. For more information about this role please send your uptodate CV to the below contact details: Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/AvayaTelecommunicationsEngineer_job****