Title: ENGINEERING SOLUTION DESIGN ARCHITECT  MANUFACTURING – FMCG  LUTON
Webindex: 68688779
Company: Rethink Recruitment
Description: ENGINEERING SOLUTION DESIGN ARCHITECT  MANUFACTURING – FMCG  LUTON  ****k Bonus  Bens Our Client is a Global Multinational Manufacturing Organisation, who are market Leaders in the Business Sectors they operate in. Due to ongoing growth within the Team, they urgently Require an experienced Engineering Solution Design Architect in their Manufacturing Business, working out of their impressive offices in Luton. Your role will be varied, broad and challenging and involve undertaking the following: • Translate strategic requirements into a usable enterprise manufacturing architecture, • The Enterprise Architect  Manufacturing is responsible for reviewing and consulting on the impact of new solutions across multiple domains, including business functions, end user experience, data management, integration • Undertake Design Reviews and Ensure the manufacturing architecture maps to the strategic enterprise architecture. • Develop strategies in support of manufacturing best practice reuse and datasharing objectives. • Establish guidelines for reporting procedures on the reuse of enterprise manufacturing architecture. • Analyse information to evaluate the effectiveness of controls, determine the accuracy of reports, and monitor the efficiency and security of operations. • Assist in postimplementation continuousimprovement efforts to enhance performance and provide increased functionality. Key Skills Required With a Solid Engineering and Manufacturing / FMCG Background you will have demonstrable experience of the following: • Seven to 10 years of experience in IT, with a minimum of 5 years in manufacturing systems design. • Indepth experience designing and implementing manufacturing and quality solutions. • Knowledgeable in the design and construction of manufacturing architectures that enable wellintegrated transactional, collaborative solutions. • Knowledge of problem analysis, structured analysis, and design techniques. • Strong analytical and conceptual skills; ability to create original concepts/theories for a variety of stakeholders. • Knowledge of project planning and management, including scope, time and resource management. • Experience with various information modelling techniques This is an exciting opportunity to join a stable, growing Market Leader that offers excellent scope, scale and rewards achievers highly. Make Contact today to discuss further This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ENGINEERINGSOLUTIONDESIGNARCHITECTMANUFACTURINGFMCGLUTON_job****