Title: Software Engineer for Graphics/Video Test Systems
Webindex: 71792055
Company: Arm Ltd.
Description: Introduction The Media Processing Division produces Graphics and video hardware products for mobile and embedded devices. Our MaliTM Graphics Processors (GPUs) have an advanced, highly programmable architecture for accelerating ****D and 3D graphics, specifically tuned for high performance and energy efficiency. Our flagship MaliT**** multicore GPU sets a new standard for graphics and compute performance with low energy consumption. To see the current Mali GPU's in action take a look at the Mali Developer Center (http://www.malideveloper.com). Our Video Processors (VPUs) achive bestinclass performance for embedded products by continuously providing innovative engineering solutions. Our mission is to be the number one provider of graphics and video technology on the planet by finding the fastest, cleanest and most efficient solutions to every problem. Our team is already hard at work on the next generation of Mali GPUs, but to take on the world we need more firstclass engineers. If you have a passion for graphics technology and want to shape the future of future mobile devices, then we want to hear from you Job Requirements Key Accountabilities/Responsibilities We are looking for skilled SW engineers to join the Lund system test team. The team is responsible for developing and executing automated tests for the graphics and video products. The work requires a broad technical competence to face the ever new challenges when testing our cutting edge technology on new platforms and operating system against evolving graphics and compute standards. Successful applicants will be working with a variety of tasks, such as developing test applications using C/C++, java, OpenCL and OpenGL ES, improving our internally developed python based test automation system and debug analyzing software and hardware issues. Essential Skills Experience Good knowledge in C/C++ Experience of embedded operating systems and device drivers Good knowledge in Python or other scripting languages Proficiency in problem solving and debugging skills. Good English communication skills, oral and written. Experience with Microsoft Windows and UNIX development environments Desirable Skills Experience Experience in software testing, test automation and test methodologies. Experience working with lab equipment such as FPGA development boards Experience from video coding or video stream analysis Experience in ****D/3D graphics technology and standards such as OpenGL, OpenGL ES, OpenVG, M3G, Direct3D Mobile, DirectX and EGL. Experience working with Android Experience in large, multisite software development projects Package Salary dependent upon experience Shares (Restricted Share Units) at the discretion of ARM Holdings plc Private medical insurance Permanent health insurance Life assurance Contributory pension Annual bonus scheme Relocation expenses as appropriate Please note that we may be recruiting multiple positions against this vacancy