Title: Software Engineers  Research, Graduate, PHD, C++, Java, C
Webindex: 71199534
Company: Momentum Resourcing Ltd
Description: Research Software Engineers  Computer Science, Maths, Engineering Degree background or Masters, or PHD. Salary **** to **** Any of the following programming skills of interest: C++, Java, ObjectiveC, Javascript, XAML, C, and web services Cyber Security  Excellent Salary  Bens  Leicestershire/Warwickshire Border My customer is a global cyber security software company who specialize in developing software for secure devices including smartcards, smart phones and tablets. They have pioneered this technology. Their customers are some of the largest defence, government and financial services organisations in the world and they work with large internationally recognized partners to deliver flexible digital identity solutions. They have been established for over 20 years and are offering you the opportunity to work with the very latest C++/C.NET web development technologies and other leading edge technologies. These are new opportunities to work in my customers Research Department and to join an existing team. You will have a minimum of a 1st class or **** Batchelors degree in Computer Science or Maths or Engineering with computer science content. Ideally you will have recently completed or be about to complete a Masters or PHD Studies. Technical skills required: C++, Java, ObjectiveC, Javascript, XAML, C, and web services. You will have an interest in any of the following areas: Identity authentication, Mobile devices and infrastructure, claims based authorization, facilities management security, secure email, VPN and browser technology, NFC applications, mobile payments, cryptography, biometrics, or cloud service provisioning. You will be enthusiastic, selfmotivated and have immense drive and determintaion to seek new technical opportunities in a rapidly changing world. The Role: Investigate new and emmerging technologies in our area of interest Create working prototypes or demonstrate capable solutions within tight timeframes Communicate effectively and document your search ideas/proposals This is an excellent opportunity to join an incredibly successfully company who will further your career and enable you to work in an industry sector that is growing exponentially year on year. They will also reward and recognize your achievements and provide you with a career changing opportunity.