Title: Applications Architect  Resources
Webindex: 62011785
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Applications Architect  Resources Reference no: W Cheshire **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: CH**** **** What s involved with this role: Required  an Applications Architect to work on of number of ICT projects. This exciting opportunity requires a candidate with significant subject matter expertise in Oracle eBusiness, GIS, Business Intelligence (including Business Objects), data modelling and apps integration and simplification. As well as undertaking technical design and solutions architecture, the successful candidate will be required to develop roadmaps and establish security policies and standards. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice TOGAF Certified Oracle eBusiness, GIS, Business Intelligence (including Business Objects) Data modelling Subject matter expertise in application technologies, both inhouse developed and package based. Applications integration and simplification Able to develop and communicate technology roadmaps, policies and standards Strong interpersonal skills Excellent presentation skills Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, with the ability to tailor the message to suit the needs at all levels of our ICT community Able to support colleagues by reviewing technical designs and sharing knowledge and experience Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Resources/ICT/Applications Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 23 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited