Title: 1st Line Support Helpdesk Analyst
Webindex: 68696102
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: This company is a customer focused organisation providing technical software, services and support to the healthcare market. They currently have vacancies for IT Helpdesk Analysts to support their new helpdesk based in Scotland. You will be providing essential 1st line support to their software users in Scotland. This is an excellent opportunity for graduates looking for their first/second role in IT with excellent prospects for career development and progression within the company. Key responsibilities:  To provide a friendly and professional service to their customers at all times  To ensure that all customer problems are resolved to a satisfactory conclusion  To accurately record and maintain call management system records when dealing with incidents and queries raised by customers and internally  To ensure log SLA targets are maintained through proactive management of individual and team calls  To ensure that all incoming calls are answered within an acceptable timescale. This also includes being aware of the wait times for all product queues and acting to resolve long delays  To ensure all customer call backs, faxes and emails are carried out in an acceptable timescale  To escalate to a team leader/manager where a customer problem is not being resolved in an acceptable timescale  To notify a team leader/manager where a customer has a serious problem which is causing severe difficulties for the customer  To keep customers informed of the progress of their problems  To fully follow all Helpline procedures including those for logging faults to Maintenance, Installs and Development departments  To help members of staff from other departments at this company wherever possible.  To support the field based staff in order that they can ensure complete customer satisfaction  To highlight problems in any area of the company software of systems that either causes the customer problems or results in extra work for the Helpline Key skills and requirements needed:  Degree (IT related) gained within the last 2 years  Ideally 1 years commercial experience or work placement in an IT role  Excellent customer service skills  Confident, friendly and professional personality with a proactive and enthusiastic approach to work  Strong organisation skills especially the ability to multitask and prioritise workload  Ability to learn fast and take in information The position is based at their Dundee office, therefore it is essential you can travel to this location easily (UK residents only). Shifts are staggered between ****:00 and ****:00 Monday to Friday, and you may also be required to work occasional Saturdays on a rota basis. Helpdesk Analysts will report directly to the Service Desk Manager. Salary: 18k p.a. rising steadily to ****k p.a. after 18 months service. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/1stLineSupportHelpdeskAnalyst_job****