Title: Service Controller Manager
Webindex: 69743068
Company: Interaction Recruitment   Sheffield
Description: We are currently looking for a Service Control Manager to work for a very well known and established company based in Doncaster. This postion is to cover a maternity leave. In order to be considered for this role you need to know about Commercial Vehicle repairs and have experience of working in a position that relates to this. The Role: Working as part of a team the postholder will need to communicate with colleagues of differing abilities sharing their experience and knowledge to provide a high level of service delivery. Control maintenance expenditure within agreed parameters whilst ensuring all maintenance records are checked and ensuring that the approved processes are followed to provide a cost effective repair solution taking into consideration the need to exceed both business and customer expectations To manage the daily Work In Progress reports ensuring that all jobs are correctly entered on system and that the WIP administration is controlled in line with business requirements To ensure that the internal job control systems are managed daily so that job requests are processed or queried without delay. Seek to drive down repair costs and rates charged by our suppliers and ensure that all suppliers SLA’s are adhered to. Working with the fleet teams to ensure that the most cost effective resources available are utilized The Person: Two years customer services experience in a vehicle based environment. Knowledge of commercial vehicle repairs, standard times and road transport operations. High level of administration skills Selfmotivated and able to communicate clearly in both verbal and written formats. Ability to work under pressure with minimal supervision yet is a team player. Well organised, taking ownership of tasks and being able to work to detail. High level ofUKgeographical knowledge and have a good standard of education at GCSE level or equivalent. Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications  an understanding of Maintenance Management Systems would be advantageous. If you think you have the skills and expertise required then please apply with your CV. Many Thanks