Title: NAV Developer
Webindex: 67652820
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Do you have a background developed in NAV software development? Would you like the opportunity to work for a growing organisation? If this sounds like you please read on, as this could be your perfect opportunity Key Skills: NAV Development, SQL Server, C/Side The Background A leading Gold Partner is currently seeking to recruit a NAV Developer to assist the ongoing development, maintenance and support of their client s systems. Despite the current economic woes , the organisation is showing strong and sustained growth which means the role offers excellent progression opportunities. The Role You ll be responsible for developing, documenting and testing applications based on MS Dynamics NAV. To do this you ll analyse the requirements of the business, develop and modify the product and offer support to the users. The Professional You will certainly have a background in MS Dynamics NAV Development and will have experience of Development of Forms and Reports. You ll have good SQL Server knowledge and good communication skills. Experience working for a Gold Partner would also be an advantage. The ideal candidate will have all of the above and also have experience of NAV Development, NAV Application Server, SQL Server, and experience of .NET Development  VB.NET, ASP.NET. It will also be advantageous to have had exposure to Qlikview and web development. Please forward your most uptodate CV together with salary details or by calling Daniel Gallagher on (Apply online only). JAM Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Should this position not meet what you are looking for, please forward to someone you feel may be interested in this position. Not suitable or interested but you know someone who is? Refer them and receive referral bonus with a value of **** View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position