Title: Future Leaders Development Programme  Technology
Webindex: 41879934
Description: Barclays are hiring. Future Leaders Development Programme  Technology Competitive base salary of **** plus a joining award of **** We live in a digital age, where behind every great idea are innovative technology products and processes that make it happen. In banking, every action we take becomes a digital transaction. No wonder technology is a driving force at Barclays, where our latest mobile banking innovations include Pingit, Paytag and the Features Store. Our Technology Product and Process Development programme helps creative, ambitious and focused people like you to take us into the next generation of banking, and turn big ideas into reality. The Programme You'll play a critical part in improving the experiences of customers and colleagues all over the world, as you work with the some of the industry's most sophisticated technology  and quite a few of its most sophisticated minds as well. Thanks to this accelerated twoyear programme, you'll help us innovate in everything from branch technology to mobile banking. Whether you're helping to develop bold new products, gaining onthejob knowledge or learning how to drive strategic change, you'll be able to play a critical part in improving the experiences of customers and colleagues all over the world as you acquire the skills, experience and exposure you need to become a respected leader in the field. You'll also get to work alongside senior managers right from the start. After all, what better way to learn about highquality leadership than to witness it firsthand. The programme is built around a series of four sixmonth rotational placements, each one offering even more responsibility than the last. All that challenge and freedom will bring out the best in you. Along the way, you'll pick up a wide range of skills that will open an equally wide range of career paths to you. Who we look for To become one of our future technology leaders, you'll need to be on course for, or already have obtained a ****:**** in a technical discipline and have a passion for technology. Whether you're based in UK or Lithuania, we'll look for an impressive array of work experience and involvement in extracurricular activities as well. For more information and to apply please launch the application button. Keywords: Graduate, Technology.