Title: Wintel Services Engineer
Webindex: 68359532
Company: DP Connect
Description: Financial Services company are currently recruiting for an experience Wintel Engineer to be responsible for the delivery and support of Wintel services from design and proof of concept phase through development and into Support. This is across Corporate 3rd line and Production 2nd and 3rd line, physical and virtual environments and in all data centres. Duties Plan, build, configure and test new systems as projects require. Maintain and provide input to the infrastructure delivery team processes and procedures. Assist in the analysis of root causes of all major issues, planning redesigns where appropriate. Provide technical knowledge at project meetings during Wintel systems project lifecycle. Work in partnership with 3rd party suppliers, understanding and implementing industry best practice across our technology stack. Produce technical documentation for relevant support teams to work from as part of the handover process. Carry out any other task associated with the role as reasonably requested. Applicants will need a comprehensive working knowledge of the following Wintel technologies: Microsoft Operating Systems including Windows 2008 Server and Windows 7. Administration experience of Windows 2008 server including Active Directory, Group Policy, User profiles and folder redirection Knowledge of backup technologies Patch management of Wintel systems (WSUS, Shavlik, Landesk etc) Good understanding of virtualisation technology in enterprise environment (VMware, HyperV or Xenserver), including using templates, deploying, managing and troubleshooting virtual servers and/or desktops IP v**** Networking Technologies ? understanding of routing, DHCP, DNS, network security (proxy servers, firewalls) Strong knowledge and hands on experience with at least **** of the technologies specified under the Desirable section Applicants will needs to be either Microsoft, VCP or CCA qualified. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/WintelServicesEngineer_job****