Title: IT Software Support Engineer (French, Spanish or German Speaking)
Webindex: 72245235
Company: TRS Consulting
Description: IT Software Support Engineer (French, Spanish or German Speaking) Fluent French, Spanish or German Speaking IT Support Engineers sought after by a leading Oncology Healthcare IT organisation, offering excellent training and ongoing career development. ****K  Excellent Benefits Package including generous contributory pension and excellent private healthcare package The Company – IT Software Support Engineer (French, Spanish or German Speaking) My client is a worldwide market leading supplier of sophisticated Radiotherapy Systems, Medical Imaging Systems, Healthcare IT and Oncology Software Solutions; a prominent provider of multimillion pound systems designed to both diagnose and fight cancer. This instantly recognisable pioneer of medical technology is well known for their innovative products and solutions, and provides a complete portfolio of integrated solutions for the healthcare sector. They have representation in over 75 countries worldwide, employ **** people, and offer 'best in class' solutions across their highly sophisticated product range. This leader in healthcare technology is the 'number one' supplier of radiotherapy and oncology systems and solutions in a range of European countries, including the UK. The Role  IT Software Support Engineer (French, Spanish or German Speaking) This leading organisation now seeks to recruit two dedicated IT Support Engineers, responsible for the technical support of a range on healthcare IT products, associated thirdparty products, and support of the people who benefit from their use. Responsibilities in the office will include all aspects of remote technical support to their customers, business units and distributors. The individuals are expected to be first and foremost good communicators with excellent interpersonal skills and dedication to all customers. Significant indepth technical knowledge of the product from the hardware on which it runs through to the use of the applications software is essential and it is expected that the individuals will be self motivated enough to maintain and update this knowledge. Call Handling Being available as required to take calls from customers, engineers and Distributors pertaining an Upgrade. Prioritizing and managing calls in an efficient and professional manner, liaising with the Upgrade coordinator Escalating and seeking advice and assistance as required in order to ensure all issues are managed to a satisfactory resolution in the fastest possible time. Installations and Upgrades Performing regular installation work, upgrades and training activities at customers sites and remotely as arranged by the Installation Manager. Ensuring that the customer is fully aware of the implications of any upgrade work being undertaken before that work commences Documenting and having that work accepted by the customer before leaving site or closing the call. Reporting and escalation Record all upgrade activities in appropriate call logging system Escalate to management any technical issues that are likely to become significant, including potential issues preventing new software rollouts Escalate issues and concerns over the technical competence and distributor engineers that may have come to light through site visits or support calls Ensure that at all times, Business units and distributors are kept informed of progress of any issues being dealt with. Technical competence Actively seeking and maintaining the necessary technical competence to be able to effectively diagnose and resolve problems on all of the product range Identifying any necessary training requirements and escalating these to management as needed. Your Background  IT Software Support Engineer (French, Spanish and German Speaking) The successful applicants will derive from an IT support background, with experience of Windows Servers and workstations. You will need to be fluent in German, Spanish or French, as you will be supporting IT Systems remotely based in Germany, Spain or France. Experience of networking, IT trouble shooting, SQL databases and hardware and software problem resolution is also desired. Any qualification in IT or computing would be beneficial, such as a degree, HND, HND, CCNA, MCP or MCSE. The Benefits  IT Software Support Engineer (French, Spanish and German Speaking) In return, my client is offering ‘first class’ industry recognised product training, ongoing as new products are introduced, excellent remuneration, including excellent basic salary, generous contributory pension and private health cover, along with the opportunity to progress within a market leading organisation. Keywords: Oncology Specialist, Radiotherapy Product Specialist, Software Support Engineer, Networking Engineer, PACS Engineer, IT Technical Support Engineer, IT Systems Support Specialist, Dicom Engineer, IT Software Systems Specialist, Electronic Engineer, IT Installation Engineer, Medical Engineer, West Sussex, Kent, East Sussex, Surrey, London, Middlesex, Hampshire, Croydon, Tonbridge, Bromley, Brighton, Crawley, Redhill, Reigate, Guildford, Maidstone, Gillingham, Chatham, Rochester, Sevenoaks, Woking, Sutton This vacancy is being advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited. The services advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited are those of an employment agency and / or an employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITSoftwareSupportEngineerFrenchSpanishorGermanSpeaking_job****