Title: Lead Python Developer, to ****K, Highly Trafficked Web Brand
Webindex: 70782548
Company: Progression Recruitment
Description: ABOUT THE ROLE We are excited to be hiring for a company who prides themselves on their fast rate of innovation and their clever products that solve real business problems. Although they have offices in San Francisco and New York, their core technology team is based in their London offices, where they are seeking a talented engineer to be involved in building groundbreaking and compelling products. This exciting role will require someone who possesses the following skills: Experience building web applications, ideally in Python On the backend  MySQL, MongoDB, Redis and Memcached experience API experience, including integration and API design would be very impressive (they are a bit fanatical about APIs) Experience developing scalable web applications for highvolume sites on cloudbased infrastructure such as AWS is also highly desirable Experience in affiliate marketing, online advertising or other B2B advertising related platform would make you stand out Javascript Backbone is advantageous Passion for Open Source technologies, an active participation in the Open Source Community is welcomed The role is based in Shoreditch, London right in the middle of Silicon Roundabout. Their digs have a strong technology culture, lots of space, a creative environment, and a highspec setup. ABOUT YOU At this company they value dedication, enthusiasm, and a love of innovation. They are disrupting the online monetization industry, and welcome candidates who want to be a part of this ambitious journey. But it's not just hard work; they definitely appreciate a bit of quirkiness and fun along the way. You will simply love to code. You think of it as recreation rather than work, and have a stream of your own projects you have done just for fun. Proficiency in Linux is a must. You fit the bill of an experienced, innovative developer, with deep interest in Internet Technologies and a passion for building groundbreaking online tools. You are motivated, solutions driven, and eager to face the challenges that a startup requires. You strive to push projects to the next level and give that special touch of quality, attentiveness and excellence. You are able to give accurate estimations of development times for projects, and organise your time to meet project deliverables and deadlines. You thrive in fastpaced environment that iterates quickly. You have a sense of humour, are ambitious, and love the thrill and madness of working in a startup environment. You're interested in the challenges facing online publishers, and have an appreciation of the culture of content creation and blogging. You will be excited about working with massive amounts of data: 'A billion rows isn't cool, you know what is cool? A trillion rows' ABOUT THE COMPANY This company is one of the most wellknown UKoriginated startups in the internet space, founded in London in **** and now with offices in San Francisco and New York. They have been described by Techcrunch as one of London's leading startups, and voted in the top 10 of the Guardian Tech Media Invest. They offer blogs, forums and websites the ability to earn an income from their content, by paying them a commission if readers click through and make an online purchase. They consider themselves a company that sells innovations, and in the last few years they have conceived and built a range of unique, compelling products that have shaken up the online monetization space. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/LeadPythonDeveloperto****KHighlyTraffickedWebBrand_job****