Title: Technology & Application Support Team Lead
Webindex: 68552739
Company: Imperial Tobacco
Description: Salary: &pound**** Location: Bristol Job Type: Permanent Company: Imperial Tobacco Job Description: Imperial Tobacco Group PLC is a FTSE 30, international tobacco company which manufactures, markets, distributes and sells a range of tobacco related products. It is the world&rsquos fourth largest international cigarette company and the world&rsquos largest producer of cigars, finecut tobacco, rolling papers and tubes. The products are available in over 160 countries worldwide. This role will lead the Operations and Technology stream within Corporate Application Services (CAS) team, the core objectives of which are to provide technical input to CAS project teams, ensure that all applications are developed in line with developed technology standards and to ensure that all CAS supported applications remain on secure, supported and performing platforms. Being part of a small core internal team, the role holder will be expected to supervise a team of two as well as any external resources, undertake project delivery activities and also be involved in supplier management. Principal Accountabilities & Responsibilities Include: Provide technical input to CAS project teams including:?Advice and guidance on technical architecture and infrastructure designs. Input to Project Managers on resolving technical issues. Ensure the implementation of required database configuration and management, as well as required backup, failover and DR solutions. Ensure that all software is installed correctly, including implementation of required security and version control. Ensure that all CAS applications are designed and developed in line with group technology and CAS specific technology standards. Ensure all CAS supported applications remain on secure, supported and performing platforms, and that they operate according to defined SLAs. Assist the CAS Manager in establishing and managing the CAS organisation by undertaking additional activities as required. Contribute ideas and activities into the development and overall effectiveness of the CAS team, by proactively proposing improvements to both the CAS organisation and service offerings. The successful applicant will be able to demonstrate the following: &nbsp Experienced IS practitioner with business application development and support experience, ideally in a similar role/size organisation. Technical exposure and expertise with a broad range of software engineering (e.g. 3 and ****G programming languages) and database (e.g. SQL Server) products and solutions. A selfstarter who will take ownership of assigned tasks and drive to completion as well as previous staff management/team leader and supplier management experience. Full lifecycle development experience. Excellent communication skills, being able to effective liaise with colleagues from all functions across a large complex organisation. &nbsp PLEASE APPLY NOW