Title: Java Developer, World Leading Online Gaming Technology Firm
Webindex: 68048428
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Java Software Engineer/Architect/Developer/Programmer, World Leading Online Gaming Technology Firm, eGaming, highly scalable, high frequency exhanges, Agile/XP/Scrum/TDD/BDD, multithreading, concurrency, bog data, NoSQL, caching, inmemory, HazelCast, MongoDB Work for one of Britain's biggest ever technology success stories. Work on extremely highly scalable archictectures and the most high frequency exhanges in London (more transactions than the London Stock Exchange). The firm are an online gaming and gambling company who have been recognised with a number of industry awards as well as repeatedly topped the Sunday Times Tech Track **** League Table. They have remained at the bleeding edge of technical innovation within the industry since their inception, have grown year on year. Backed by recent record profits, they are looking for further exceptional Java developers to help fuel their expansion. This is a unique opportunity to be part of an elite and highly prestigious British technology firm.  The work is extremely challenging technically  some of the fastest exchanges in London, highly scalable, transactional systems, extensive Multithreading and concurrency issues, big data and inmemory caching (HazelCast and MongoDB)  Brand new systems, 90% greenfield work, cutting edge technologies. They also have 'creative days' where developers are permitted to experiment with new technologies  Two week iterations, Agile/XP/Scrum/TDD/BDD, Git for version control, company Open Source contributions  They number some of the best developers in London/Europe  as well as some of the brightest. British developers include graduates from Oxbridge, Bath, Southampton, Edinburgh There is also a large contingency from leading European universities  The firm itself is already recognised as one of Europe's leading technology firms, and an extremely prestigious name to have on a CV. It has a high bar which is held in extremely high regard  A lot of internal mobility and training/development opportunities, and a huge empasis placed on career development. Avenues include technical architecture, project management, business analysis and scrummaster  There have been very few departees from the firm since its inception, due to the working environment. Those that have left have moved onto to places as varied as Google and high frequency algo trading hedge funds.  The environment. It's relaxed and laidback, with a cosmopolitan mix of technologists from across Europer/the globe, and the office includes a free beer fridge, a pool table, darts, an Xbox and a PS****  Remuneration  the pay is the best on the market for this type of firm, and every new employee is still eligible for equity. This year they have exceeded targets and are on track to meet their stretch target in December, which will mean an extra 10% of bonus is paid Requirements:  Strong core Java knowledge, including areas such as Multithreading  Strong academics  technical degree from a leading university Experience with any of the following would be advantageous:  Relational databases and related Java frameworks such as Hibernate and Spring  Scala, or other functional programming language eg Clojure, Haskell, OCaml, Erlang, F  Knowledge of Linux/Unix systems, including Shell Scripting  Strong understanding of performance and scalability issues, and experience with highly transactional systems  Agile/TDD/DDD Java Software Engineer/Architect/Developer/Programmer, World Leading Online Gaming Technology Firm, eGaming, highly scalable, high frequency exhanges, Agile/XP/Scrum/TDD/BDD, multithreading, concurrency Please apply or call. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice. By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.