Title: Ruby on Rails Developer  Manchester
Webindex: 69039332
Company: Senitor Associates
Description: Ruby On Rails Developer  Manchester Ruby On Rails Developer  Ruby On Rails / Agile. An excellent opportunity has arisen for a RoR specialist to join this expanding team based at my client's impressive premises in Manchester. You will adopt the role of Ruby On Rails Developer and will become pivotal in this rapidly growing company. Skills  Ruby On Rails / Agile. You will already be performing the role of Ruby On Rails Developer within your current role and be able to demonstrate at least 2 years solid Ruby On Rails experience. You must also have experience of the full systems development life cycle, a proven track record of delivery to time, budget and quality, a proven ability to work on multiple development workstreams concurrently. It would also be beneficial to demonstrate good interpersonal and communication skills and possess the ability to influence the development approach taken for specific projects. You should be motivated with real desire to succeed. Knowledge using any of the following is an advantage: PostgreSQL Riak MongoDB Message queues Git Kanban Role  You will be required to design, develop and implement software to improve my client's brands and internal projects. You will be required to define, develop, and implement web applications and other projects in response to user requirements, to deliver software on time, within budget and to an acceptable quality level, to work in accordance with current IT standards and procedures, to report to the Development Manager concerning daytoday progress and issues, to liaise with and develop useful working relationships with all parts of the business. Company  My client is a growing company that are enjoying continued success they provide advanced interactive projects to their many clients. In addition to a competitive salary (Up to ****K) this company offers you an impressive benefits package and a real opportunity to become influential in this company's future success and growth. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company that can offer you the chance to work on exciting projects in a real team atmosphere. For further information please call William Lucas on **** **** **** or forward your CV ASAP for immediate interviews to william.lucassenitor.com Rubyonrails (RoR)  ManchesterSenitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/RubyonRailsDeveloperManchester_job****