Title: ECommerce Business Relationship Manager (MCommerce, OmniChannel)
Webindex: 69544325
Company: Brightred Resourcing Limited
Description: An opportunity has arisen for an Ecommerce Business Relationship Manager working for one of UKs leading retail organizations based in London. Your responsibilities will be to act as the liaison between key business stakeholders and the IT department ensuring IT adds value and delivers outstanding service and value to both internal stakeholders and external customers. A major focus of this role will be advising and influencing capital programmes to optimise the future performance, lifecycle costs and quality of IT within the operations of the business. The key stakeholders for this Ecommerce Business Relationship Manager role will cover retail Ecommerce, MCommerce, OmniChannel, business to consumer (B****C) website delivery, transactional websites, etc. Key deliverables for the Ecommerce Business Relationship Manager will incorporate:  Understand and articulate the businesses strategy, objectives and priorities  Effective and efficient communication with the senior company management team of the group's business goals and deliverables.  Create business proposals, highlevel business case scoping  The evaluation and preparation of sound businesses cases for the IT Departments programme of work  Work with the senior IT management team to formulate a sound IT strategy  Communicate this aligned business strategy to all interested parties  Review and ensure there is an effective reporting structure between the business and IT  Ensure there is as robust budgetary process for IT  Chairing the IT Steering committee on which sits a representative of each major business unit. As the Ecommerce Business Relationship Manager you will possess the following:  Strong commercial and ROI skills  Strong experience in large/complex organisations, preferably retail, of the development/ management and implementation or support of technology systems  Broad outlook and ability to think medium to longterm.  Clear leadership and the ability to influence and persuade at all levels of the partnership  Ability to develop and maintain strong, long term relationships with customers and service providers.  Highlevel Business Analysis background, Project Management and Business Development skills  A supplier background would be ideal as you will sell and deliver proposals. The Ecommerce Business Relationship Manager will preferably have the following:  Degree level education with relevant professional qualification  Knowledge of and experience of complex relationship management with multiple stakeholders.  Knowledge of and experience in risk management methodologies  as applied to IT investment This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ECommerceBusinessRelationshipManagerMCommerceOmniChannel_job****