Title: Customer Solution Implementation Team Leader
Webindex: 69690604
Company: ARM
Description: Customer Solution Implementation Team Leader  CCNA, MPLS, ADSL,IP Access LAN, WAN, leased line Shepton Mallet ****PA plus 3% bonus My client is a leading ISP and Managed Service Provider based in Shepton Mallet. They are currently seeking a Manager of Technical Operations on a permanent basis 80% leadership and management of the Customer Solution Implementation Engineering team 20% handson CSI Engineering role The Customer Solution Implementation Engineering team is responsible for the following: Customer solution configuration and testing of the company's managed services portfolio. Acting as link between CSIE, Product Engineering, Solution Architects, and all new Product Developments, and bespoke solution issues. Act as point of contact for 3rd Line Service Assurance and Engineering on technical escalations. Production of test specifications documentation, network rollout plans, and team technical configuration templates. Perform quality audits on the solutions delivered by members of the CSIE to ensure adherence to the company's standards, and the bespoke elements of the Customer solution design. The Team Leader will be responsible for the people management of a team of approximately **** engineers and provide guidance, coaching and mentoring to all team members and ensure the clean delivery of all Customer solutions. Responsible for the engagement of cross functional team and third party providers to ensure delivery or to resolve issues as soon as practicable. Responsible for collating the weekly and monthly reports, retaining an ongoing overview of performance of team members, and updating appropriate parties. Key Responsibilities: 80% leadership and management of the CSIE Team. 20% handson CSI Engineering role Will be required to Liaise with both internal and external customer and third party suppliers. Understanding and relaying in clear and concise manner all aspects of a technical solution. The configuration and test of a range of the company's managed service products and solutions, predominantly MPLS VPN and IP Access. Regular communication with internal departments to ensure a smooth delivery, and improve the customer experience. Production of weekly management reports, describing team performance and highlights/lowlights Must be able and willing to give technical support to your team members, and other nontechnical departments. Must be able to manage the workload of your team within agreed SLAs. Reactively manage early life failures/faults for recently delivered services. Background & Training: Qualifications: CCNA essential, CCIP/CCNP highly desirable. Must have significant exposure within the Telecoms/Service Provider industry. Must have previous hands on exposure in a Customer solution implementation role. Must be analytical with high data accuracy. Logical approach to trouble shooting and problem solving. Technical knowledge: Competent understanding of DSL, Ethernet over copper/fibre, and Leased Line access technologies. Significant exposure in the implementation of MPLS VPNs on Cisco PE and CE routers and switches Have a flexible, proactive approach to your work. Possess excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Liaise with internal and external customers at all levels. Ability to prioritise, work unsupervised and make commercially minded decisions. Must be able to research and reference technical issues as needed. Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications. To have worked within a similar ISP/Telco environment.