Title: Field Sales Executive  Hosted IT/Data Services/Telecoms
Webindex: 68609200
Company: Recruitment Revolution
Description: Field Sales Executive  Hosted IT/Data Services/Telecoms Knutsford, Cheshire Up to **** Basic  Circa **** OTE  Mileage or use of a company car for client visits We are a forward thinking cloud communication provider based in Cheshire. We work with businesses throughout the North West with a specific focus on the legal and financial sectors. We don t just offer hosted telephony and internet connectivity  we help customers create better ways of working. Our systems and support give provide realtime information  helping customers to improve customer service and informing key decisions on everything from staffing to marketing. For us, 2013 is all about growth and we're looking to hire high quality proven sales people to join the team. We are always looking for talented and enthusiastic individuals to strengthen our organisation and expertise; and the next twelve months represents an exciting time for our business. Your role is to win business within the North West region primarily within a specific vertical sector. Some telemarketing support will be provided but ultimately you are entirely responsible for generating your own appointments. With a proven track record in sales you will understand the importance of sales process and the consultative sale. Training in our services and sales processes will be given within a structured environment where your development is paramount to our success. Confidence, self motivation and a self starting attitude are key attributes to this role. ESSENTIAL SKILLS/EXPERIENCE:  You have been successful having sold B2B directly  You are comfortable having sold on an ROI model / business case basis within the SME sector  You are effective and comfortable at proposing high value services i.e. asking for money  You have the ability to produce tailored, articulate sales proposals quickly  You have had successful experience of being self reliant for lead generation  You are well versed and methodical in the use of a tailored sales process  You produce accurate sales forecasting IDEAL SKILLS/EXPERIENCE:  Technology sales experience ideally hosted IT/Data services;  Successful experience of selling to a targeted vertical sector  Knowledge of the SME market within the North West (specifically Greater Manchester);  Prior experience of working within a fast growing SME. You may have worked in the following capacities: Field IT Account Manager, Area Account Manager, Telecoms Account Manager, Telecoms Sales Account Manager, Telecoms Business Development Manager, Telecoms Business Development Executive. Application Statement: By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client in conjunction with this vacancy only. The Field Sales Executive is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution.com The UK's first online recruitment agency created ****