Title: Senior Developer  C/ASPNet
Webindex: 71305974
Company: Stott & May
Description: A Senior Developer is required by a revolutionary company in the consumer Cloud Services space who are setting the standards in the industry. Started by a serial innovator in the UK, my client already has millions of people worldwide using their software in just a couple of years. They are growing on an unprecedented scale and now require a Senior Developer with an expert appreciation for Software Engineering. This is genuinely one of the most challenging and complex technical environments that a Developer could wish for, and you will be tackling some improbable problems. They are about to embark on the next generation of their product, which presents an exceptional opportunity to get involved at greenfield stage. The Candidate: As a Senior Developer you will have an extensive background in Software Engineering stemming from a relevant academic background. You will relate to the following profile:  An indepth understanding of the .Net framework, particularly C (ideally both ASP.Net and Desktop, but one or the other will suffice)  A strong appreciation for SQL and Databases, particularly SQL Server and/or MySQL  Experience of creating complex serverside applications  Ideally an understanding of Client/Server applications or Socket Programming (TCP/IP etc)  Ideally an appreciation of at least one other languages at any level (e.g C++, Java, Python, Ruby, PHP, ObjectiveC)  Exceptionally strong communication skills  My client operates across all platforms and devices, so any exposure to other platforms aside from Windows will be highly advantageous. In Return: The Senior Developer will receive an extremely generous salary, company benefits and considerable share options within the business which is expected to fetch well into six figures. You will also be working in the most challenging technical environment of your career with like minded people. If you believe you have the ability to excel in the role of Senior Developer, please send your CV / contact Aaron Neale at Stott May. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorDeveloperC%****ASPNet_job****