Title: Account Manager Cisco Solutions
Webindex: 64832214
Company: Conrad Knight Associates
Description: Account Manager Cisco Solutions As one of Cisco s most highly valued UK Gold Partners, this is an excellent career move for an experienced sales professional to join a leading B2B technology firm. The company is one of the UK s fastest growing communications and systems integrators delivering business communications solutions to both the public and private sector. The company is privately owned and has an enviable track record of growth and profitability with a solid reputation of consistently delivering service excellence. The role is a rewarding mix of sales, technical consultancy, account and project management. EXPERIENCE: o Proven successful sales record into the commercial sector o An understanding of LAN, WAN and Unified Communications technology. Previous experience of working in a Cisco environment is useful. o Have existing customer relationships. o Having knowledge and experience of a specific vertical within the Commercial sector is of benefit. SKILLS Can Do attitude  A team player  Good interpersonal skills  Able to communicate with staff and clients at all levels.  Appropriate technical and commercial knowledge  Open objective mindset  Be proactive  Embrace change  Adopt continuous personal development  Ability to organize and deliver ?projects/tasks? on time  Professional personal presentation  Strong presentation skills  Good understanding and knowledge of Microsoft Outlook, PowerPoint, Word and Excel.  Experience of selling Cisco solutions and working in a Cisco environment.  To hold the Cisco Sales Essential certification or the potential to complete this within three months of joining the company. To really excel in this role you must be experienced in Cisco based solution sales (Cloud Computing, Unified Communications, Data Centres, IT monitoring and maintenance, managed hosting, Contact Centres) and be highly proficient working with the Cisco product portfolio