Title: Apprentice Developer in York
Webindex: 69146195
Company: Baltic Training
Description: This is a government funded apprenticeship, therefore anyone with a level 4 qualification or above will be ineligible for the funding. An Apprentice Developer is required to perform any tasks typically undertaken within the software development lifecycle and is responsible for the production of unit test plans, programming and unit testing. There are two principal elements of the role:   Professional execution of all activities comprising the build phase of the software development lifecycle.  Assisting with the testing phases of the software development lifecycle. Main Duties/ Key Tasks  To ensure that are development activities are performed to the highest possible standard, within he agreed budget and that any issues are highlighted that will or could impact overall software quality  To take part in QA testing, technical and help documentation as required  Ensure that all work packages are developed and tested in accordance with the document standards  Diagnosing faults within existing or newly developed software. Once trained, the role will expand to include:  Contribute to an ongoing improvement in the development department through the development standards, the development methodology or any other processes.  To provide feedback on the daytoday processes used within the software development lifecycle and to recommended improvements to these processes where they are deemed to be ineffective. What skills will you gain  Understanding of software development lifecycle  Understanding of software development techniques  Software development  NET / C  HTML  Java Script (JQuery and Ajax)  Analysis and trouble shooting  Basis database administration Training to be provided  Level 3 Diploma in Software Development  Level 3 Advanced Diploma in Systems and Principles  Level 2 key skills (Literacy and Numeracy)  CISCO IT Essentials MTA (Microsoft Technical Associate certification) For the candidates with the greatest ability and aspirations CompTIA A and MCTS (Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist) may also be offered. Essential: Maths and English at GCSE grade AC (or equivalent). Desirable : Level 3 ICT qualification if relevant units passed (i.e. web development / programming) A level Computing and/or Maths. Skills and Qualities  AC Grade and above for Maths and English  Have an interest in IT hardware and websites  Must have the ability to build a computer  Should know the concepts of modern web design  Experience in making websites is beneficial but not essential  Good working knowledge of using Windows  Good customer relations  Ability to work well with others and fit into a vibrant office environment  Experience with XP, Vista, Windows 7, **** OS X is useful  Experience with HTML, CSS, PHP, JS, FTP, SFTP, all beneficial  Ability to manipulate photos  Ability to write good copy text for websites