Title: CRM Business Analyst
Webindex: 68346315
Company: Matchtech Group Plc
Description: We are currently looking to recruit a CRM Business Analyst to work for a large Global consultancy. Excellent career progression, UK International travel and a professional environment are just some of the benefits. Circa ****  ****k basic  19% flex uplift  bonus Working as a CRM Business Analyst you must be fully flexible for UK travel. The primary role is to navigate clients through the complexities and interdependencies of large scale Technology enabled Transformation Programmes. A strong academic background and experience of working for a major Internal CRM programme within Industry, or within the private sector for an IT or Management Consultancy e.g. Logica / WIPRO / Capgemini / Accenture / Oracle / IBM is preferred. Full life cycle implementation experience across one or more CRM systems is strongly preferred e.g: SAPCRM / SAP CRM / Oracle CRM / Siebel / Salesforce Job Requirements: Full CRM project lifecycle experience Excellent communication and client relationship management skills Methodology expertise to integrate all the elements of the delivery Demonstrable experience in using a series of tools and techniques that enable the execution of a clients Technology Enabled Transformation Programme, securing both sustained change and the delivery of business benefits. Candidates should have demonstrable consultative experience implementing technology enabled business solutions for our Clients. These solutions will include one or more of the following front office functions: Sales, Customer Contact Centres, Marketing, eCommerce. A strong business focus supported by deep process knowledge or strong operational experience in more than one of the key front office functions in a multichannel environment is essential. Excellent consulting skills are a must; facilitation, presentation skills, gaining entry and building rapport, innovative thinking, managing conflict, senior level engagement, building consensus and obtaining buyin. Experience of Business Development as well as project delivery. In depth process and benefits management knowledge is essential. Experience of working in both the Private and Public Sector would be desirable A strong teamwork ethic with a proven ability to work collaboratively. Highly developed critical thinking, interpretative and analytical skills. A proven knowledge, and application in project lifecycles (of some) of the following; oTechnology Enabled Transformation oBusiness Process Reengineering oBusiness Analysis Methodologies oBusiness Case creation and Benefits tracking oRequirements Gathering oPackage Selection oBusiness Change Management This position is live and signed off  Matchtech are a top tier supplier. Please contact Olivia Pearl on **** **** / olivia.pearlmatchtech.com for further information. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.