Title: Network Manager
Webindex: 68627296
Company: TEKsystems
Description: A global managed services organisation require a Network Manager to join their operations across the Thames Valley region. This provides an opportunity to join a rapidly expanding company, operating as team lead for network engineers and analysts. A suitable candidate will be at least CCNP qualified and have a minimum 5 years experience working within network operations as a senior engineer. You will be responsible for a team of more junior engineers, overseeing the end to end cycle of managed networks for my client's large customer base. Both remote and on site management will be included, so demonstrable experience of people management will serve as a benefit to any application. You MUST be proficient in all aspects of network management, including configuration, design and deployment. This experience must have been gained on mostly Cisco equipment, with an in depth knowledge of Cisco Switches, routing and Firewalls essential. If you are at a stage of your career where you see yourself advancing into a management position, or have relevant experience within a similar role currently, please reply to this advert with an updated copy of your CV, or for further information please email. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice. By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.