Title: Front End Developer HTML, HTML ****CSS
Webindex: 69019080
Company: iSelect Resources Ltd
Description: iSelect Resources Ltd are recruiting a Front End Designer for our client based in Shaftesbury.with skills such as HTML (HTML5), CSS (CSS3) and jQuery. Some PHP understanding would be good . We are seeking a talented individual who has a minimum of a year s industry experience and who is passionate about web design and frontend development. You will be inspired by and notice the subtlest of design detail when browsing the web. You will want to help other businesses succeed and at the same time push yourself to go the extra mile. You re always looking to make your next piece of work better than the last. Design is your passion. Your experience will include:  A strong online portfolio  Experience designing great looking websites for realworld clients  Expertise transforming your design concepts into fully functioning websites  An understanding of RWD  The ability to work collaboratively  A strong sense of craftsmanship  The desire to overcome challenges and further your skills  A great dislike of Internet Explorer **** (you ll be glad to know we don t support IE****) Additional Skills which would be nice include Print design skills  Worked on email marketing campaigns for previous clients  A passion for creating iPhone / iPad application interfaces  The ability to code jQuery from scratch You ll be producing web design concepts for clients in a variety of industries, and have the chance to take new projects by the scruff of the neck. This role will see you involved in the following: You ll start out with planning and wireframing, then move on to design (for a variety of devices), responsive development, and finally launch into the wild. There s the chance for you to write articles on the company blog, design and develop email marketing campaigns, and also get involved creating new identities for companies. Our client will also measure the impact some of their design work has, so you can be satisfied knowing you helped increase conversion on a client s website You ll also be encouraged to experiment with new technologies and use these in new projects. In addition to your salary You ll get to work on a lovely Apple iMac Potential to work Friday s from home Access to premium design resources  e.g. icon sets This is an excellent opportunity to get involved in something great, develop your skills and grow with the business