Title: Technical Java Manager
Webindex: 68179903
Company: Jenrick IT Limited
Description: Global Publishing company are seeking an experienced Software Engineering Manager who will be responsible for a team 8 technical engineers, in the Java space, with the likelihood of this expanding to **** people within 18 months. This is a permanent opportunity offering a competitive salary between ****  ****K depending upon experience. Also on offer is a comprehensive benefits package, which includes 25 days annual leave, Pension, Life Assurance, Health Insurance and many more. OVERVIEW OF THE ROLE  In this role you will manage daily activities of technical staff responsible for maintaining existing software, developing new applications, designing technical solutions and improving the quality of the software development process. You will also  Assign personnel to various projects and direct activities. Define standards and best Practices across area of responsibility. Review and evaluate work and prepare performance reports. Confer with and advise subordinates on administrative policies and procedures, technical problems, priorities and methods. Prepare activity and progress reports, regarding the activities of the software engineering area. Review and implements enhancements to systems and procedures. Recruitment of new staff and contractors. REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE We are looking for an individual who will act as the Head of Developments go to person for all things Java. Someone who is a guru in Java and the engineering practices and technologies around Java. You will look after all of the technical leads in the Java space. You will likely have managerial experience for a small team at present and be extremely hands on technically with Java. This will be a 60% Technical and Process driven role and 40% leading people. You will be required to have experience in some of the following skills also  Jenkins, JUnit, Selenium and pear programming and any other similar tools. You will also be required to come from a solid Agile background. You will also have  Full understanding of the development lifecycle including design, coding, testing and delivery both Agile and Waterfall. Experience of development, particularly around Java and Oracle SOA Suite. Good working knowledge of Quality Assurance and integration methodologies. Demonstrable experience in a similar highly technical Java role, with leadership and management of a small team of technical experts. Broad knowledge of bespoke software development and delivery, related technologies, processes and challenges particularly in the Enterprise Java space. Any knowledge of Cloud (AWS) solutions and delivery would be an advantage. Good understanding of development and maintenance processes, especially potential uses of technology and processes to improve software delivery reliability and quality. Working with onshore, nearshore and offshore developers and partners, influencing the quality of deliverables. manage teams from a process and best practice, not task basis. Define and collect realistic metrics on team performance and manage for continual improvement. Be able to act as a technical decision maker to ensure technology and design decisions are made in a timely manner. This is an exciting role, working for an organisation going through a global business transformation. There is huge scope to progress with the company and expand your career, as the team you will manage here grow and develops. If you have the suitable skills and experience for this role, please call Lindsay or Alex on **** **** or email your details to Lindsay.hilljenrick.co.uk