Title: Scala Java Developer
Webindex: 69996858
Company: Spring Technology
Description: Scala Developer/ Java Scala Developer wanted. Skills needed: Scala, Java, experience of developing Scala/ Java. sc clearance/ willing to gain sc clearance My Richmond based client is looking for a Scala Developer/ Java Scala Developer to take on a 2 month contract. Please note that this role will require the Scala Developer/ Java Scala Developer to obtain SC clearance. My client is developing a new system to acquire, store and preserve digital records. Operating at petabyte scale, it will ensure the long term preservation of government websites, and the records of public inquiries, the Home Guard and those serving in the armed forces in the interwar years. They are looking for a Scala / Java Developer to join a dedicated team within this project, focused on delivering a few key components of the architecture. The current system comprises a series of batchprocessing workflows constructed predominantly in Java, XSLT, XML Schema and Bash script running in a Red Hat Enterprise Linux environment. Further development is expected to utilise Scala and possibly the Hadoop framework so you will have a good working knowledge of these innovative technologies. An important aspect of this work will be to transfer skills and knowledge of the system to permanent staff. The Scala / Java Developer must be competent to:  Undertake development in a Java **** environment, with Spring, Hibernate, and RESTful web services  Undertake development in a Scala **** environment  Transfer knowledge to established members of staff at The National Archives. Essential criteria:  Excellent experience of programming in Java with Maven, Spring, Hibernate, and RESTful web services  Good working knowledge of Scala  Strong track record in developing and delivering complex applications, whilst adhering to published technical standards  Experience of development in a Red Hat Enterprise or CentOS Linux environment  Experience of Agile methodologies, in particular Scrum  Energy and enthusiasm and a willingness to tackle new tasks  Good interpersonal, communication and teamworking skills  Methodical and meticulous approach to work  Willingness to obtain SC level Security Clearance Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ScalaJavaDeveloper_job****