Title: NAV Developer  Global End User
Webindex: 66924947
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Job Ref: **** Job type: NAV Developer/Consultant  End User Package: c****  Excellent Benefits Location: London Position type: Permanent Contact name: Chris Pearson Contact Company: JAM Dynamics Ltd Keywords: MS Dynamics, NAV, Navision Are you an experienced MS Dynamics NAV professional? Are you capable of helping an end user reach maximum benefit of the system? Can you problem solve and develop? The Company This global end user, with a market leading presence, is currently seeking to recruit a NAV professional, to help support the internal business system process and to drive the system functionality. This is an opportunity to be at the forefront of, what will be an internal MS Dynamics NAV team. Responsibilities Working as part of a European team, you ll take ownership of the support service across the organisation, ensuring an exciting period of acquisition and internal change. Due to the onboarding of a new business, you will be responsible for driving the roll out. You ll take ownership of the development of the system, making changes at the back end, to help support successful business processes including HR, Finance and Trade ll be an experienced MS Dynamics professional with a background on NAV. You will have experience of developing the system and will have worked within an end user support capacity. You will have strong communication skills and will be able to drive change within domestic and European environments. This position will suit an MS Dynamics professional, with a background in NAV, who wants to make an impact within a large end user. To be considered for this role, please forward your most recent CV and salary expectations quoting reference ****/CP for immediate consideration or alternatively, call Chris Pearson on (Apply online only). I am offering **** for any successful recommendations, which leads to a hire. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position