Title: Mechanical Project Engineer (Pumps)
Webindex: 68832561
Description: Mechanical Project Engineer (Pumps) Corby, Northamptonshire ****  ****  Pension  Private Medical Care Are you a degree qualified Mechanical Project Engineer looking for a fully autonomous role within a world leading company that have recently invested 18million in plant improvements? On offer is a highly diverse role within a company that operates across the globe. You will have responsibility of a wide variety of projects ranging in size and you will receive training on specific processes that will allow you to become a technical expert within the industry. This company are involved in the food industry and have experienced rapid growth within the last five years. They therefore seek motivated engineers to join the team and contribute to the continued success and excellence of the business. Within the role you will have full project responsibility from concept design right through to project completion. You will work within a world class manufacturing facility in a team of highly skilled and motivated engineers. The role would suit a Mechanical Project Engineer with experience of pumps that is looking for a leading role within a company that offer structured training opportunities. The Role:  Project management from start to finish  Liaising with Design Engineers at the start of the project  Calculating cost of the project  Liaising with European offices on certain projects The Person:  Mechanical Project Engineer  Degree qualified  Have an understanding of pumps and associated equipment Mechanical project engineer, process engineering, pumps, pipe, pump, process manufacturing, chemical, design, manufacturing, food, CAD, Corby, Northamptonshire If you are interested and think you meet these criteria then please apply or email Click here to contact this recruiter The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. 