Title: Hardware Design Engineer (Analogue/Digital  SMPS  EMC)
Webindex: 68833806
Description: A world leading technology company based in the heart of Staffordshire is looking for a new Hardware Design Engineer to join their R The successful Hardware Design Engineer will be joining a medium sized team of vibrant and enthusiastic engineers. The role will report directly to the Technical Engineering Manager who oversees the new product releases for customer specifications. This role is at a high level so the organisation is looking for selfmotivated and innovative engineer who can provide technical knowledge to less experienced engineers. You You ll be responsible for the full product lifecycle, right the way from customer specification to manufacture. You ll be required to update and modify old legacy products as well as working on new cost efficient devices for the Big 6 . You ll be coming in at a senior level, so will also be responsible for helping less experienced engineers. Technical Skills: Analogue/Digital Electronics Design Schematic Capture PCB Design Big 6 . As the business develops, there will be opportunities for career progression as the business will require more experienced engineers. As a multinational organisation, there is strong stability in this position and a good platform to kick on with your career. If you are interested in the position, looking to further develop you career in hardware design please forward your CV or call Jack on **** **** **** Interviews will be taking place throughout December and January, so please apply as soon as possible If this hardware design engineer role isn t of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. JAM is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position