Title: Data Scientist
Webindex: 66704657
Company: Sparx
Description: About Sparx Sparx is revolutionising the way students learn and teachers teach. We re developing an extraordinary new technology for the classroom that is redefining the limits of what young people can achieve. Imagine a classroom in which every student receives an individualised learning experience. Imagine a classroom in which a teacher has detailed insight into each child s strengths and struggles. That classroom is one using Sparx. We re looking for people with a deep passion for education and a belief in the power of technology to improve it. Things move fast at Sparx so we need people who assume excellence is a given and who are ambitious, creative and technically brilliant. People who want a challenge; people who want to make a difference. Job description As a data scientist at Sparx, you ll be untangling and utilising the incredible volume of data the Sparx system generates. The volume, and richness of our data set just keeps growing one year group in one school generates **** data points in just one day. We re not talking about analysing markets, or survey results. This is the human mind. And you ll be working out how to help it evolve. You ll be responsible for analysing our database as it grows, implementing sophisticated algorithms and analytical routines to work in realtime in the classroom, and working offline to extract and communicate to the team insights from the data that will drive Sparx forward. About you You could work in a top bank or hedge fund, or lead the statistics department in a University. But you know their data isn t a patch on what we re dealing with here at Sparx. Complicated mathematics comes naturally to you, you devour data and are quite at home working with vast, messy data sets. You re obsessed with finding out how, and why, things work. With a passion for the value of quantitative research, your approach is iterative and scientific, and your attention to detail is second to none. But as well as having the excellent technical knowledge and ability to get on with it under your own steam, you ll also be eloquent in bringing the data to life for those that aren t quite as, well in it as you. We are recruiting for both entrylevel, and more experienced candidates. Our team We work hard, and we play hard. You ll be able to see Dartmoor from your office window, and get to the beach in **** minutes. Our generous benefits include substantial holiday leave and the chance to join our share scheme and company pension once you ve completed your probationary period. We also have a range of onsite facilities for all employees to use free of charge. There s a netball court and a fiveaside football pitch just outside, an onsite gym with classes throughout the day, a running track and pool table, a 2012 Olympic table tennis table and a caf serving delicious and organic food. Did we mention it s all free? On top of this, we re constantly organising events and activities to support our charities, and to socialise. We trust our team and want them to work in the way that suits them best; whether that s flexible hours, working from home or creating brilliance while wearing flip flops. Finally, pick your technical set up and we ll get it  whatever works for you. To find out more, and to see the other roles we are recruiting for, please visit our website at www.sparx.co.uk. Apply now If this sounds like the role for you, send your CV and covering letter to recruitmentsparx.co.uk explaining how you are that energy we need. The closing date for all applications is 28th February 2013, although applications will be considered on a rolling basis so please apply as soon as possible. Please also let us know where you saw this job advertised.