Title: IT Project Analyst (Graduate, IT, Excel, Milestone dependencies
Webindex: 71277411
Company: Review Limited
Description: IT Project Analyst (Graduate, IT, Excel, Testing, Client facing) A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an IT Project Analyst to join Amsphere, a progressive and rapidly growing IT company, working with major clients. This is an ideal role for someone seeking to progress their career within the IT industry, IT consultancy or project management. Company Overview Amsphere is an independent project delivery assurance and software testing company based in the UK. The Company has been particularly successful in building a presence in the retail, government and financial services sector by successfully managing large projects and programmes, mitigating risk and providing improved governance for its customers. The key services consist of Independent Delivery Assurance and Testing, Knowledge Risk Management utilising its revolutionary methodology and toolset KAAMS™ (Knowledge Acquisition And Management Services) and Environment Management The successful IT Project Analyst will have excellent analytical skills and have experience and/or exposure to project coordination, software development life cycle, project reporting and testing. You will demonstrate a passion for conducting research into issues and an enthusiasm for executing tasks whilst working in a demanding environment. Role Description: The role of the IT Project Analyst is to work within the programme quality management team, and be responsible for analysis, reporting, and management of project quality issues. This individual is also expected to take a lead in preventing data quality issues by identifying errors, and working with various internal or external teams to ensure process compliance. Key Responsibilities: • Identify and ensure the resolution of data quality issues, such as uniqueness, integrity, accuracy, consistency, and completeness. • In conjunction with the development & testing teams, devise, coordinate, and conduct datacleansing initiatives for the purpose of regular project reporting and tracking metrics for quality governance • Identify issues within testing cycle by supporting testing teams and communicate findings. • Develop and enforce methods and validation mechanisms for accurate reporting, measurement of various metrics and regular project assurance activities. We are looking for someone who has: • Ability to effectively prioritise and execute tasks in a highpressure environment • Good written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills • Ability to conduct research into issues • Ability to present ideas in businessfriendly and userfriendly language • Highly selfmotivated and directed • Attention to detail • Teamoriented and skilled in working within a collaborative environment Experience: • Excellent knowledge of reporting techniques and metrics measurement • Excellent technical knowledge of Excel • Strong understanding of software development life cycle • Understanding of IT platforms with exposure to any one technical language • Understanding of data reporting tools such as MS query • Excellent analytical skills • Customer focused • Professional in challenging situations • Good interpersonal skills at all levels of contact