Title: QlikView Developer London City
Webindex: 68495243
Company: Atticus
Description: Qlikview Developer The Atticus MI Practice is a fast growing division of Atticus Associates, the specialist IT consultancy serving the UK insurance market. We offer our insurance clients both specialist MI advisory and MI solution implementation services (Datawarehouse design and build, strategic data marts, reporting tools, dashboards etc). We are a practice built on a solid core foundation of ethics, integrity and quality in our deliveries to a valued customer base which includes many of the leading FTSE 250 insurance firms. We are currently looking for a Qlikview Developer/Analyst to join our MI Practice team on a permanent basis. The role is to provide hands on development of the Atticus MI product offering (our London Market data model and Qlikview/Tableau dashboards) alongside active consulting and analysis work on client sites. This is a fantastic opportunity to get full training within the Insurance market data models if you have strong Qlikview experience. You'll be a quick learner and be able to get up top speed with insurance data models quickly, interrogate insurance data systems; produce technical assessment of MI reporting systems; and to provide hands on design and build skills using some of the latest in memory MI reporting tools such as QlikView. You should have the following skills: Excellent SQL skills and experience, especially Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2/SQL Server 2012, Reporting Service, Integration Services, Analysis Services Good knowledge of Datawarehouse design and development Knowledge of MI reporting techniques and systems along with strong knowledge of QlikView Strong interpersonal awareness and an ability to effectively communicate with technical teams, senior management and stakeholder Organised and concise, producing all key project documentation to the highest standard, with an ability to work well under tight deadlines and to budget in a busy and active environment A professional work ethic and a dedicated, productive 'client first' approach For further details on Atticus Associates, our work, business model and values you may wish to take a look at our website. Please send a copy of your CV. All successful candidates will be contacted within 7 days. No Agencies please.