Title: QA Analyst Test London  Financial Services
Webindex: 69037327
Company: Aston Carter
Description: QA Analyst Test London  Financial Services My prestigious financial information services client requires a QA Analyst to join their quality assurance and testing department. The successful candidate will be joining the London offices to work with a team of development engineers in supporting project delivery in a fast moving and dynamic environment. Responsibilities will also include the fullon lifecycle for a programme of projects, encompassing both functional and nonfunctional UI and backend technical testing activities. Along with a degree to ****:**** level or above in a computing, mathematics or finance subject, the successful candidate will need to have excellent knowledge of Quality Centre and SQL. You will need to have experienced the full testing lifecycle and have previous experience of working in a global business. Knowledge of automation testing and XML are also desired. The successful candidate will need to have experience in dealing with senior stakeholders and have a proven work ethic and history of achievement in previous positions. From day one you will be reporting to the QA Lead and work closely with the functional lead and development team. You will be responsible for the full endtoend lifecycle of QA and will also be actively involved in mentoring more junior test team members. The role will include all aspects of the test process from developing test plans and scripts through to identifying and developing improvements in the testing process. The most important quality to be shown by the successful candidate is the ability to deliver results. Requirements: Degree of ****:**** or above in a computing, mathematics or financial subject. Extensive experience of Quality Centre. Extensive experience of SQL. Proven track record of delivering results. Proven experience of having dealt with senior stakeholders. Experience of the full test lifecycle. If you require any further information please contact me at: Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/QAAnalystTestLondonFinancialServices_job****