Title: System Engineer (Abingdon)
Webindex: 69042445
Company: Claremont Consulting Ltd
Description: You will be joing a Technology Centre that is the centre of excellence for the development of petroleum reservoir simulation software, including the widely used ECLIPSE and Petrel suite of products. The simulators and supporting pre and postprocessors are developed by a team of specialists combining expertise in reservoir and petroleum engineering, fluid dynamics, numerical modelling, highperformance computing and software technology to meet the exacting requirements of major oil and gas producers around the world. Our client is looking for a system engineer and IT specialist to join the team in Abingdon. The team applies its specialist knowledge to test, validate and optimise our products for use by industry leading clients worldwide. Selected candidates will join our existing team of domain experts to work closely with our development teams within the Centre and in other Centres worldwide. This is a technically challenging role with access to the latest technology, substantial autonomy, responsibility and opportunity for growth. Activities/Tasks: Design, implement and maintain complex environments encompassing a variety of technologies including Windows, Linux HPC Clusters. Work with various major hardware and software partners on development of alpha and beta hardware and software. Validate that our products exceed the specified quality thresholds, working alongside our domain experts, with particular focus on our product security. Interface with technical staff and field personnel in related disciplines from our international operations. Mentor and train engineers in our technical communities. Develop and maintain professional visibility, participate in professional societies, contribute to technical publications, and collaborate on advanced projects. Required Profile Experience in Enterprise level IT and in in exercising complex programs and setups. Experience of working in a multiplatform environment (Windows and Linux). Excellent analytical and creative skills, with the ability to both define and solve problems in a demanding technical environment. Experience with script development and maintenance, preferably including Python and shell scripts. Creative and imaginative  adept at proposing and implementing innovative solutions for complex problems. An understanding of software development processes. Proactive, with the ability to predict problems and anticipate solutions before issues arise. Strong communication and team skills, and able to work under pressure and meet deadlines. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SystemEngineerAbingdon_job****