Title: Web Developer/ Mobile Developer  Multiple  Manchester
Webindex: 69250317
Company: IT Ventures
Description: Mobile Developer/ Web Developer  Manchester Greater Manchester HTML, CSS, AJAX, JQuery, iOS, Android, Blackberry My client are a well established and award winning organisation with offices just outside Manchester City Centre. They are specialists within ecommerce and mobile development and have a huge global presence that they are continuing to build on. Due to an increase in project work and long term expansion they are focusing on the recruitment of a number of talented individuals within web development, from junior through to senior web developers (mobile). The Developers will join their innovative and hardworking mobile development team, working as a member of an agile team of developers and working through the full project lifecycle. Along with the right technical skills the successful web developer/ mobile developer will be passionate about working in mobile development and take pride in their work. The developer will demonstrate a desire to learn new technologies and be willing to share knowledge and ideas within the team, helping to build the team around you. Technical skills and Experience:  Web Development background with strong front end technologies and UI  Knowledge of mobile web browsing (iOS, Android, Windows Phone or Blackberry devices.)  HTML and CSS (Knowledge of HTML5 and CSS3 an advantage)  AJAX  Build solid cross browser, cross device solutions that degrade gracefully  Javascript/ JQuery The successful mobile / web developer will have proven commercial experience in development and any experience of ASP.net, Agile, TFS, SQL, TDD and REST is an advantage. This is a fast paced development environment so the ideal web developer/ mobile developer will be highly motivated with the ability to manage multiple tasks and work well under pressure. Excellent communication skills are a must as you will be working closely as part of a team, collaborating with technology and usability experts This is an excellent opportunity to join a highly successful and growing company that will support you in your further career development and have a solid team of developers that are focused on the further success of the mobile development applications. The development environment is vibrant and their new offices are equipped with cutting edge technology and located in an area that attracts other digital specialists. Click apply and send your CV for consideration now Mobile Developer/ Web Developer  Manchester Greater Manchester HTML, CSS, AJAX, JQuery, iOS, Android, Blackberry