Title: System Tester / Test Analyst x ****  Bristol / Bath
Webindex: 68347299
Company: Redrock Consulting Limited
Description: System Tester/Test Analyst x ****eywords: System Tester, Test Analyst, ISEB, ISTQB, QTP Commutable from: Bristol, Bath, Weston, Taunton, Trowbridge, Warminster A leading organisation requires a number of Systems Testers/Test Analysts to joins it growing and successful team. The successful candidate will work with a variety of project stakeholders (including Business Analysts and Developers) to develop and execute high quality test plans. Reporting to the Test Manager, the System Test Analysts will be responsible for all aspects of system testing on a variety of projects. Projects will span a number of different business areas and technologies and offer the opportunity for technical development and career progression. Key Responsibilities Produce system test plans in compliance with the overall test strategy Work closely with Business Analysts and developers to build the system test deliverables (system test plan, system test scripts, system test data etc) to the agreed timescale and quality Assist with the creation and maintenance of system test and UAT environments Plan and execute system testing, both scripted and unscripted. Prioritisation and reporting of defects in line with process and procedures Take part in the build and release management process with the development teams (i.e. Handover testing) Attend regular status meetings as required with the testing and project teams Escalate project exceptions to the Test Manager/Project Manager Support business stakeholders as necessary throughout the UAT cycle Contribute towards future projects to automate the test process Manage allocated workload/test activities Contribute towards future projects to automate the test process Essential Skills, Experience and Competencies Experience and knowledge of business functionality Experience of system testing Good written and verbal communication skills Flexible approach to work; adapting to peaks and troughs of activity 100% dedicated to delivering high quality products to deadlines Self motivated and able to work alone or in a team Desirable Skills, Experience and Competencies Graduate in an IT related discipline Experience of using Testing tools e.g. HP Quality Centre, QTP etc ISEB/ISTQB Foundation Certificate Excellent opportunity to join a market leading organisation that invests heavily in its employees and encourages development and progression. You can also expect a thorough benefits package. Please send CV ASAP.