Title: Security Architect (SC Cleared)
Webindex: 69572963
Company: Synergize Consulting Ltd
Description: Our client, a wellestablished Global IT Services Outsourcing Organisation, are currently seeking an experienced Security Architect to join their friendly team on a Permanent Basis. This exciting Opportunity will be based at our client's busy and secure site in Reading. However, Candidates must be flexible and willing to travel. Due to the confidentiality of our clients work, the role requires the successful applicant to hold security clearance to SC level or be will and able to undergo the MOD/Defence Business Services National Security Vetting process to achieve this. Main responsibilities will involve: Taking responsibility for interpreting security policy coupled with customer security requirements and ensuring that the design of architecture meets these requirements. Ensuring that this aspect of the solution is delivered in a way which is costeffective throughlife and meets the requirements of the customer, including development, delivery, support, hardware and software. Taking responsibility for all security aspects of service design. This responsibility extends to all stages of the life cycle. Ensuring that current live solutions continue to meet security requirements, the security aspects of servicespecific delivery processes and approaches. Designing responsibilities for any securityenforcing elements of a solution. Working with design architects to help deliver secure solutions in accordance with current policy, together with customer security and technical requirements. Establishing and maintaining cohesion within their particular area of responsibility. Providing input to HLDs and LLDs and reviewing the drafts, if required. Ensuring that design documents contain the correct level of security requirement traceability. Producing technical securityorientated policy documents and white papers for customer discussion. Interacting with the customer as security representative on joint workshops and meetings. Responsible for advising inhouse or with the customer where security expertise is needed. Scoping activities to establish the requirement for Technical Architects needed to support specific activities, such as Capability and Quantity. Taking responsibility for supporting the Service Design Accountable Lead in security matters. Responsibility for supporting programme and project managers in ensuring that projects and programmes deliver the appropriate level of security traceability with the required business outcomes. Skills qualifications will include: Experience of security matters, documentation, practices and enforcement. Experience of applying commensurate security controls for risk treatment. Written communications  clear technical writing and presentation. The ability to articulate ideas and thoughts and to present to management and senior clients. Good interpersonal skills and a good working knowledge of the service design area. Desirable skills and qualifications could include: ITIL Version **** Information Assurance. CLAS certification (current or expired) or working towards. CISSP. Working to CESG guidelines. In addition to the salary and the opportunity to work with a global organisation who can offer a great career path, this position also offers corporate benefits such as: Car allowance 25 days paid holiday Up to 15% bonus scheme Up to 10% company pension contribution: Standard contributions are 3% employee  6% Fujitsu The employee can increase their contribution to ****%  Fujitsu will double at 8% The employee can increase their contribution to 5%  Fujitsu will double at 10% The employee can increase their contribution even further but Fujitsu will cap their amount 4 x salary Life Assurance dependants benefits Single Medical Cover