Title: System Security Analyst
Webindex: 68352838
Company: FINTEC recruit Ltd
Description: FINTEC Recruit is seeking a Systems Security Analyst. Our client is an international engineering support organisation working in marine, oil and gas, nuclear, rail, defence and renewable sectors. Responsibilities The primary responsibility of the Systems Security Analyst is to identify, notify and respond to security threats across our networks. •Provide system security advice to system management, system staff and users; •Monitor hardware, firmware and software modifications and enhancements to the system to ensure that security is not breached and ensure remedial action is taken in a timely manner; •Review security patches. test and deploy (or assist and/or monitor) these patches to all relevant systems; thus mitigating against security vulnerabilities and other bugs; •Maintaining and examining system security logs, which should record sufficient details about the normal activities of the system to allow a history of events to be reconstructed, making use of appropriate forensic techniques and technologies; •Ensure that records of hardware, firmware and software changes and defects are kept and regularly examined for unusual trends; •Monitor the backup and recovery of relevant system security information; •Report any system security loopholes, infringements and vulnerabilities that may come to light, to the Security Operations Centre Manager, and Information Assurance Team in a timely manner; •Where requested by the Information Assurance Team, initiate any security investigation into possible security breaches, which may involve HMG protectively marked information; •Ensure that within Babcock IS all personnel having access to the system are appropriately security cleared and/or supervised, and are aware of the local security regulations; •Maintain a record of anyone authorised to use any part of the system and the extent of their authorisation; •Control and issue passwords or other access control devices, where relevant; •Liaise with contractors to ensure that maintenance is carried out without endangering security; •Ensure the proper custody of magnetic media and other system documents; and Skills & Experience •Experienced Security Analyst •A proven track record of delivery in a multidisciplined environment •Demonstrable experience of security related incidents and work requests •Experience of UK HMG information security processes and policies •Familiarity with industry leading security products •Knowledge of SIEM toolsets. •Experience of working within a change control and incident management environment •Detailed internet, networking, and computer knowledge (software & hardware), •Understanding of systems administration, intrusion detection and vulnerability analysis. •Experience with security testing tools, development of threat assessments and security testing methodologies would be advantageous. •Experience with network troubleshooting tools like network sniffers, TCPDUMP or IPTRACE utilities. •Experience with methods for ethical security hacking/penetration testing. •Knowledge and experience of SPF, JSP **** •Qualification in GIACGCIA (GIAC Certified Intrusion Analyst) desirable Qualifications •Security Clearance is an advantage Full details on application. Please send your C.V. to apply and quote Ref: **** Applicants must have the right to work in the UK. FINTEC recruit specialise in Engineering, Technical and Financial recruitment for permanent and contract positions, UK and International