Title: SAP EDI usining GXS AI
Webindex: 68685438
Company: CMS Distribution Ltd
Description: We are looking for a professional individual on a contract basis to join the IT team to work on a project for approx 2 months to support them in setting up new trading partners for EDI on SAP, including testing of new and existing trading partner maps on GXS AI and configuration of communicating system ODEX. This is a unique and challenging opportunity which will include monitoring the status of EDI systems ensuring timely resolution of any issues and assist to ensure the current EDI integration is seamlessly and efficiently realised in a timely manner. To succeed in this role, you’ll be bright, energetic and knowledgeable about GXS Application Integrator (AI). You will be managing lots of different information sources and IT systems but 12 Months  ODEX Communications is an essential requirement for this role. You’ll have to have flexibility, commercial and technical experience and be highly organised as well as a whiz at multitasking. You’ll keep on top of everything through your excellent time management and keen eye for detail. You'll be a natural at operating to a high level on SAP Finance Logistics modules or other ERP with Strong experience of databases, SQL and other data formats. This is an excellent opportunity for someone looking to support our Group on a contracted basis. If you’re up for the challenge and can see yourself working in a fast moving, expanding Company that is rapidly expanding, we'd love to hear from you as soon as possible. Skills A great candidate for this role essentially will have:  **** 12 Months  GXS Application Integrator (AI) Experience Essential  Excellent problem solving skills, creative flair and attention to detail  Selfstarter, capable of managing own time and working to tight deadlines in isolation or as part of a larger project team  Strong Communication skills  Preferred Skills  12 Months  ODEX Communications Experience Essential  Computer Science degree (or other degree incorporating significant Computer Science modules)  IT/Business Consulting background  12 months  experience of SAP Finance Logistics modules or other ERP Strong experience of databases, SQL and other data formats Exposure to structured agile development methodologies  Be able to Work to tight deadlines  Have the ability to keep several plates spinning at once If you think you fit the bill, then we would love to hear from you. To apply: email hrcmsdistribution.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAPEDIusiningGXSAI_job****