Title: Organisational Change Consultant  All UK Locations
Webindex: 72161404
Company: IT Consort
Description: Organisational Change Consultant  ****k  Nationwide Locations available  Bonus Organisational Change Consultant are urgently required through out the UK, by my client, a Leading Global Consultancy. The Organisational Change Consultant will specialise in navigating their clients through the complexities and interdependencies that characterise large scale programme of change underpinned by investment in enabling technology. The Ideal Organisational Change Consultant would have programme management and client relationship management skills who are experienced in the pragmatic diagnosis, design and delivery of largescale change programmes. The ideal Organisational Change Consultant will have an innovative approach to organisation design, culture change, shared services, which ensure the operating model is reinforced by appropriate structures and ways of working. Processes are key to a successful Change Programme. Therefore the Change Consultant should possess a series of tools and techniques that enable the effective and efficient execution of a client's change programme. The Organisational Change Manager should also secure sustained change and the delivery of business benefits through collaborative working with teams. This will inevitably lead to an organisational operating model design that integrates all the elements of transformation delivery into one coordinated target operating model. Our business consultants help our clients address the people side of technologyenabled programmes of change by providing advice and assistance such that the business benefit is optimised and inherent risk effectively mitigated. We work within a wide variety of engagement models. In your work, you will: Take an active part in sales and presales activity, making significant written contribution to large bids (typically ********m) and resource estimation as well as managing smaller proposals ( Develop client relationships outside of the IT function at senior management level and influence at board level; Identify critical peoplerelated programme risks quickly and work with clients to develop and deploy change management strategies and plans; Be seen as a subject matter across a broad range of organisational change elements; Define packages of work with clients to address specific areas of need; Work alongside clients to address the people side of package implementations (inc. SAP and Oracle) and bespoke IT developments, applying interventions appropriate to the development life cycle; Supervise staff on assignment and foster the development of juniors as a line reviewer; Make a significant contribution to development of method and expand the knowledge base within the practice; Credentialise the consulting practice through documentation of case studies and contributing to 'thought leadership' points of view. An understanding of the pros and cons of 'vanilla' implementations vs. customisation and their impact upon organisational change. External consulting experience or an internal consulting role working alongside external consultants . Supervision and coaching of staff. A strong teamwork ethic with a proven ability to work collaboratively. Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills  both oral and written. Highly developed critical thinking, interpretative and analytical skills. A focus on results and a flexible, 'cando' approach. A willingness to learn, grow and stretch in to new roles and different industries. Whilst you may have any of their UK offices as a base location, you must be fully flexible in terms of assignment location, as these roles may involve periods of time away from home during the week at short notice. We offer an excellent remuneration package to include flexible benefits and bonus dependent on the candidate's competency, skills and level of expertise