Title: Android Native Developer  Java SDK OO Agile  London to ****K
Webindex: 68592636
Company: Emponics Limited
Description: Android Native Developers  Java SDK OO Agile  London to ****  looking for **** people ANDROID DEVELOPERS About Client Client is one of the largest worldwide social networks with offices in Londons Soho Position Description As an Android Developer, you will own and drive technical implementation from specification through to delivery and beyond i.e. monitoring, reporting optimization. You will be working with a highly experienced team of Android Developers where you will both teach and learn, in an innovative and fastpaced, Agile environment. You will be responsible for delivery of key product features crucial to the company s success, using cuttingedge opensource technologies, building highperformance systems. This is a handson development role where you will be expected to understand specifications, design implementations, rapidly deliver UI and write code and test cases. You consider yourself a perfectionist at the top of your game, and get a buzz from doing more than is expected. Responsibilities/ Job Role:  Design, development, debugging, monitoring and maintenance of the clients Android app Education:  Related degree, i.e Computer Science Experience:  Consumer facing, mass market, networked, highvolume/performance applications  Impressive portfolio of live apps available in the Marketplace  Extensive experience of Android Development  Advanced Android SDK / Java skills  Understanding ability to leverage Android features  Good understanding of design patterns Object Orientated Programming  Enthusiastic about AGILE/Scrum  Knowledge of other programming languages an advantage: Java, PHP, JavaScript Personal Characteristics:  Selfmotivated and ability to achieve deadlines and work independently  You`ll love to write clean, reusable code and have a passion for mobile development inside and outside of the office.  Solid communication skills and teamworking capability.  Positive and logical approach together with willingness to learn.  Attention to detail and a passion for quality  Enthusiastic and fun to work with. A desire to work with a young, fresh, social digital brand As well as enjoying competitive salaries, workers have the added benefit of private healthcare, generous holidays, company pension, gym subsidy etc in a fantatsic working environment . You are also safe in the knowledge that you are working at one of the worlds most exciting tech startups. Life there is both fast paced and chilled out. They dress casually and have employees in London, Moscow and the US . HQ is in the heart of trendy Soho, London and the office is light filled and spacious with a wellstocked kitchen.