Title: Service Delivery Coordinator  Kettering, Northamptonshire
Webindex: 68361295
Company: Aria Select Ltd
Description: Service Delivery Coordinator  Kettering, Northamptonshire This role of Service Delivery Coordinator provides support for individual business unit problem, Incident and changes Management as it pertains to Shared Services Infrastructure and Operations, and is responsible for ensuring that ITIL best practices are understood and integrated into each process, while working with business unit contacts to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of shared services delivery. This role provides and improves the relationship and communication with the business unit’s customers and provides a reliable communication channel and a trusted relationship with customers and business representatives. The role is instrumental in overseeing the Service Catalog and CMDB and for the development of specific and measurable targets aligned to agreed tiered levels for all IT Services with assurance there clear and unambiguous expectation of the level of service to be delivered by the Shared Services organization. The role will coordinate incidents and will be required to be part of a ****x**** callout rotation for incidents. Some aspects of the role will occasionally require work outside of normal business hours. This position is to be based out of our client’s Kettering, Northamptonshire offices. In order to be considered for the role of Service Delivery Coordinator , you will ideally offer the following experience: Minimum 4 years in similar discipline with a minimum of which 3 years’ experience in an midsize to large environment. Track record of working on multiple projects within a programme of work. Good working knowledge of service delivery including change, incident and problem management. Good overview of call center, ecommerce and enterprise applications. Excellent communication skills, both written, verbal and presentation skills. Resultsoriented and able to deliver and lead delivery in a fastpaced environment Effortless multitasking in a fast moving and changing environment. Systems monitoring technologies – reporting and proactive trending for issue avoidance with strong selfsufficiency and initiative work ethic. Extremely detail oriented and adept at understanding abstract concepts. Excellent customer service. The salary on offer will be in the region of **** plus benefits. Buzzwords: Service Delivery, Service Delivery Coordinator, Service Level Management, SLA’s, Change Management, Incident Management, Problem Management, Northamptonshire, Kettering. Aria Select Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ServiceDeliveryCoordinatorKetteringNorthamptonshire_job****