Title: UX Designer  Javascript, HTML, CSS, User Story, Axure, Dobe
Webindex: 69670806
Company: TEKsystems
Description: UX Designer  Javascript, HTML, CSS, User Story, Axure, Dobe Javascript, HTML, CSS, User Story, Axure, Dobe My client is one of the world leaders in delivering elearning software to a global market, and they are currently looking for talented UX designer to join an expansive company. Due to the companys staggering success there exists an opportunity to get involved in a number of projects in order to contribute to their growing success. This role will give you the opportunity to work with the cutting edge technologies in your everyday role and a real platform to push your skills to the next level. This is a rare opportunity and will provide the ideal candidate with the chance to develop a rewarding career. This role offers the candidate to work in an exciting environment, where flexible working hours exist as well as freedom to work on your own projects. The client encourage the most creative of developers to take a step into a rewarding career. This role comes with a competitive salary and an excellent opportunity to progress within a leading development team. The technologies of direct importance to this role are; Javascript, HTML, CSS, User Story, Axure, Dobe This role is urgent so please submit your CV to gakellyteksystems.co.uk for immediate consideration. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.