Title: Middle Office Transactions Specialist Banking
Webindex: 71305241
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Middle Office Transactions Specialist. Banking Middle office, Transactions, Reference data, Delta Rates, Credit, FX/MM, Structured Products, Risk and Control, Investor Products, Equity Derivatives, Vanilla, Structured Trading, IRS and XCCY Swaps, CDS, FTDs, Index Tranches, Asset backed derivatives. Excellent opportunity to join a major investment bank to deliver support within the middle office. You will need strong relationship skills to work with all levels of the front office and different support teams within various asset classes. Business knowledge of structured products are key. The ideal candidate will have strong knowledge of the front to back processes and will be able to understand the business, their limits and caps that relate to KPI's whilst continuously improving the departments operating model and regularity requirements. You will need the following skills in order to deliver this role; Strong business knowledge of rates/credit markets including vanilla and structured trading. Be able to understand cashflows of the front office environment Understanding of the whole front to back process. Familiar with running reconciliations Knowledge of Margins and general CSA Strong Excel skills Candidate will be of a banking background Please send cv for review Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/MiddleOfficeTransactionsSpecialistBanking_job****