Title: IT Support Analyst (laptop / mobile)
Webindex: 69250739
Company: WEVE
Description: IT Support Analyst (laptop / mobile) Weve, is a joint venture between the UK s three largest mobile network operators (MNOs)  EE, Telefonica UK (O2) and Vodafone UK and has been created to develop a mobile commerce platform available to any business organisation in the UK. The company is a focal point for a whole new set of experiences and ideas across the mobile spectrum, everything from mobile marketing and advertising to payments and transactions, loyalty programs and coupons. Weve integrates every disparate link in the mcommerce chain, with a virtuous circle of mobile interactions, designed to make life easier for businesses wanting to engage in the mobile space and consumers who want to use mobile services. Weve gives businesses access to a single, consolidated customer base, via our shareholders through a single set of services. Position: IT Support Analyst Location: Central London Salary: ****k****k Pro Rata Contract:3 months Temp with permanent position after. ROLE: The IT Support Analyst is to provide onsite IT services, including installs/moves/changes and desk side support to the user community. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Attaining exceptional levels of customer service through the provision of onsite IT services to the user community. b) Responsibility for all on site desktop IT requirements. c) Project work as required. d) To include 2nd line support of Desktop / Laptop Hardware where required by escalation from third party Service desk. e) Carry out laptop build commissioning as required and carry out new user setup. f) Basic fault diagnosis and monitoring. g) Able to work unsupervised to defined administration and maintenance schedules. Able to work as part of a team and individually on projects. Working to defined project scopes, time scales and agreed objectives. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Proven experience in a corporate support role. b) Windows 7, Office 2010 essential with Office **** and Mac OSX **** beneficial. c) MCDST or MCT qualified with ambition to achieve higher certifications. d) Strong customer centred working approach. e) Able to work as part of a team and individually to support internal customers IT requirements. f) Effective communicator. g) Strong planning and organising skills. h) Previous experience working in deadline driven environment. i) Ability to use several different analytical techniques to dissect a problem. You may have experience of the following: IT Support Analyst, Network Engineer, IT Helpdesk Support, Fault Desk, Desktop Engineer, Support Analyst, Systems Administrator, 1st Line Support, Helpdesk Engineer, MCT, Desktop Support, MCDST, IT Helpdesk, 2nd Line Support, Network Analyst, Network Administrator, IT Support, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.