Title: Data Centre Service Operations Manager
Webindex: 69171692
Company: Eden Brown Ltd
Description: Europe's leading privately owned IT services organisation . We provide bespoke data centre services to an extensive and ever growing customer base via are own data centres including our newest data centre , which is the first in the UK to be awarded IL**** accreditation from Her Majesty's Government . We now have a real career opportunity for a talented and experienced Data Centre Operations Manager to join our Data Centre team in Birmingham to : Provide operational management and overall accountability for the endtoend delivery a UK Datacentre Services. A key focus being the delivery of Cloud and TechnologyonDemand based services and solutions, together with support for Customer using the CoLo facilities within the DataCentre. The role provides overall responsibility for the design, development, implementation, support and continuous improvement of processes, controls and service levels for managing the Datacentre Services team and associated functions. A key aspect of the role is to ensure a structured, service management led approach to datacentre planning and administration, primarily focused on the customer environments and supporting internal infrastructures. Ensure the operational performance of service against SLA is achieve;ensuring that the services delivered meet the clients' expectations and all customer matters are managed efficiently and effectively. Duties will also include:  Day to day management of the Datacentre Services department and act as an escalation point for any operational or service related matters.  To review the capacity of the environment with regards to resource and operational systems and manage required change, in line with demand, to ensure quality delivery within defined service levels particularly in the delivery of Cloud and TechnologyonDemand based services.  To comply with and drive the ISO  accreditation'sons required by the datacentre business and to drive a programme of continuous improvement to ensure thaccreditation'sons are maintained, reviewed and communicated to the NOC teams and enforced with customers.  To define annual budgets incorporating business growth needs for technology, staff resource and training needs for the year ahead.  Liaise with relevant members of tcompaniesies UK Services to assist with the formulation of Datacentre Services strategy and develop team capabilities in line with strategy decisions.  To adhere to, and ensure all team members comply with all company policies and processes as communicated by line management in accordance with corporate ISO  BSaccreditation levels.  Ensure all staff maintain the required levels of security clearance in line with ISO27001 policy and customer specific requirements.  Ensure the qualification of all proposed services for quality, conformance to company standards, technical content, pricing and ability to deliver.  Work in conjunction with the appropriate business development functions to understand the opportunities within their accounts and develop team skills in line with future requirements.  To ensure the department maintains technicaccreditation'sons as required by management in accordance with the guidelines provided by manufacturers and software vendors.  Plan and implement DataCentre Services resource requirements and recruit either temporary contract or full time resources as required.  To obtain Security Clearance.  Responsibility for the facilities associated with the two Data Centres within Birmingham . Eden Brown is committed to equality in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. Eden Brown Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DataCentreServiceOperationsManager_job****