Title: PHP Web Developer Role
Webindex: 71199433
Company: Rouge Media Ltd
Description:  Brief, analyse, develop, test deploy dynamic, database driven, content managed eCommerce websites to W3C WAI standards  Support maintain all live websites/development  Including hosting domain management  Carry out research development on emerging technologies be proactive in suggesting new technologies systems At Rouge, as champions of Open Source we predominantly use PHP/MySQL to provide bespoke development or use a number of off the shelf content management systems. Drupal is our preferred CMS but we remain open to using new technologies solutions expect the successful candidate to be flexible excited by the prospect of diving into something new. Although an account manager will run projects day to day we like designers developers to talk directly with clients. We will expect the successful candidate to be comfortable in front of clients, be able to take a technical brief, discuss solutions ideas work with account managers to provide ongoing support. Everything we design at Rouge is bespoke to the highest standards. We expect designers developers to demonstrate the highest levels of attention to detail. Although the successful candidate will not be involved in visual design we expect them to be sympathetic to the design process, be happy to work with supplied artwork know when there is a pixel out of place The successful candidate will be organised: they will be involved in project planning will be documenting all development maintenance. Responsibilities  Developing websites, intranets, blogs, emailers other digital marketing materials  Maintaining supporting live digital development Personality Attributes  Passionate about coding technology.  Selfmotivated willing to go the extra mile to build stunning work to tight deadlines.  Enthusiastic, flexible, reliable, capable of working alone or as part of a team be able to demonstrate a genuine desire to learn. Skills Qualifications  At least 3 years experience of bespoke development  Precise development skills with an eye for detail  Able to work on multiple projects simultaneously in a fastpaced environment with frequently changing priorities  You will have an impressive portfolio of development projects  PHP, MySQL (LAMP)  CMS: Drupal (or similar)  (X)HTML, CSS  JavaScript (jQuery etc hand written)  Experience with eCommerce sites Bonus technical skills/Exp  HTML5  CSS3  AJAX / JSON  Flash/ Actionscript  Apache Server  .NET  MSSQL  eLearning  PCI DSS