Title: Senior Modelling Analysts x****
Webindex: 68838154
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Senior Modelling Analysts x**** Location: Leeds Salary: to ****  bonus & benefits Responsibilities of the role. • To develop, enhance and support a wider range of statistical modelling. • To support the development of an IRB modelling approach for Basel II retail Credit Risk. • To formulate key assumptions and drivers of impairment and present to stakeholders from Analyst to Senior Management. • To explore new modeling approaches (clustering, segmentation, Strategic Analytics approaches etc) that would enable more robust forecast. • To develop and maintain the stress testing framework. • To provide timely scenarios credit risk analyses, across the residential lending, commercial lending and lifetime mortgage exposure, under the Central Scenario. • To undertake stress tests of the portfolios under a defined economic scenario • To provide support to Credit Risk Analysts in the production of both regular and adhoc credit risk analyses. Skills Required • Strong SAS skills  with ability to manipulate large data sets, automate monthly SAS processes and debug SAS code with minimal steer. • Strong Excel skills  with ability to work with multiple work sheets, pivots etc. • Highly numerate / statistical knowledge  able to work with numbers and make error free calculations. • Stakeholder management • Innovation – able to design and deliver new management information and analysis that supports and enhances forecasts and forecasting processes. • Team working – enjoys working in cross functional and virtual teams. • Time Series  Forecasting knowledge. Experience • Experience within the Risk, financial industry or in an environment with exposure to portfolio stress testing and scenarios analysis within a financial institution. • Indepth knowledge and understanding of statistical aspects • LogisticLinear Regression, Scorecard experience. • Analytical experience on Basel modelling (PD, EAD, LGD, Economical capital requirements etc). • A degree qualification in a relevant discipline, e.g. Maths/Statistics, Economics. Please send your CV to [contact details removed] or call Sophie Creswell on [contact details removed] .