Title: Embedded System Verification Engineer  Embedded C
Webindex: 71807845
Description: Embedded Systems Verification Engineer  Embedded C, Test. I am looking for an experienced test or verification engineer with experience in embedded systems and Software to work with a leader in microcontroller development. Embedded C, Test, Verification Embedded Systems Verification Engineer  Embedded C, Test. I am looking for an experienced test or verification engineer with experience in embedded systems and Software to work with a leader in microcontroller development. This role requires experience in embedded software verification or testing and will rely on a firm grasp of embedded software and hardware and will provide the opportunity to work at the forefront of technology. You will be working in their international verification team testing embedded software for new series of microprocessors fresh off the presses. This is a fantastic opportunity to work with cutting edge tools and technology to work exclusively with 100% new chipsets, this will require you to be versed in embedded software development as well as having a knowledge of hardware and electronics. The Role Developing detailed test plan documentation Developing new and working with existing automated test platforms Executing test plans Logging and describing issues discovered during testing Interacting with developers to resolve issues discovered during testing Interacting with clients to resolve issues encountered when qualifying thirdparty products Key Skills The following skills and experience are considered to be essential for this role. Excellent written English is essential for this role. Experience with Embedded C and Assembler Experience with gathering requirements, writing specifications and test plans The following skills are considered to be desirable for this role. Experience with power line communications, ZigBee, WiFi, applications Previous QA experience, including assembly and execution of test plans Experience with bug tracking and test management systems ISEB Foundation Level or Intermediate Level qualifications in software To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.