Title: Embedded Broadcast C Software Engineers
Webindex: 68806311
Company: Roger Jones Recruitment Limited
Description: Embedded Broadcast C Software Engineers RJ**** **** to ****  Pension, BUPA, Bonus Hampshire Embedded C real time software engineers with experience of multitasking development are required by this Division due to continued growth, would consider real time C++, Java or ADA. You will be developing technically challenging, business critical software to provide flexible solutions for broadcast clients, including set top box middleware or Digital TV systems which are used by cable and satellite pay television broadcasters throughout the world. Tools and technologies used in the division include: RTOS operating systems/multitasking, Embedded C, Linux, POSIX, XML, JavaScript, Java, UML, Software Version Control (PVCS), CM systems (ClearCase), MISRA, XSI and DVB. Essential skills:  A good honours degree or equivalent in computer science, electronics engineering or communications engineering.  Experience developing complex embedded systems in C for a real time multitasking environment, would consider real time C++, Java or ADA. At least one of the following:  Digital Set Top Box architecture or Digital TV standards.  Linux development and POSIX.  RTOS and multithreaded.  Configuration Management ideally ClearCase.  CASE tools UML and Agile techniques.  MISRA / Java / XML/ DVB. This major multinational corporation has had significant growth over the last few years and continues to work at the forefront of technology and is working on a number of exciting new product developments in the broadcast industry. Recognising that people are its most important asset it has made a commitment to professional and personal development of its staff. Salaries are competitive at each level of experience, combined with offering an excellent benefits package which includes: Bonus Scheme; Private Healthcare (BUPA); Pension Scheme (8% company contribution) and 4 times salary life assurance; Sports and Social Club; Dental Cover; Personal Accident Insurance; 25 days holiday. For further information, please contact Roger Jones. We specialise in technical recruitment, feel free to call for an informal discussion.