Title: Java Software Architect  Application Design/Development/Integration 
Webindex: 72161263
Company: Scope AT Limited
Description: Experienced Java Software Architect required with substantial experience across all aspects of the software development and the delivery life cycle  Java Development background crucial: covering Development Best Practices, Core Java, OO, Design Patterns, Frameworks, etc You will have extensive knowledge of architecture, analysis, design and development of multitiered J****EE applications and SOA based solutions, with good understanding of the Rational Unified process and Agile methods. Maintaining indepth knowledge of strategic business plans and ensure alignment with the Software Architecture and overall architecture strategy. Developing and maintaining a pragmatic integration and software development methodology. The Role: To review and align all applications, including Legacy applications, in a cost effective manner. To define software architecture and standards, and communicate these to the business. To advise other members of the architecture and development teams of the software design best practice. To provide a consultative role in projects in terms of application, integration and software support throughout the project life cycle. To continually review the software architecture and advises of solutions to meet the requiring needs of the business. Technical Requirements: 10 years experience within systems development and design, preferably within multiple business domains and from a consulting background: Financial Services, Insurance, Banking, etc Knowledge of multiple programming languages: Java, C++, .NET, etc OO Design/Development experience Proven experience of leading technical and nontechnical staff and supporting change management activities. Experience with Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) integration technologies and patterns. Good understanding of messaging: JMS Good understanding of the UML design methodologies from analysis through to implementation models. Good understanding of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and integration patterns. Indepth knowledge of Web Services technologies and patterns. Good understanding of Continues Integration Methods and products used in this area (eg Hudson, Maven). Experienced with XML, XSLT, XPATH Good understanding of UI technologies: GWT and/or JFC. An understanding of Security Modules eg NTLM and SAML. Scope AT acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website.