Title: Web Development Manager / Technical Lead (eCommerce)
Webindex: 68682788
Company: Next Retail
Description: Web Development Manager / Technical Lead (eCommerce) Our client is a FTSE100 retail company employing over **** people across the UK and Eire, and increasingly in Europe. Their Head Office and their Directory Contact Centres are based in Leicester in the East Midlands. They have over **** stores and numerous Distribution and Warehouse operations. Position: Team Leader  eCommerce Location: Enderby, Leicester Salary: Circa ****k to ****k ROLE: The eCommerce Team Leader will act as first line management to a team of web developers to ensure assigned projects are delivered to time, cost and quality. The successful candidate will have good leadership skills and a proven track record of delivery in a dynamic and reactive development environment. The role demands excellent understanding of the .Net framework, ntier development and C programming. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Work with development teams / business teams to deliver solutions that meet functional / business requirements. Work directly with the application development teams in the design and development of web applications. b) Provide system support in response to business needs within published service levels  respond to and resolve break fixes and execute preventative maintenance solutions. Provide first line team support and supervision including regular one2one review and team meetings. c) Undertake formal reviews in accordance with our client's performance review process. d) Take part in evaluations and reviews of programming methods, tools and standards. e) Document all work in accordance with agreed standards. f) Take part in reviews of own work and lead reviews of colleagues' work. g) Monitor and manage performance of the application support activity. Takes full responsibility for its effectiveness. Takes action to remedy deficiencies. h) Ensure integrity, availability and the security of information and systems. i) Contribute to the development of our client's applications strategy. j) Ensure the ongoing availability of their systems solutions working toward improved system availability. k) In consultation with more senior management design and agree appropriate enterprise architecture solutions along with standards, methods and tools whilst ensuring they are applied effectively. l) Provide guidance and assistance to colleagues in any aspect of program design, creation, testing and documentation. m) Provide out of hours support, as agreed within the functional area (e.g. system upgrades; or in support of programme milestones). ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Proven experience as a Team Leader, Senior Programmer or Business Analyst in a web development environment. b) Has attended relevant, coaching, supervision and leadership training courses. c) Excellent understanding of regression testing methodologies, usability, coding, accessibility and web standards. d) Proven ability to interpret technical documentation, architectures and functional specifications. e) Excellent knowledge of the Microsoft development platform including Visual Studio, Team Suite and NUnit testing. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Holds a recognised Project Management accreditation. b) ECommerce, eBusiness or retail experience. c) Good knowledge of web security, PCI and OWASP. You may have experience of the following: Web Development Manager, Technical Lead, Senior Web Developer, Lead Software Engineer, C Developer, eCommerce, Business Analyst, Web Development Team Leader, Online Retail, Web Architect, .Net Developer, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK's leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebDevelopmentManagerTechnicalLeadeCommerce_job****