Title: Cloud Consultant
Webindex: 72287830
Company: Webrecruit
Description: Cloud ConsultantStaines, Surrey**** Plus 25 Days’ Annual Leave, Life Assurance Scheme, 5 Days’ Annual Study Leave, Income Protection Scheme,  Day Birthday Leave, Contributory Pension, **** Day Annual Charity Leave, Private Medical Scheme, Subsidised Gym Membership and Sports & Social Club, Potential to be HomeBasedOur client is a leading specialist in the provision of innovative cloud services, running critical applications, end user computing and infrastructure management. They currently manage business critical applications for some of Europe’s leading companies including bmi, Regus, Princes Foods, St. James’s Place and Travelodge. An opportunity has now arisen for a Cloud Consultant to join their team.As a Cloud Consultant, you will be responsible for the design, specification, test and documentation of the latest products and services to support our client’s fastgrowing and agile portfolio. You will play a key role in the definition and implementation of our client’s technical strategy.Reporting to the Lead Infrastructure Architect, you will define cloud solutions and support the operation team to provide a highly resilient, autoscalable and manageable platform. You will use the latest technologies from VMware, Microsoft, HP, NetApp and Cisco as well as a range of platforms, middleware, virtual desktop and cloud services.Liaising with a nontechnical Service Designer and a wider project team, you will act as the technical design authority and take the lead in the assessment of requirements for welldefined managed service solutions. You will take ultimate technical ownership for new service offerings and support the business in assessing and creating solutions for bespoke client requirements and future strategic service requirements.Please note: for the right candidate, our client will be able to afford the flexibility to work from home regularly so this role can be located anywhere within the UK.To apply for the role of Cloud Consultant, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Cloud Consultant, Cloud Infrastructure Architect, Infrastructure Architect, IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, VMware, Infrastructure Solutions Architect, Technical Solutions Architect.