Title: Team Leader  Storage
Webindex: 66386988
Description: My client urgently requires an experienced Storage Team Leader. You will be customer focused, have excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to maintain a good working relationship with all staff in particular storage engineers and service executives. You will need to have good technical abilities along with experience of managing a small team. There is an approximate ****/**** split of your time between technical work and Team Management. You will have daily involvement in: • Reviewing Storage processes and procedures and highlighting areas for improvement • Produce and maintain document • Support and contribute to storage initiatives as required • Acceptance of completed project work as per the Physical Technology Model • Liaising with Project Managers • Contribute and critique architectural designs Mandatory Skills • Previous Team Leading experience • You will be a self starter, someone who has the confidence to challenge thinking and suggest new approaches to problems. • Firm understanding and experience of SAN fabric technologies, ongoing project service improvement and implementing best practices. • Previous experience within an Enterprise environment, with a good understanding of HP Hardware and Software including ****par, HP XP and EVA s, Desirable • Symantec Netbackup problem investigation and troubleshooting skills, with the ability to analyse and resolve technical issues. • Netapp admin skills (Ideally with certification) including exposure to Snapshots, Snap vaults and Metro Clustering. • Unix/Linux System Administration skills, including HPUX and Solaris. Due to the nature of the work my client undertakes they are ideally seeking candidates that currently hold or have in the past held high level of Security clearance. Should you be eligible to undergo this level of clearance and have strong experience in relation to the above requirements, my client is willing to put people through DV Clearance. This is an excellent opportunity to join a highly successful organisation, with a competitive basic salary and flexible benefits package along with the opportunity to work on longterm, challenging infrastructure projects. Opus IT Consulting is acting as an employment business in relation to the vacancy