Title: Senior Business Informatics Analysts
Webindex: 69471447
Description: My client, an NHS Trust in the South East, is seeking Senior Business Informatics Analysts on a permanent basis. As Senior Business Informatics Analyst you will bee responsible for supporting the Assistant Director of Business Informatics in the seamless delivery of robust health intelligence (information and performance) to stakeholders across the local health economy. The role will have a core focus on the delivery of Trust performance reporting against national standards and benchmarks set by organisations such as Monitor and the Care Quality Commission. The post holder will responsible for the production and development of operational, planning, management and statutory reports required by the Trust for external reporting and to drive core business and clinical decisions. The post holder will have extensive experience in working with benchmarking tools, activity forecasting, planning, data modelling, bed modelling, scenario logic testing, SQL, horizon scanning, an acute understanding and experience of working with Key Performance Indicators, Internal and external stakeholder engagement and Corporate Support within the NHS. Your responsibilities will include: ****To manage production of performance reporting and returns within a matrix management environment, where responsibilities and team members may be split between different managers and parts of the Trust. ****To manage the flow of work and work with others ensuring that any issues that will impact on the achievement of Trust performance objectives or on National performance benchmarks are brought to the attention of the Assistant Director of Performance in a timely manner. ****To ensure deadlines are adhered to and development opportunities are identified. To manage the timetable of work ensuring that there is suitable cover at all times. ****To promote and develop the role of Information to all areas of the Trust, to ensure increased awareness of the services and skills available. ****To support the Assistant Director of Performance in delivery of internal and external Trust performance standards and key performance indicators. ****To ensure accurate and timely delivery of all performance submissions to the Department of Health, Healthcare Commission and other regulatory bodies. ****To produce and coordinate the daytoday production of daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual returns relating to measurement of Trust performance by the Department of Health, Monitor, the Care Quality Commission and any other relevant bodies. ****Provide routine reports to the Trust, its Divisions and other relevant groups outlining performance against national standards and other key external and internal performance indicators. ****To respond to requests for information from sources internal and external to the Trust, ensuring workload is accurately recorded and requests are responded to in a timely fashion and in an understandable format to noninformation staff, providing advice as required. ****Develop and maintain processes and databases relating to the routine production of returns, including robust storage and retrieval procedures. Ensure that operating policies and procedures are documented and maintained. ****To monitor the effectiveness of reporting tools and make recommendations for change where appropriate. To ensure that agreed changes are managed with regards to the effect on staff, clients and quality of service. ****Produce and analyse data quality monitoring reports relating to data sets supporting returns, to ensure information produced is credible and adheres to NHS Data Standards. To be considered you must possess the following experience: Degree qualification or equivalent knowledge and experience in a numerate discipline plus additional specialist knowledge acquired through post graduate diploma level or equivalent relevant experience. Benchmarking of data Capacity Modelling of data Forecasting of activity data Indepth knowledge of performance returns, definitions, guidance and performance management in the acute sector Management skills Excellent verbal, written communication and presentation skills. Excellent data analysis and interpretation skills, used to inform decisionmaking processes. Ability to analyse and present data in a way that clearly tells a story. Ability to work under pressure, producing information to strict deadlines. Understanding of data flows and the ability to learn how different operational systems work unpicking the flows of data Advanced user of MS Office suite, in particular Excel, Access and SQL Server. Several years experience of using advanced IT skills. Including knowledge of spreadsheets, databases and MS Office Applications. Several years experience of working within an analytical environment (Health background would be an advantage) Several years experience of data retrieval, analysis and presentation of information. Several years experience managing a department For further details and to apply please submit your CV with references. 