Title: Graduate software tester, computer science, London
Webindex: 68360025
Company: Aston Carter
Description: My client is a global leader in high transaction, low frequency processes building and creating a multinational company that is headquartered in London. They are seeking recent software testing graduates who have a passion for learning and working within a professional environment. Near Waterloo, this is an excellent opportunity for the Graduate who has a strong computer science background. Ideal candidates will demonstrate a strong motivation for software testing in the future and will ideally posses;  A ****:1 degree from a top 30 University  Ideally some work experience around software testing  Strong communication  Passion to learn  Excellent team skills This is an exciting and rare opportunity to get your foot in the door with a global company. The resources and development within my clients capacity will grow and expand your ambition giving you a clear career structure and an excellent first role on your CV. If your a recent computer science graduate and would like to know more, send in your CV. For all applications please contact Julius via email; or phone; **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/GraduatesoftwaretestercomputerscienceLondon_job****