Title: C Senior Software Engineer
Webindex: 69159948
Company: IT Talent Solutions Ltd
Description: C  Finance  Voice  JavaScript  Start Up  City  C A financial Start Up Company is looking for a C Senior Engineer to work on an array of projects within the C field and beyond. The C Programmer will need to be situated in the City of London, experience in the Telecommunication, Security or Banking .would be advantageous although candidates who have the desired technical skills would not be at a disadvantage if experience gained is not in either of those fields. The idyllic C Developer, C Programmer, Senior C Developer will possess proven commercial knowledge in developing C along with having a knowledge of other technologies such as Java, C C++. in addition to possessing relevant Java Server Side components. In addition to Java knowledge of Microsoft technologies would be a huge advantage and a desire to think outside of the box in addition to being passionate about programming is essential. The Java developer will have the flexibility from working from home as well as working with other senior engineers in a agile environment. The company is backed by private investors and is headed by a CTO who has vast amount of experience in setting up financial and telecommunication Start Up companies. C and Front End skills such as JavaScript will be a key component in the running of the company. Financial, Telecommunication, Voice recognition (spring security) experience is a key plus as such is the use of any of these with C. Due to the complexity of the project a good mathematical brain is needed in addition to having strong skills in JavaScript to complement C during the project. Skills: C Windows C C  Java (Web Services) JavaScript, HTML, CSS MultiThreaded, Ntier Low latency J****EE based applications SOAP(Axis and Apache CXF) and REST API(Apache CXF), EJB, JMS, and XM Spring Core, Spring MVC, Struts MVC Eclipse, Subversion JIRA MySQL Unix Linux Experience in speech, voice or mobile data would be advantageous Excellent communication skills Mongo DB is desirable Responsibilities: Designing and building highvolume, highperformance, highavailability, serviceoriented web applications using proven frameworks and technologies Working and communicating with the team, including business and technical team members, suggesting technical solutions to achieve results in regards to required product features Establish realistic estimates for timelines in regards to all projects that are being worked and to establish and make sure that they are on target to be achieved. Location: London (City) Salary: ****k  ****k plus company benefits such as Private Healthcare Bonus Scheme This is a opportunity to step into a role and bring your experience, knowledge and skills to a established team. My client have ambitions to be a major player and this is great time to join. Please get in touch at your earliest opportunity to set up an immediate interview C  Finance  Voice  JavaScript  Start Up  City  C