Title: Dutch IT support agents needed for growing desk
Webindex: 68071314
Company: CareerTrotter
Description: What is the job? The Dutch IT support agent will be providing technical support for one of the most successful online services worldwide. The Dutch IT support agent will provide technical support both by phone as well as by email. The job will require you to deal as well with some English customers so excellent English is required. Furthermore the Dutch IT support agent will become part of a very successful team that has been growing non stop the last number of years so excellent career opportunities to grow in more senior Dutch IT support jobs or even become a Dutch teamleader. Who is our client? Our client is an Irishowned outsourcing company that delivers customer contact solutions on behalf of over **** companies and organisations, including some global leaders. Due to expansion of one of their keyclients they have created a large number of language jobs in Cork which they are looking to fill throughout 2013. Who are we looking for? The job of Dutch IT support agent will require you to troubleshoot a range of IT problems with online applications and SAAS solutions. You have gained knowledge of a range of Internet tools and solutions and are keen to improve this knowledge. Furthermore you are near native Dutch and have excellent English. Where is this language job based? Already the home to a large number of multilinguals, Cork has plenty to offer, such as a vibrant nightlife, while some of Ireland's most stunning scenery is just a short drive away. As a city, Cork is sports crazy with football, rugby and Gaelic Games all well supported by both locals and visitors alike. Interview process and salary The interview process will involve an initial quick phone screen while will be followed by a technical test. The next step will be an indepth HR interview and the final stage of the process will see applicants screened by a manager. The salary is €**** and a relocation package will be offered.