Title: Senior Consultant (RF, GSM, UMTS Optimisation)
Webindex: 72373543
Company: AIRCOM Contractor Services Ltd
Description: Working either as a standalone or part of an Aircom team, under supervision of Consultants above his/her grade. May manage a team of Consultants to a max of **** under him/her Job Functions: Guarantee customer satisfaction. Identify opportunities to upsell Consulting Services, highlight to Consulting Deliver Manager, and provide assistance in developing the opportunity Identify areas where services and solutions can be developed to address future client business objective, and highlight to Consulting Deliver Manager. Provide assistance in developing the service or solution. Oversee and/or Setup, calibration, utilization and data postprocessing of drive test hardware and software Perform drive testing of preliminary and existing systems and testing diagnostics. Prepare routes, oversee drive tests and measurement integration. Prepare CW drive test data for propagation modelling. Perform model tuning. Perform drive tests on various mobile wireless networks and make in field recommendations for performance improvement Post processing and analysis of drive test files. Improve network performance through site config and parameter optimization. Analysis network OSS statistics as part of the network optimisation process Detailed network planning of a variety of systems as part of a team or single deployment to determine parameters, site configuration, frequency, scrambling code, neighbour planning, etc. Predict coverage, capacity and interference across a system. Provide technical experience when solving problems within the project team Detailed design and testing of wireless telecommunication systems Perform site identifications, evaluations, selection. Analyse site engineering drawings and schematics. Interact with Site Acquisition and Construction Management functions. Deliver detailed performance engineering through optimisation, audits and benchmarking Capacity analysis, frequency planning, demographic and topography analysis using design tools such as Asset, Advantage, Planet, Cellcad etc., Deliver advice on technology and strategy as part of a project team, through modelling, design, network sharing and evolution Develop and deliver technical and project reports/docs Establish technical guidelines, project processes and flowcharts for the project team Operate hardware and software tools. Performance Measures: Customer satisfaction Successful project delivery Delivery quality Delivery within schedule Business development Education, Knowledge and Skills: Bachelor of Science in Telecommunication, Electrical Engineering or an equivalent field or relevant experience specific to telecommunication A minimum of 3 years experience in a technical role with wireless telecommunications Experience leading or project managing small to medium project teams Experienced computer skills (eg Windows, UNIX) Technical Team lead of a team size of 5 for at least six months Course work with an emphasis on wireless/cellular communications is preferred. Complete understanding of RF system design, RF coverage planning, site identification, frequency planning and interference analysis. Excellent knowledge of RF, TXM and/or Core planning, design and optimisation concepts Completed system design, build verification and optimization of at least two (****) technologies, for two networks with minimum size of ****0 sites. Demonstrated technical ability with complete understanding of RF system design, RF coverage planning, site identification, frequency planning, and interference analysis. GIS packages, including MapInfo. RF signal propagation environment, CW measurement equipment, widely used prediction models and measurement techniques, and system technologies. Link budgets, system dimensioning for coverage and capacity including traffic analysis, site RF equipment including antenna and ancillary parts. Flexibility to perform tasks required by the job. Team player who is willing to work under aggressive project timelines. Excellent communication skills (verbal and written). Ability to make presentations via web or live to groups with more than 10 people Ability to coordinate conference calls with client, action items, follow up. Willingness to travel and be deployed to projects on short notice Travel: Ability to travel domestically and internationally minimum of 60% up to maximum of 90% Ability to work overtime and/or night and weekend shifts as required Decision Making Authority: Precedent based, broadly directed decisions Goals and objectives are mutually determined Latitude to develop/modify procedures, results reviewed after the fact Moderate supervision required Team lead on a project basis within the job family Relationships and Purpose: Consulting Delivery Manager as supervisor Physical Activities and Environmental Demands: Office Environment part of the time; involving sitting and computer work Field environment part of the time involving driving, map reading, computer work, test equipment International travel Valid driving license Able to differentiate colours Fluent spoken and written English AIRCOM International is an independent provider of network management tools and services. The market leader in the provision and deployment of network engineering tools, AIRCOM products are in use across 135 countries by over half the world's mobile operators. The Senior Consultant will provide consulting services to wireless network operators and vendors for a variety of European and worldwide projects involving Network Strategy, Planning, Design and Optimization of Multiple technology networks.