Title: Head of Research Development
Webindex: 69229815
Company: Hays   North West
Description: Head of Research & Development **** ? **** Pension, 25 Days Holiday, Laptop, Mobile Bangor, North Wales Our client is one of the worlds leading company developing transaction banking solutions that automate activities such as payments, cash management, settlement, liquidity management, and the financial supply chain. There is current opportunity for a Head of Research & Development to take ownership for the development activities, staff, and processes in order to ensure that solutions are efficiently researched, developed and supported to agreed costs and quality standards whilst managing a team of 6. Responsibilities Project management & Financial: Departmental costs are planned and managed within budget Implementation of standardised project management, reporting and tracking procedures across the organisation People: Build, lead and develop the development team. Ensure that training and development needs for all staff are identified and that there are plans in place for them to be met. Ensure that staff have a full opportunity to contribute to decision making, and that performance management is a proactive and supportive process. Take personal ownership for being part of the organisation?s management team. Manage technical relationships and outsourced functions. Quality: Work with the Head of Product to define roadmap and list of functionality that needs to be delivered. Ensure that product release meets predefined functionality and time frames. Monitor technology trends and keep the product up to date with the latest developments on the technology side. Develop and maintain appropriate and documented processes, procedures, guidelines, approvals and standards. Strategic Planning: Develop appropriate long term plans to ensure that customer needs are anticipated and met according to market and technology trends. Continue to develop the role in line with changes within the business strategy, and within the UK and international business environment. Knowledge & Skills required: Ideally you will be an experienced development or software project manager who has managed teams for a minimum of **** ? 6 years, lead & motivated, with experience in software development, testing, and implementation, programming and project management. Further skills required are: Excellent handson knowledge of multiple technology platforms/languages Excellent communication, interpersonal & presentations skills Problem solving and decisionmaking Technical knowledge of web applications and systems integration Computer science or engineering to at least degree level Python Javascript Web development HTML, XML, XSL Web standards MySQL Linux Code control (SVN, Microsoft, GIT) Server/Client side processingHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk