Title: Business Intelligence Developer  SQL Server, SSRS, SSIS
Webindex: 70782428
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: Microsoft Business Intelligence Developer  SQL Server 2005/**** SSRS, SSAS, SSIS, MDX, OLAP, .Net, C  Nottingham. An experienced, Business Intelligence (BI) Developer is required to join a highly specialised Microsoft SQL Server Business Intelligence (BI) and Data warehousing team based in Nottingham. The company are well respected within the Microsoft Business Intelligence space and are renowned for bringing some of the best Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Warehousing professionals together to work on larger and more complex BI Projects. The role will allow you the opportunity to further develop your established skill base and to move into a Senior BI Developer or Team Lead position As the Microsoft Business Intelligence Developer you will need to demonstrate the following core skills and experience: 2 years experience within the Microsoft BI Space Excellent SQL skills (2005 ****), including writing stored procedures SQL Server Reporting Services | SSRS SQL Server Analysis Services | SSAS SQL Server Integration Services | SSIS Data warehousing MDX to query OLAP cubes Windows SharePoint Services Business intelligence reporting tools ASP.NET development in C This is fantastic opportunity to join a company who invest heavily in their employees with ongoing training and development opportunities designed to keep you ahead of the pack and at the top of your game. The environment is supportive, knowledge sharing and encourages team work. You will gain a unique sense of empowerment because your contribution will be recognised from day one. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessIntelligenceDeveloperSQLServerSSRSSSIS_job****