Title: SAP Consultant WM/PP, (Senior)
Webindex: 72128002
Company: Firway Consulting
Description: My client is a global blue chip organisation with a strong background in IT and an extremely large distribution network. They seek a highly talented Senior SAP Consultant with at least 5 years proven experience of modules WM / PP Responsibilities: In conjunction with the SAP Functional Team, translate proposed business processes and changes into the correct SAP functional designs and solutions. Experience in WM / PP modules are essential. Consult, with functional area, in the business process design of business processes. Your main objective will be to design a standard SAP platform. Design, develop and maintain complex business processes with minimal direction from configuration owners in the SAP landscape. Perform prototyping of new functionality. Develop detailed and complete functional specifications within the SAP landscape. Tests transports, assist business in execution of tests. Perform unit testing of complex configuration. Work with multiple teams to define and perform business tests. Perform risk analysis and mitigation. Resolve complex problems, business issues and recommend useful configuration. Perform evaluations of new SAP functionality and upgrades to existing functionality within their area of responsibility. Review design and configuration work of other internal and external consultants to identify and resolve integration issues with related functionality. Ensure Standards are adhered to. Requirements: Extensive experience as a consultant (including SAP configuration) Experience in international companies; Project management skills Has worked with more than one module and knows the integration area’s between modules Technical understanding to be able to communicate efficiently with developers Business process understanding Customer oriented Communication skills Analytical skills You Must have excellent communication skills , Finally you must be a highly motivated and driven individual if you are to succeed in this high profile role and environment. Please apply immediately by email / phone (mobile best: anytime after ****:00 before ****:00 on any day) This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SAPConsultantWMPPSenior_job****