Title: Mobile Software Engineer  Android
Webindex: 68628454
Company: Advanced Resource Managers
Description: Mobile Software Engineer  Online Learning  London  ****k My client is a worldleading provider of Online Learning solution provider; they currently have millions of users with thousands joining everyday. They offer a great environment to gain knowledge whilst earning a very competitive salary and bonus. As an exciting company that is revolutionising Online Learning they are looking for a highly skilled Mobile Software Engineer to work within their environment and have a passion in technology then this is an opportunity not to be missed. We are looking for a person with strong knowledge in developing for Android. You will work closely with the product and design team to build exciting new state of the art apps. Essential Skills: o Commercial Android development exposure o Sound understanding of the entire app development life cycle o Knowledge of mobile development practices and Android app optimisation o Strong OO Java skills Desirable Skills: o Good understanding of Android app architecture and use of design patterns o An instinct for excellent app design and user experience o Passion for working in a collaborative team environment This is a chance to contribute to a highly successful brand, feel valued and be a part of their ambitious company critical projects whilst working with like minded individuals. For the best selection of Technical jobs within the online gaming and Ecommerce industries contact Richard Pile at Advanced Resource Managers iGaming or email. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today.