Title: ICT Energy Consultant
Webindex: 68095290
Company: Enartec Ltd
Description: Our Client is a leading global player in high technology markets offering comprehensive solutions across the smart grid from component level to entire infrastructure systems. Particular strengths in the smart energy markets include advanced communications solutions, information system technology, power engineering and transmission distribution solutions, EV charging, protection, control and smart city infrastructure solutions. Overview We are looking to recruit an experienced smart grid Project Manager or a Smart Energy Expert with a strong background in ICT around the Grid and multistakeholder project/programme management. Responsibilities Development of innovative technology and business concepts around smart grid ICT infrastructure solutions focussed on city and/or community level projects.  Lead all engagement with customers, partners and stakeholders  Take responsibility for project delivery.  Lead bidmanagement, tendering and sales.  Identify and evaluate innovative technologies in Smart grid and control management systems, heating systems design and planning, grid and energy storage systems, Building Management Systems, EV Charging etc.  Form and nurture industry alliances and partnerships  Generate new business opportunities across Europe. Skills Experience  Passion for smart energy solutions and innovative technology relating to smart cities and a sustainable future  You will have a top down understanding of the space and a capacity to understand the 'big picture'  Possess a strong understanding of UK and ideally European, energy policy and regulations  Knowledge of the DNO landscape.  Strong tendering and bidmanagement skills.  UK public sector procurement experience beneficial.  Outstanding business awareness and communication skills.  The ability to work autonomously.  Openness to European travel and occasional trips outside the EU.  Previous work experience in a DNO and/or energy consulting practice of great interest  Demonstrable Programme and Project Management experience in this sector.  Excellent English and at least one other European language (ideally several). For further information or a confidential career discussion please contact Andrew McDade by email in the first instance at andrew(dot)mcdade (at) enartec(dot)com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ICTEnergyConsultant_job****