Title: Project Manager (ELearning Content)
Webindex: 71288597
Company: i4 Recruitment Account
Description: Project Manager (ELearning Content) Based in Kenilworth Salary circa ****k per annum A well established Compliance based ELearning provider is looking for a talented Project Manager to join their Client Services team. The Project Manager will work with a Programme (or Product Development) Manager and is responsible for managing projects from initiation through to implementation meeting the stated time, cost and quality of delivery criteria, ensuring that client requirements are met and exceeded. The company's portfolio includes elearning, learning management systems, reporting helplines and case management tools and GRC (compliance automation tools) management systems. Projects will typically be customisations of the their courseware library and development of new library courses. This will require the Project Manager to work with development teams and other functions within the existing company infrastructure. The role requires high level interaction with a number of blue chip clients. Excellent interpersonal, organisational, analytical and problemsolving skills are essential, as is the ability to respond flexibly to changing priorities and timescales. The role of the Project Manager will also carry the following duties: Liaise with suppliers (internal and external). Manage the project plan and adherence to deadlines. Monitoring the quality of the deliverables (particularly outsourced activity). Monitoring the costs and fees Producing status reports Managing issues and risks. Communicating with key stakeholders. Adherence to the agreed scope for each project; ensuring any changes are agreed with the client ahead of implementation. Minimum Education/Professional Qualifications and Experience Required: Essential: Literate and numerate. Experience of working as part of a project team Excellent communication skills Well developed organisational skills Excellent attention to detail Experience of working in a compliance arena (financial, pharmaceutical etc) Desirable: Management of projects Knowledge of elearning Experience of web technologies or multimedia environment Editorial experience