Title: Information Security Officer  (Leading Tech Business)  Hampshire
Webindex: 69143357
Description: INFORMATION SECURITY OFFICER  (LEADING TECH BUSINESS)  HAMPSHIRE We are seeking an Information Security Officer to join a global payment and loyalty solutions company based in Fleet, Hampshire. Read on Founded in **** this leading technology company provides multichannel global payment software solutions and loyalty services to businesses across Europe. As true innovators in their sector they were the first to introduce an integrated Chip PIN solution in the UK and have since gone on to win the coveted Award for Innovation. Joining as an Information Security Officer you will work alongside the Director of Technical Strategy Architecture creating and maintaining an overall security architecture in which software and service products can be designed against. This exciting role will see you take overall responsibility for all elements of information security covering both external services and internal security requirements. In more detail, expect to: Lead strategic security planning; develop and communicate security strategies to the operational team; ensure all security policies and procedures are established and maintained; manage the administration of all computer security systems and corresponding software; manage connection security for local area networks, websites, intranet and email; ensure PCI status is maintained and much more. To qualify You will need to be an experienced Information Security Officer who can demonstrate skills/experience in the following: Degree education or equivalent experience. Solid experience gained within an Information Security role. PCI (PCI DSS and PA DSS). QSA (auditing, documentation and processes). Good technical experience. Strong documentation skills. The ability to take ownership and gain credibility within the business. Excellent communication skills. A full clean UK driving licence. A relevant security qualification e.g. CISSP, CISM, QSAP is advantageous. Please note, this position is based in Fleet and supports services provided on a twentyfour/seven basis, therefore out of hours work and UK travel will be required. On occasion some international travel will also be required. Joining a team of talented and enthusiastic people you will play a key role within an established and well respected European Blue Chip so expect a great working environment with plenty of challenges, opportunities, benefits and rewards (healthcare, dental plans, contributory pension, fun activities and unusual perks, such as a subsidised theatre trips, gocarting and team building exercises). Get in touch Keywords: Information Security Officer, Security Officer, IT Security Officer, IT Security Consultant, Technical Security Officer, CISSP, CISM, QSAP, PCI, Information Security Jobs in Hampshire, Information Security Jobs in Fleet, Information Security Officer Jobs in Hampshire, Technical Security Jobs in Hampshire, Surrey, Fleet, Hampshire, GU**** Guru are an employment business renowned for delivering careers networking to the IT sector. In this instance Guru are managing the selection process for this particular Information Security Officer campaign on the behalf of our client. We offer a transparent service to both clients and candidates which means that if you pass our initial filtering criteria (based on your CV suitability against our client’s requirements) we will email you with the client’s details and also pass your complete application to the client for consideration. By applying to this role you are granting consent for us to work in this way. One final note, your application will only be used in conjunction with this specific role. TO APPLY FOR THIS VACANCY PLEASE SEND THROUGH YOUR CV TO THE CONTACT EMAIL ADDRESS PROVIDED. PLEASE ENSURE THAT YOU QUOTE THE JOB REFERENCE NUMBER AND WHERE YOU HAVE SEEN THE ROLE ADVERTISED.