Title: Analyst – Loss Pevention and Security
Webindex: 68854954
Company: Tesco
Description: Job DescriptionWe are looking for exceptionally able candidates who have the drive and determination to help deliver projects that change how Tesco operates. Our projects focus on delivering major improvements to Tesco’s lost prevention and security operations, systems and processes. A successful candidate will be supporting the Lost prevention and security team. Our work relies on our ability to present solutions to complex problems, convincing the business to change and combining in depth analysis with practical recommendations and the drive to get ideas implemented. Our work is highprofile and offers continuous exposure to senior Directors within the Tesco group, combined with the opportunity to swiftly deliver significant benefits to the business. Our Analysts are expected to apply a scientific approach to retail problems, delivering solutions to improve the customer experience as part of a dedicated project team. They need to have strong business awareness and the ability to combine detailed analysis with practical recommendations. They should have a good mathematical understanding while being able to explain complex issues and present solutions simply and clearly. Because we develop our people to become future business leaders, we expect our analysts to improve the business for customers, by delivering and driving forward workable solutions. The role of the Analyst covers three main areas; strong candidates should be able to demonstrate their ability across these areas. **** Business Awareness: To ensure that we consistently deliver real value for our customers it’s vital our analysts combine a strong understanding of our market and the competition with expert technical knowledge of our operation. **** Communication: To interpret complex data and communicate findings, both written and verbal, in a simple and clear way and to engage with Senior Directors to implement business change. **** Analytical Expertise: To develop and test hypotheses based on their knowledge of Tesco supply chain using carefully selected data and mathematical techniques. To deliver insightful, rigorous, analysis which will drive business change. Candidate Profile Technical Understanding: A good numerical or operational degree from a top tier university and a minimum A in Alevel maths.  Communication: The ability to communicate complex ideas simply and clearly both verbally and through written updates.  Time Management: The ability to prioritise tasks and take ownership of their own work in order to support project timelines.  Interest in Technology: While this is a business, and not an IT role, the candidate should show a strong interest in technology and its uses in delivering operational improvements. Benefits Full benefits, which include immediate access to: Award winning defined benefit company pension scheme Free life insurance After 6 months employment Discounts on purchases from Tesco After one year's employment and at the end of the financial year,you will also have access to: Shares in success reward, based on company financial results Saveasyouearn and buyasyou earn discounted share purchase scheme