Title: Local Service Delivery Manager
Webindex: 72690448
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: Exciting opportunity to join a FTSE 100 company We are currently recruiting for a Local Service Delivery Manager to be based in Chippenham, Wiltshire who will be responsible for end to end service delivery of a service management contract. This area of the business provides Integrated Command, Control and Communications systems for the UKs public safety agencies and the LSDM will be responsible for a nationwide Radio Managed Service contract Key Responsibilities of the role include: Ensure service delivery and provision of resources. Interaction with the customer and escalation point for issues. Be responsible for providing 1st line support and management of the contract Be the point of escalation for issues. Be responsible for the processes of the contract and schedules covering procurement, configuration, installation, test, audit and tracking of Customer radio terminals (vehicle installed terminals, desk mounted terminals and hand held terminals). Manage all aspects of staff, including Performance Management recruitment Manage all work scheduling Be responsible for incident monitoring Be responsible for problem resolution and/or escalation Report to the Service Level Managers (SLM) on customer and contract issues Provide operational support to the SLM in Customer meetings Provide management reports to the Service Support Manager and upwards through the Radio Network Services Operational Management team Liaise with other LSDMs to ensure a consistent approach to all aspect of the service provision Provide Admin duties to support the Technical Administrator Role Knowledge of Service Management and ITIL is essential as is experience of incident management and an understanding of SLAs. A knowledge of Remedy/RMS or similar fault management tools is advantage as is experience of supporting Radio Networks or work on Radio terminal managed services. Please note that the successful candidate will be subject to SC Clearance.Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.