Title: Solutions ArchitectSenior Analyst
Webindex: 68844684
Company: Bridgewater Resourcing Solutions Ltd
Description: Solutions Architect Central London Salary Package  Circa ****k, plus bonus and benefit package Our client is a recognised market leader in On Demand, integrated Front office software for the staffing and recruitment industry. Throughout the recruitment industry, their software solutions are utilised worldwide, by a wide range of staffing and recruitment firms  from emerging new businesses to large, global, multi sector recruitment organisations. Due to fantastic growth across Europe, we are looking to employ a Solutions Architect, based in Central London. Position Overview: The Solutions Architect, reporting to the Practice Lead of Solutions Architecture, will be responsible for gathering requirements, developing use cases, drafting functional and technical specifications, and proposing technical solutions for new and existing clients. The Solutions Architect will be a subjectmatter expert in the platform, API, and extension points and will handle technical requests related to custom development, report development, and integrations with external systems. The Solutions Architect will also engage in presales activities both via the phone and onsite client meetings. The Solutions Architect will act as the primary representative for Professional Services, using their in depth application and technical knowledge to identify, discuss and document solutions for clients needs. In addition to these technical and communication skills, the Solutions Architect will be responsible for interacting and building relationships with clients, Professional Services Engineering Delivery teams, and Sales Engineering. Key Responsibilities: Analyze client business processes, needs and strategies to document and validate required functionality and rationalize functionality with appropriate technology solutions. Elicit requirements using questionnaires, use cases, scenarios, workflow analysis Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and deliver various documents required throughout the sales / implementation process Collaborate with internal developers and subject matter experts to establish technical vision and draft functional technical specifications for Enterprise clientele. Leverage strong analytical and product management skills, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application (functional and technical) requirements. Operate as the key liaison between the Company s business units, technology teams, QA and support teams. Key Skills and Experience: Bachelor s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or a related discipline required. Must have 5 years demonstrated experience in the definition and execution of Enterprise software projects. Experience in a Software as a Service (SaaS) environment is preferred. Must have deep experience in Business Process Analysis and Modeling and experience in all phases of a SDLC (Systems Development Lifecycle) methodology. Must have expertise using Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and reusable components. Experience with web technologies, languages and frameworks (Java, JSP, SQL, HTML, XML) as well as web service technologies (SOAP, REST) is desired. Must have strong verbal, written, organizational, analytical, presentation and interpersonal skills. Travel is required for this position. For further information on this position, please email your cv to Sue Cummings  sncbridgewaterrs.com or contact **** **** for a confidential discussion.