Title: Network TDA
Webindex: 68094231
Company: Jobs at Capita
Description: Capita is the UK's leading Business Process Outsourcing organisation and a FTSE100 company considered the best in our field. We provide services to some of the biggest and best organisations across many industries in both the UK and abroad and we pride ourselves on attracting and retaining talented individuals within our professional working environments. We are looking for talented Network TDA's to join us in our highly successful IT Services Division and these roles will be based from a location suited to the best candidates. There will be extensive travel to both Capita and client sites and so we will provide either a car or car allowance. Our Network TDA's will be responsible for maintaining highlevel technical solutions to deliver business objectives. This will require you to collaborate with business analysts and end user representatives to understand and shape business requirements. The team proposes and documents a high level solution to satisfy those requirements, working closely with key stakeholders. The team also drives business improvement and cost benefits through the introduction of new technology and IT solutions. This requires us to work closely with third parties and service providers and our clients benefit from the latest technology offerings. This includes the ability to undertake research and develop and maintain relationships with third party contacts. Candidates are expected to have largescale Network Architecture experience, particularly with MPLS exposure. Responsibilities Include  Management of own work load of new work coming in and relative priorities  Provide Technical Designs at high and low levels and be of sufficient detail to allow an implementation team to deploy the solution.  Provide input to cross division technical designs that require assessment  Provide impact assessment to change requests as required  Provide prompt response to ad hoc customer enquiries.  Contribute to Team process improvements You will be required to hold certifications or show prior, extensive knowledge of; Cisco CCNA/CCDA Checkpoint CCSA Cisco CCNP/CCDP accredited Checkpoint CCSE accredited Successful candidates will have a good standard of General Education.It is ideal for the successful candidate to hold a current SC Clearance (or, employee will be submitted for, and expected to attain Security Clearance (SC) classification) It goes without saying that you will need to be personable and have a flexible attitude to your work along with a passion for achieving results. Your communication skills will be first class, both written and oral due to the business relationships you will hold. If you are looking for your next role to be close to home and want the opportunity to work within a FTSE100 organisation that is continuously growing, please contact me for further information or send your CV to suzanne.mabycapita.co.uk Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NetworkTDA_job****