Title: SAP Engagement/Project Manager
Webindex: 72549742
Company: SK Consultancy Solutions
Description: We are seeking experienced SAP Engagement/Project Manager who will be responsible for leading, planning and execution during the delivery of an SAP implementation. . This is an excellent opportunity to work for a l eading global Consulting organisation and one of the world’s foremost providers of consulting, technology, outsourcing and local professional services. The SAP Engagement/Project Manager will work with colleagues in sales, consulting and outsourcing, occasionally outside the UK, with SAP AG and other strategic partners. Core skills required by the SAP Engagement/Project Manager will include detailed knowledge of the SAP components, integration with other related SAP products, Project and Programme planning, project forecasting, financial management, knowledge of project delivery methodologies. The SAP Engagement/Project Manager will also include input to the sales process, working as part of / leading sales propositions and following them through to delivery. SAP experience of Project Management from business case and initiation through to implementation and support using formal methods and tools for both sales and delivery activities. Demonstrable experience of successful SAP delivery. We are looking for SAP Engagement/Project Managers with the following key skills  SAP knowledge in terms of overall processes, strategy, methods and management tools  Knowledge of the SAP processes  Minimum of **** full SAP project life cycles of appropriate size, scope and complexity  SAP ECC****nowledge and experience  Demonstrable SAP delivery  Strong communications skills and ability to communicate and influence at all levels  Leadership skills demonstrated through management and/or team lead roles covering planning, reporting, issue risk management and people management skills  Knowledge and experience of the sales process for consulting services  Commercially aware in terms of contractual aspects and value added propositions The Salary offered to The SAP Engagement/Project Manager will be dependent on experience and grading in the interview process. The SAP Engagement/Project Manager must be fully mobile and can live anywhere in the UK but must have full rights to work in the UK without requiring work permit sponsorship. Our clients will require you to provide documentary proof, prior to joining the Company that you are entitled to live and work in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SAPEngagementProjectManager_job****