Title: ERP Business Analyst / ERP Project Manager Northamptonshire
Webindex: 66922624
Company: Cordius
Description: ERP Business Analyst, ERP Project Manager, Finance, Manufacturing, Warehouse, Distribution, Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), SyscomERP, Systex, Prima Solutions, StyleMan, MFG Pro/QED, JD Edwards, Navision, BPCS, Open Accounts, Northampton, Northamptonshire, East Midlands. We are looking for an experienced Business Analyst/Project Manager with a specialism in ERP and specifically the financial aspects of the system. Project Management responsibility will include the endtoend management through the full project life cycle and includes producing and agreeing the project plan, clarifying the deliverables and managing and influencing the stakeholder relationships. Working as part of the Information Technology team you will also be required to take responsibility for business process change, system configuration and the daytoday operation of various business system applications. Duties will include mapping As Is and To Be processes, Gap Analysis and leading workshop discussions  the main focus of these activities (although not exclusively restricted to) is the Finance area of the business. Essential Requirements: Experience of full project lifecycle and ERP system implementations and be considered to be a specialist in the Financial area of business process with experience preferably in the manufacturing/garment/fashion industry. Experience of implementing and supporting ERP system applications. Proven ERP Business Analysis skills and experience (Process Mapping, Gap Analysis etc.). Experience of formal ERP system testing. Analytical problem solving abilities. Selfmotivated/selfstarter who is able to work on own initiative but also as part of a team. Good interpersonal communication skills with ability to influence others. Desirable Experience: Experience of working with ERP systems using a Progress and/or SQL database. Experience of using structured methodologies / working practises (ITIL / PRINCE**** etc.). Experience in working with either SyscomERP, Systex, Prima Solutions, StyleMan, MFG Pro/QED, JD Edwards, Navision, BPCS, Open Accounts or equivalent ERP systems. Salary: circa ****  Bonus  Benefits Location: Northampton, Northamptonshire, East Midlands. Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates