Title: Senior Web Client Software Engineer
Webindex: 68823934
Company: ARM
Description: Senior Web Developer  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, User interface/UI [blocked]  [blocked] PA  Benefits Newbury Reading, Basingstoke, Hampshire, Surrey, Berkshire, Middlesex, Oxfordshire My client a fast growing international media technology company is looking for a Senior Web Developer with proven ability in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, User interface/UI to join their team based in Newbury commutable from Reading, Basingstoke, Hampshire, Surrey, Berkshire, Middlesex, Oxfordshire. The successful candidate will: 'Be responsible for designing and developing User Interfaces for the next generation of technology which is based on web standards. 'An expert in web development from concept to code with a strong appreciation of user experience design. 'Will be a key participant in the decision process as to the strategic choice of technologies to be adopted for use of UI technology. 'Prepared to work with a diverse team on multidisciplinary, multilanguage projects. 'A proven track record in delivering User Interfaces is required. Direct experience in either broadcast or postproduction is beneficial but not a requirement. 'The position will require you to discuss and agree design and development strategies with senior technical leads within the department. 'To comply with relevant standards (coding, testing and quality). Technical Skills: Essential: 'HTML / CSS / JavaScript / jQuery UI 'AJAX 'Working with RESTful Web Services 'Understanding of Web Application Frameworks 'JAVA UI ( Applets, JSPs etc) 'Eclipse IDE 'HTML **** APIs 'User Interface Design Patterns (MVC/MVP) , 'ObjectOriented design skills. 'TestDriven Development 'Knowledge of Continuous Integration practices. 'Clearcase, Git (or similar SCM system) 'Familiarity with User Experience Design (UXD / UEX) Desirable 'Experience on Windows and Linux Platforms 'Apache Ant 'Apache Maven 'Mobile Web Applications 'GWT / Vaadin 'Java (Scala ) 'Silverlight 'Specific knowledge of JMS and JMX technologies 'Relevant Sun Certification This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.