Title: Test Team Lead  Edinburgh
Webindex: 66434628
Description: Test Manager / Test Team Lead required for new role within large financial services organisations in central Edinburgh. We are recruiting for a Test Team Lead to join a wellrespected financial services firm in central Edinburgh. As a result of planned expansion to their testing team, they looking for a proven and experienced Test specialist, with demonstrable ability to lead complex testing projects throughout the full lifecycle. This is a company I know extremely well, and can say with certainty it is a great place to work. Key responsibilities: Drive and coordinate testing activities on projects. Produce the Test Approach and Test Plan documents Manage and quality assure the work of other Test Analysts. Design, development and execution of required test cases and associated data, including regression packs. Responsibility for the timely execution of testing activities and the reporting of test execution progress to stakeholders. Leading post project reviews and discussions in relation to testing. Promotion of test tools best practice and processes within the IT Process Change Division. Application of Exploratory Testing Techniques and adoption of a Risk Based Approach where applicable. Key experience: Proven experience in leading a testing team in delivering technical testing services A sound understanding of the principles of software testing and demonstrates continued learning; Proven experience of testing (especially, but not limited to, Mercury/HP Test Tools) or programming skills and test automation frameworks; A degree / ISEB, ISTQB or ITIL Foundation qualifications; You will require strong leadership and people skills to lead the team and deliver formal systems, application and hardware testing against agreed test strategy and test plans. Your role will involve the coordaining of the testing teams (Test Analysts, Business Analysts, developers) and management of successful test projects. This is a genuinely exciting opportunity for a proven test team lead to take on a rewarding new challenge. Please apply below and call Stuart Manderson on **** **** **** for more information.