Title: Oracle Warehouse Builder
Webindex: 68246830
Company: Huntress Group   Technology Perms
Description: Oracle Datawarehouse Developer Oracle/Oracle Warehouse Builder/SOA/SQL/PLSQL/RDBMS/Data warehousing/Software/Developer/Oracle Spatial My client is a well established brand in the capital, offering logistics and infrastructure solutions to a large customer base. They represent a multitude of recognisable divisions and employ thousands of people across the UK. As a potential employee, they also offer a great technical environment as well as superb opportunities. Huge investment is put into helping high achieving employees progress through the organisation by expanding your technical skills and experience. The organisation are looking for an experienced Oracle Warehouse Developer/Builder to join their dynamic team in the capacity of a key designer/coder/analyst. There will be lots of internal client interaction as this team is working with some of the company's premier brands, as such excellent communication is a must. There is no chance of getting bored in this division as they have a great responsibility to the company and a host of exciting and diverse work to keep them busy. To make sure that this work is completed to the highest standards and efficiently, this organisation feels it imperative to keep right up to date with the cutting edge of technology, and as they grow this is sure to stay consistent. Currently running the latest Oracle technology, the management of their systems and client work has direct correlation to the growth and strategy for growth within the business. ESSENTIAL SKILLS Extensive experience using Oracle Warehouse Builder. Excellent Object Oriented Architecture, UML, Datamodelling, SOA, Agile methodologies, Test Driven Development and Unit Testing. Good experience of developing endtoend Software application Solutions, including agreeing technical designs with Senior developers and architects. Excellent knowledge of Oracle development including SQL, Oracle ****G and ****G RDBMS, Weblogic, Single Signon and application Servers. Extensive experience of SQL and PL/SQL including SQL performance tuning. Excellent written and verbal communication skills The ability to communicate complex IT solutions in a clear and concise manner to users with various levels of IT knowledge. Works well in a team, building good working relationships across functions. Experience as a developer in a full life cycle implementation of a Datawarehouse Excellent communication  verbal and written. Any candidates lacking these skills will not be considered. DESIRABLE SKILLS Industry specific experience is desirable but not essential to be considered for this role. Oracle Spatial Salary: ****K London Based If you feel that you comply with all of the essential parts of this role and are looking for an excellent opportunity to progress technically and in your career, please apply via the link below. Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role.