Title: IT Security Advisor 
Webindex: 69591086
Company: Jobs@Pertemps   London City
Description: Information Security Advisor Our Client: Our client is not your average law firm and we're not looking for average people. We do things differently  in the way we treat our people and the service we provide. That's how we've become one of the largest law firms in the world and a great place to work and develop your career. They offer a highly rewarding experience to IT professionals. You'll be faced with the challenge of meeting the needs of thousands of colleagues in an innovative culture that recognises technology as a key enabler of its services. Building on a highly sophisticated infrastructure, you will be stretching your skills but at the same time enjoying a great sense of teamwork where your contribution is highly valued. The IT Security Specialist will support the IT Security Manager by deploying a consistent set of security services corporatewide. This position helps with the deployment and delivery of IT controls to existing and new technology, conducts information security reviews, assists with information governance activities. The individual will be a subject matter expert responding to the needs of a busy IT department and a number of customers both internal and external. Key responsibilities: On a typical day, the IT Security Specialist will: Manage data leakage prevention, web filtering, threat and vulnerability management, and other security tools. You will create processes, procedures and documentation to facilitate this activity Manage the application infrastructure security program. You will perform research, define high level security requirements, and best practices. Evaluate technology/products and proposals Participate in the resolution of information security incidents Assist and respond to customer RFI's and new client tenders Work with other areas of IT to track and manage information governance activities Assist with the coordination with various IT and Business teams addressing risk and defining security requirements based on policy, industry best practice and regulatory compliance Conduct business impact assessments to evaluate risks Develop, review and update security policy and standards Assist the IT Security manager with the ongoing maintenance of all ISO certifications held. Skills and experience: To meet the needs of this role, applicants must have the following skills and experience: Minimum technical skills required: Knowledge of Windows, SQL, Networking An understanding of the service challenges faced by a large, multisite, international law firm Experience of implementing ISO27001/****/**** A knowledge and understanding of ITIL frameworks for support Professional certifications an advatange: CISSP/CISA/CISM Understanding of BCP/DR an advantage Knowledge of risk methodologies an advantage The successful candidate will have gained experience within a similar environment, to have gained the knowledge required, this is likely to have been for around 23 years. The ability to influence key stakeholders and to present convincing arguments for security whilst being pragmatic and solution orientated is critical. As is experience in developing conducting reviews of information security policies, standards guidelines, as well as assessing compliance exceptions to policy standards. Key competencies: This position offers a challenging range of opportunities, and a variety of work activities. Applicants must be able to work using their own initiative on a broad range of activities, taking accountability for those activities assigned by the IT Security Manager. You must be able to communicate effectively, formally and informally, with colleagues and customers. You must also be comfortable in dealing with issues of confidentiality. We expect you will work well alongside colleagues and customers within the company and contribute to areas of specialisation. You will be able to work with and engage suppliers, ensuring that a good relationship grows and supports the objectives of the IT department and wider organisation. You will also demonstrate a good understanding of the decisions which impact on the results of both deadlines and budget. In this role you will support teams within the company following an ITIL based framework. A good understanding of ITIL and working with managed service suppliers is essential. We're a modern, progressive law firm. We're driven by new ideas; we're excited by new approaches; and we're also refreshingly downtoearth. We think differently and we've built a culture where individual skills and personalities can shine through. Salary range:Competitive This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITSecurityAdvisor_job****