Title: Front End Web Developer  Top SouthWest Digital Agency
Webindex: 62003952
Company: Recruitment Revolution
Description: Front End Web Developer  Top SouthWest Digital Agency Southampton Up to **** About us: We are a leading digital web agency. We build revenuegenerating websites, develop complex databasedriven web sites and applications and specialise in getting our clients websites to the top of Google. Purpose of the Role: An HTML5, CSS3, Jquery and responsive design guru with plenty of experience working with WordPress and Magento content management systems. You ll be well used to taking graphical PSD / Illustrator designs and building them accurately in to HTML5 web pages, incorporating them in to WordPress and other CMS systems. We require a talented frontend HTML / CSS expert, capable of taking design concepts and translating them into standardsfriendly code utilising current web technologies including HTML5, CSS3 and jQuery. Using advanced CSS and XHTML web technologies, you will create web page templates and interactions for CMS driven websites, advanced development projects and ecommerce sites. You will be wellversed in techniques for building to accessibility standards and dedicated to producing highquality and elegant web solutions. You should be able to show us websites you've built that will dazzle us with your cuttingedge HTML5 and Jquery skills. You will work with web designs provided in Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator formats, converting these in to standardscompliant web pages  and building them in to Wordpress, Magento and other similar content management systems. Experience Required: Experience designing and building websites using W3C standardscompliant XHTML and CSS  with a portfolio of live examples of websites previously built or worked upon. Experience building websites in a digital agency is desirable but, if not in an agency environment, then in a role where the frontend development of multiple websites is the primary part of your role. A demonstrable number of live websites that you have built is essential  and you should include links to these within your application. Skills Expertise Required :  A full, working knowledge of HTML5 and CSS3  An understanding and ability to build web pages to W3Ccompliant standards  A working knowledge of JavaScript and JavaScriptrelated frameworks (e.g. JQuery)  Experience using Wordpress CMS and Magento ecommerce CMS  Experience with any other content management systems would also be beneficial  An appreciation of current techniques for search engine optimisation bestpractice  A good working knowledge of Adobe Photoshop is essential  A working knowledge of Adobe Illustrator and other graphics tools is desirable  An understanding of the technicalities of web hosting  including competence with FTP software  Familiarity with the Microsoft Office suite of software  particularly Microsoft Excel and Access  Some knowledge of frontend PHP development would be useful  but not essential  Experience with database admin / management (MS SQL Server and MySQL) would also be desirable  but is not essential Personal / Professional Characteristics Required: A willingness to learn and develop technical and design skills is important  as is perseverance with problemsolving. A commitment to a high standard of work, attention to detail and perfectionism is also important. Our company ethos is one of striving to produce websites and systems that are better in every way  visually and functionally  than our competitors'  and this needs to carry through in all of the work carried out by the Front End Developer. Salary: Up to **** depending on experience You may have worked in the following capacities: CSS/HTML Developer, Frontend Web Developer, Responsive Design Developer, HTML5 Developer Application Statement: By applying for this role you give express consent for us to process submit (subject to required skills) your application to our client in conjunction with this vacancy only. The Front End Web Developer is brought to you by RecruitmentRevolution.com The UK's first online recruitment agency created ****