Title: C++ Software Engineer  Real Time Communications  London
Webindex: 68361340
Company: Aston Carter
Description: C++ Software Engineer  Real Time Communications  London Tech: C++, UNIX/Linux, Network programming, Multithreading, Large scale applications, distributed applications, messaging, communications, social media, email systems, networking, high volume My Citybased client is the world's most trusted source of data and news for businesses professionals. The company combines innovative technology with unrivalled analytic, display and distribution capabilities to deliver key business information globally via their highly advanced multimedia platforms. Their inhouse Messaging team is looking for a talented C++ Software Engineer to play a key part in the Greenfield build of their new, highly advanced communication system, which connects both internal and external users with exceptional ease, reliability, and security. The platform, which requires biometric details for individuals to access, will have the capability of running everything from trade agreements financial data to emails and conversational messages through it. In terms of performance, it will typically deliver over 200 million messages per day, so needs to be able to rapidly transfer and process a large volume of critical data in a matter of thousandths of milliseconds. The ideal candidate will have:  Strong C/C++ development experience is essential, with exposure to the full software development life cycle  A good working knowledge of programming in a UNIX environment  Understanding of multithreading and networking concepts  Experience in building largescale applications in a distributed environment  Experienced in managing changes in highly sensitive systems You will join a dynamic team comprised of some of the industry's top developers, working in a fast paced, technically sharp environment. Remuneration is excellent, and career progression is unrivalled. This is a fantastic opportunity to step up in your career and work for a globally reputed organisation, on some of the most advanced social networking software on the market currently. Much more than just a bog standard application development role, here you have the chance to define yourself as a true 'engineer' of software. If interested, please send your CV to me, Jon Salter, for further information. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/C++SoftwareEngineerRealTimeCommunicationsLondon_job****