Title: Service Readiness/Service Introduction Manager
Webindex: 72608499
Company: Spargonet Consulting
Description: Service Readiness / Introduction Manager Due to the rapid expansion of the Spargonet client base we are looking for an experienced Service Readiness / Service Introduction Manager. The role will include typical SI activities and running multiple concurrent projects across different technology stacks but all for the same prestigious end client. In this role you will be working for the Project delivery / development function of our client ensuring that the IT Operational departments receive all the knowledge and tools required to ensure a smooth transition from the development programme into the live service. For this role you must have experience of minimising the impact on the business of putting application development and new systems projects into the live environment. Required skills, knowledge and experience: • Experience of putting projects into a live environment. • Establish and maintain good working relationships with the various IT Support teams. • Align processes and products using ITIL. • Assess and scope the service readiness work with stakeholders. • Establish that the Service Strategy is suitable and if not recommend changes. • Design and support the creation of the preparation processes and material. • Project schedule showing dependencies on stakeholders and work stream schedules • Creation and maintenance of a Risks, assumptions, issues and dependencies • Communication channels including providing technical overviews of changes • Service Model Knowledge transfer methods • Organisation changes • Operation manuals/Service handbooks • Service readiness and operational readiness • Service rehearsals • Requirements gathering and work shop facilitation • Effective requirements gathering and documentation skills • Customer relationship management • Excellent oral and written communications • Basic planning skills We are looking for someone to start end of Feb/early March but will wait a few extra weeks for a good candidate to work their notice if necessary, in the first instance please get your resume to us ASAP. Service Readiness Introduction ITIL Spargonet Consulting Plc is a leading IT consultancy with over thirty years pedigree and experience of supplying IT services to household name blue chip clients within a range of business sectors. By joining the personable team at Spargonet, you become a valued member of our personnel with good prospects of a rewarding and challenging career by joining our associate network. All applications welcome for an informal and confidential discussion.