Title: Demonstration Coordinator (Marketing and IT)
Webindex: 71760534
Company: Corporate Project Solutions
Description: Demonstration Coordinator (IT and Marketing) Fixed Term Contact (Up to 12 Months). Department Product Marketing My client is a leader in designing the technology that lies in the heart of many high technology products. They are looking for an enthusiastic Marketing Demonstration Coordinator with a passion for technology and gadgets to come on board on a temporary contract. The Technical Demo Coordinator is an exciting role that encompasses Marketing and IT within one of Britain's top employers. Candidates with previous relevant experience coming from IT/Technology/Electronics/Semiconductors will be preferred. Key Accountabilities/Responsibilities for the Marketing Demonstration Coordinator Organising demonstrations for worldwide events Liaising with event coordinators to ensure correct onsite support for demonstrations (electrical, internet, screens, etc.) Logistics for demonstration transport to events Onsite oversight of demonstration setup and removal Review of events and feedback into internal processes Organising, reviewing, maintaining inventory and database Liaising with Corporate, Segment, divisional Marketing groups Assembling demonstrations at events Essential Skills Experience required from the Marketing Demonstration Coordinator Highly motivated individual Good team worker Able to communicate effectively with both technical and non technical teams Well organised with the ability to work on various projects simultaneously Working knowledge of office tools, Windows, SOHO networking (Small Office Home Office). Enthusiasm for technology and gadgets Desirable Skills Experience for the Marketing Demonstration Coordinator Evidence of previously organised demonstration events Working knowledge of device connectivity applications (DLNA, Airplay, etc.) Working Knowledge of Linux Desktop Working knowledge of Mobile Operating Systems (Android, Windows Phone, etc.) CPS Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DemonstrationCoordinatorMarketingandIT_job****