Title: IT Systems Team Leader  Based  Bath 
Webindex: 72234352
Company: Rethink Recruitment
Description: IT Systems Team Leader  Based  Bath  Skills required in Windows Support, Network Engineering; MCSE, ITIL, CISCO; Support; LAN/WAN; Active Directory; Windows Infrastructure, Team Management. Reporting to the IT Operations Manager. The purpose of this role is the management and development of the IT systems team to offer a high level and improving level of service to the users and customers across the globe. The suitable applicant will have good knowledge of Windows IT systems, support functions and business strategy. The team and you role will ensure that support is provide from 1st to 3rd line within; Email, Video Conferencing, Desktop Collaboration Tools, Telephony. Desktop: Standardised Desktop, Virus Protection, Engineering Systems. Infrastructure: LAN/WAN, Data Centre, Logon (AD), Network Services, Remote Working, Storage, Backup, Print. You will:  Ensure that the skills required for the team are equally distributed across the team to remove any silo's of knowledge and therefore risk to the business and IT.  Ensure that customer focus and resolution of support issues is at the heart of what the team do.  Ownership and accountability for resolution of all issues that cannot be resolved by either the IT Help Desk or regional support teams.  Perform root cause analysis across the service catalogue and implement changes as a result to reduce material demand.  To operationally improve performance, feature set and availability of all systems.  Deliver and improve governance of all IT platforms including but not limited to disaster recovery, business continuity, licensing compliance and other legal compliance as required by the business.  Act as a gatekeeper function to ensure that all the Systems Management team is sufficiently trained and able to support and new systems delivered. You will ensure that the needs of the customers and users are met within the specified Service Level Agreements and ensure that call volumes remain at a reasonable level, dealing with customer and user complaints and bespoke requests from the customers and users. You will actively manage the customer's expectation by managing your team and have a hands on technical approach to help solve issues. Industry related qualifications within a Windows environment such as; MCSE, MCSA, CCNA or ITIL are desirable. Telecoms or telephony experience background is also essential for this role. Therefore someone who has worked within a large SME with exposure to the overall communication and infrastructure support would be ideal. Please apply with your CV and current status  we are interviewing immediately. We are acting as an Employment Agency This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITSystemsTeamLeaderBasedBath_job****