Title: IT Technical Support French Speaking
Webindex: 67770642
Description: Put your network/server administration skills to the test troubleshooting and supporting the defacto standard for data replication/high availability software. Support other network administrators with complex technical questions regarding data protection and high availability for Windows server environments ranging from small to enterprise level. The Customer Care Engineer provides technical support including product troubleshooting, operating system support, and third party software application support for the customer. French Speaking. Fluency required. Responsibilities: Keep up to date on the latest problems and fixes on supported products. Become certified or maintain certification on products as they are released to continue to expand service abilities and ensure the customers and vendors are receiving the best support in the industry. Provide support via the telephone and email. Open Service Requests for each new customer issue. Troubleshoot issues in realtime with the client over the phone and remote sessions. Gather any information that can be used to diagnose a problem. Escalate phone calls and service requests as necessary. Completes other duties as assigned. Qualifications: Fluency in French and English required. Ideally, experience in supporting Microsoft networks. Previous experience as a Systems Engineer or a System Administrator. Experience with design, configuration and implementation of Microsoft based servers. Solid knowledge of WAN and Network protocols (WINS, DNS, DHCP, TCP). Ability to solve Active Directory issues and Microsoft platform issues. Experience supporting either Exchange, SharePoint or SQL Server. Experience with Red Hat Enterprise Linux or similar distribution an advantage. Knowledge of Oracle an advantage. Knowledge of Storage area networks preferred. Ability to analyse technical problems without actual visual contact with machine, have excellent learning skills. Ability to utilise available resources to the fullest; must have excellent computer skills. Ability to organise and manage multiple prioritiesability to multitask. Strong interpersonal and leadership skills with the ability to communicate to all levels of senior management. Must have a strong enduser orientation, ability to give clear concise and answers and enjoy working with people. Ability to document and share knowledge with a team. A very strong focus on customer satisfaction. Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy