Title: Hardware Test Engineer
Webindex: 68360036
Company: Experis IT
Description: Our client, a Renowned Broadcasting Giant is currently recruiting for a Set top box Hardware Test Engineer to undertake an initial 3 month contract from their West London site. The Test Engineer will need the ability to interpret detailed technical information for new features or proposed changes and understand how these may impact the underlying platform. The Test Engineer should have broadcast and Customer Premise Equipment (CPE) testing knowledge and the tools used. The Test Engineer is responsible for identifying, and coordinating all the relevant testing required for assigned projects. The Test Engineer will be responsible for identifying and communicating any defects and producing a final test report once all testing has been completed. Test Engineers are primarily responsible for final user acceptance testing (black box) of hardware functionality for any EPG Product software release. For new STB platforms being developed, they are responsible for carrying out hardware and software testing and providing final user acceptance before the platform is released into the field. Key Responsibilities Act as the point of contact for testing on assigned projects. Help review requirements, specifications, user documentation, and other project documentation to produce a test plan that will document the tests required and test methodology to ensure the product is delivered to match requirements Manually run test cases within Quality Center against EPG and interactive applications. Review defects found with the Test Manager/Senior Test Engineer prior to raising them in Quality Center thus avoiding duplication. Liaise with Test Manager to raise any queries/ problems during test. Attend test planning meetings, as required to minimise problems experienced during testing. Run automated testing where appropriate Ensure any faulty equipment in the test environment is reported to the Hardware Test Manager. Conduct training with new team members, as required. Champion initiatives which will reduce test cycle time and increase effectiveness of the testing process. Participate in ongoing projects and initiatives ensuring that the team processes and procedures are in line with the wider Customer Technology department objectives. Produce weekly hardware test reports and Project Test Cycle Reports highlighting defects identified and any risks or issues Assist with the investigation of issues Skills Required Experienced across the full test lifecycle including planning, design, execution and reporting of tests, using appropriate testing tools and techniques and conforming to agreed processes (ISEB foundation certification) A strong academic background almost certainly demonstrated by a technical degree. Solid understanding of technical elements of broadcast production and transmission platforms and an awareness of future technological developments. Experience in electronic consumer product development environments with exposure to HW and Software. Extensive knowledge of Digital STB's, PVR, DVR technologies and their inner workings Ability to communicate ideas well and effectively communicate testing activities and findings both written and verbal Delivering quality project work Experience of using a wide range of testing tools and test reporting e.g. Quality Centre Experience of Automated Testing and Performance Testing Knowledge and awareness of configuration management methodologies and tools Ability to manage a large number of tasks simultaneously Capability to identify and organise demanding technical workloads Experienced user of Microsoft Project or other planning applications and competent in the use of Microsoft Office applications Knowledge or awareness of software testing and Project Management (Prince II practitioner) Position: Hardware Test Engineer Contract duration: 3 Months Start date: ASAP Pay rate: **** per day dependant on experience Candidates should submit their CV's at the first instance, please note that only suitable candidates will be contacted directly. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/HardwareTestEngineer_job****