Title: Creative Service Specialist
Webindex: 69038156
Company: Just IT Recruitment
Description: Creative Service Specialist Based in Central London Exciting Opportunity within a Media Company Up to 35,000 Amazing Benefits. An exciting opportunity has become available for a Creative Service Specialist has become available within a fast paced media company based in central London, with offices all over the world. The successful candidate will be someone who processes the knowledge and capabilities to support and create the implementations of campaign media plans QA'ing ads and submitting to publishers. The company pride themselves on innovative ideas choice within media agencies, creative agencies and clients across the globe. The role of the Creative Service Specialist is varied and will at times require help and input in the design and execution of adverts. You will liaise directly with the client though the design and implementation process and with any issues that may occur. You will have a high level of understanding of HTML5 and JavaScript and have proven past experience in this field. You will be required to: To provide 1st line support to all UK creative agencies. Open, organize and maintain clients' creative accounts. Able to problem solve Flash technical issues. Developing Flash rich media ads from time to time. Monitoring the creation and execution of the media company. Conducting training sessions with creative agencies, both on the phone and inperson. Providing technical support for online publishers if required. Supporting MediaMind team members throughout the campaign cycle. Introducing and educating clients to new MediaMind products, features, and best practices. Help to communicate timely information on the development and upgrades on the MediaMind technology. Come up with ideas for new formats and executions. What will you need to succeed? Highly technical in HTML5 and JavaScript and other popular rich application tools such as Photoshop. Understands the technical aspects of online video. Degree level education in IT, Multimedia or Computer Science. Experience in the online advertising industry. Able to master new technologies in short periods of time. Able to manage multiple projects and clients at the same time. Great attention to detail and highly administrative. Highly motivated, independent and resourceful. Excellent communication skills with particular attention to detail. Able to work in a fast paced, fluid operating environment. Exemplary time management skills, able to prioritize and work well under pressure. Experience in ActionScript **** and **** would be advantageous Key skill: Creative Service Specialist. JavaScript. ActionScript. HTML5. Flash. 1st line support. Support. Advert creation. To apply please email your CV to: kristyljustit.co.uk or cal **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CreativeServiceSpecialist_job****