Title: Service Delivery Manager  Service Desk Manager
Webindex: 71677613
Company: Epsilium Recruitment
Description: Service Delivery Manager  Service Desk Manager Service Delivery Manager  Service Desk Manager Working for a leading financial services technology vendor The role is varied and focuses on: MI, service management/reporting, query management, application management, environment and infrastructure management, release management/transition, incident management, platform stability, capacity management, adhoc data queries, interface to Service Desk, management of third party supplier relationships from a day to day perspective. Key Roles and Responsibilities Maintain strong customer and supplier relationships to ensure SLA's and service excellence are managed and maintained. Maintain a proactive approach to operational and service issues with a focus on prevention rather than fix. Take an active role in major incident management and ensure full supplier engagement. Deliver initiatives to provide a continuous improvement process and cost reduction. Support a risk based approach to service management and participate in all impact and risk assessments that may affect the production service. Supporting releases into the live environment ensuring minimal service disruption. Support the customer in the definition and delivery of service requests and software changes. Represent the customer perspective on internal decision making forums (CCB/CAB etc.) Provide a regular and clear status on the operational performance of all areas of the service. Work closely with the Group Service Delivery team to ensure that service capabilities are accurately defined and that each customer's service catalogue is maintained. Liaise with internal and external Service Desk functions to ensure that the service is being supported. Deliver operational reporting, covering both scheduled and adhoc MI requests. Support the problem management process Run key customer service review sessions covering the performance of the service Experience; Proven ability in a Service Delivery or Service Management role Extensive experience in a customer facing role, with a track record of delivering services to defined service levels. Experience of working in an Operational environment alongside other technical and operational teams. Understanding of ITIL concepts and practices  Incident, Problem Change management. Experience in the analysis of project requirements on the operational environment, including operational processes and procedures. Management of a service portfolio / service catalogue of standard services across multiple customers. Production of stakeholder documentation including monthly service level reports. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceDeliveryManagerServiceDeskManager_job****