Title: Test Manager (Non functional requirements; Test, Testing, Agile)
Webindex: 67803232
Description: Test Manager (Non functional requirements; Test, Testing, Agile) Location: Newport Salary: **** to **** (plus benefits and pension) Key skills: Test Manager, Test, Testing, Agile, Test Management About Us Our Information Management team, 230strong over two sites, has a hugely important part to play in modernising and streamlining the Office for National Statistics. And as we develop as a team, so will your career. We'll invest in your personal and professional development, and we'll support and finance accredited qualifications and chartered status. For the Office for National Statistics, people count. Whether that's the people across the country whose lives our work helps to shape, or the people who work here, producing vital statistics that informs decision making in our society and economy. We achieve results by investing in the people who work with us, rewarding their contribution and enabling a better work/life balance. We're a welcoming and friendly community of professionals, we respect each other and we're very social. We've some impressive onsite facilities too, including a gym, coffee shop, even a hairdresser. About the role As a Test Manager, you will be accomplished people manager, managing and coordinating functional and non functional testing and supporting Test Analysts. Working with the development team you will possess strong impact analysis skills and be able to identify and perform appropriate tests to resolution. Additionally you will be experienced in managing and maintaining operational acceptance and automated regression test packs. This will be assisted by a strong working knowledge of Agile delivery methods. About you To be an effective Test Manager, you must be experienced in managing Test Analysts and a confident communicator across both IT and business communities. The Test Manager must possess a good working knowledge of Rational test tools and have demonstrable excellent experience of application software testing. A flexible approach to travel to other ONS sites for work is essential. Apply For more information about us and our jobs and in order to apply for the role as Test Manager please click the apply button. Closing Date: 10th of February