Title: Linux Team Lead
Webindex: 70579398
Company: Perform
Description: Job Title : Systems Team Lead Direct Reports: **** Hours: 37.5 hrs per week including some weekends and evenings PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITY Act as Systems Team leader within the Technology team for all matters relating to Server hardware, Operating Systems and Storage. Define Setting and creating documentation standards and making sure the team adhere to them. Make sure that all processes, builds and services that UNIX is responsible for are documented to a high standard. To be the lead Unix team representative, who is responsible for the daytoday prioritization In addition, work with the rest of the team to support of all systems relating to production, applications and database systems. Line manage and provide direction to direct reports. Undertake staff appraisals and review process in line with the Perform guide. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Proven team leader with the ability to engage with other technical and business teams regarding Unix/hardware/OS matters. Act as the subject matter expert for Unix and Infrastructure. Strong doc Ensure that technical work is carried out in accordance with processes and frameworks necessary for the effective functioning of the Technology Department as a whole Work closely with other members and leaders of the Technology Department to specify changes required to meet specifications Management of Incident and Problems with Systems (Servers/storage/OS) Work with Service management to provide for root cause analysis/PMIR process where necessary. Create documentation for the Known Error Database and Knowledge management systems. Contribute to a positive view of Perform s technical competence Participate in the outofhours rota process. Strive towards providing worldclass support for missioncritical services that run twentyfour/seven. Manage periods of absence (planned and unplanned) including service continuity for the Unix team. KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS All Systems are regularly maintained and performing as required Change requests managed effectively through the lifecycle. Systems based incident and Problems are resolved within an acceptable timeframe (SLA / OLA) Provide Weekly reporting on Systems team workload (completed, pending etc) Process documentation is maintained and communicated to the business where appropriate. REQUIREMENTS Primary requirement is the ability to demonstrate a superior understanding of administering and operating Unix platforms in commercial settings. Experience of working in a high volume web hosting environment, and be able to demonstrate the ability to effect controlled change within a technical organisation, is essential. Handson practical knowledge must include: Linux (Redhat/SUSE) installation, administration, patching and upgrading Server security and hardening (SSH, Solaris Security Toolkit [JASS] etc.) General Unix services, such as DNS/BIND, Sendmail, ProFTP/SFTP, and Samba. Understanding of NFS also important. Amazon AWS and EC**** Experience. Rackspace Cloud servers/Cloud Files Hardware knowledge of Oracle/Sun, X**** Ability to manage 3rd party suppliers for equipment specification, purchasing Awareness of the following would be advantageous; Hosted DNS Managed services Administration of Tomcat/Java/J****EE applications Apache web server and Sun web server administration Shell / Perl scripting experience Server monitoring using BigBrother or similar NetApp/Isilon storage solution (or similar) Awareness of the following would be advantageous; ITIL Service Management Global Support environments PERSONAL COMPETENCIES REQUIRED Methodical approach with attention to detail Cando attitude Functional Problem solving Ability to take ownership of issues Able to travel between UK datacentres Ability to take ownership of incidents, changes Strong problem solving secondnature BENEFITS 25 days annual leave, Bupa Private Healthcare up to Family Cover, Life Assurance (****x annual salary), Pension, cycle to work scheme, Sharesave plan, Season Ticket Loan, and Childcare voucher Scheme. We also offer free car parking, breakfast, fruit, pastries and soft drinks. Please Note some of these benefits will not be available to you, until successful completion of your probation. THE COMPANY PERFORM is the world leader at broadcasting and commercialising sport in digital media. Through industry leading production, technical and commercial solutions, PERFORM maximises the returns for sports associations, rights holders, football clubs, content publishers, bookmakers, media groups, mobile operators and broadcasters around the world. We currently stream over **** live events each year and have developed over **** web, video broadband and mobile sites for clients including the ATP, Sony Ericsson WTA Tour, FIBA, FEI, PSA, FLi and Chelsea FC, that serve over 17 million monthly unique users. PERFORM also owns and operates ePlayer, the leading global sports VOD network which currently streams 40 million on demand sports clips every month through major publisher group websites. Headquartered in London, PERFORM employs over **** staff and has offices located globally