Title: User Experience Analyst
Webindex: 68672437
Company: TotalJobs Group
Description: User Experience Analyst (UX/UI) / UX Analyst – fast moving, dedicated Product Group We are, by our very nature, never satisfied. We build products and deliver experiences that millions of people looking for jobs in the UK use every month, and we do it with a passion, enthusiasm and dedication that needs to be experienced to be understood. We think we are better than the rest, but we never sit on our laurels. Our Product Group, led by Andy, our Product Director is represented at board level and over the last few years has become central to the considerable success of our business. We are looking for a User Experience Analyst to join us in our pursuit of excellence, working closely with a tight knit team to realise new features and services delivered by our talented, UK based, in house agile development teams. You’ll work with our Lead UX Analyst, Adi and develop skills, attitudes and approaches that rapidly expand your experience, we are a top 50 Great Place to Work for the 5th year running and as such we relish the opportunity to provide you with fresh challenges and the right support every day. You will have worked in a user experience role for an online provider, understand the basic interaction design principles, conduct user research and usability tests, and use/develop personas. But above all, you should have strong empathy for our users, a natural curiosity of understanding their goals and needs, and a great design taste. If you have experience in mobile/tablet so much the better. We work quickly using rapid prototyping and sketching to communicate our ideas effectively. If you have experience using these techniques or have a desire to learn we want to talk to you. It’s good here, but don’t just take our word for it. Jo who has left us for pastures new said in her own words “I’ve learnt a ridiculous amount here in the last 2 years and have worked on some amazing projects which I’m really proud ofI’m leaving with a set of skills that are invaluable and my confidence has grown immenselymuch of that is down to the brilliant teams that I have worked with” The team you will join are highly motivated, obsessed by detail and have a huge desire to get it right, 1st time, every time – if you thrive in an exciting, challenging and fast pace culture then we might just be right for you. Of course we offer an excellent package and working environment as you’d expect, but what we do go way beyond that, our motivation comes from deep inside, which we think it’s pretty cool and if you think so too we’d love to meet you. The Company Totaljobs Group started in **** with the launch of Totaljobs.com. Thirteen years later the Group is now the largest and fastest growing online recruitment business in the UK and a Top 10 player in its sector worldwide. Totaljobs Group comprises **** recruitment sites, which between them carry over **** jobs, and attract over 5 million jobseekers every month that generate over 3 million applications. These websites are CareerStructure.com, Caterer.com, Catererglobal.com, CWJobs.co.uk, RetailChoice.com, Salestarget.co.uk, and totaljobs.com Great Place To Work Totaljobs Group is officially one of the best employers in the UK. The company is listed in the 2011 Top 50 UK Employers by the Great Place to Work Institute – which is published annually in the Financial Times Best Workplaces Special Report. Based upon the major findings of 20 years of research – the award goes to companies where there is a high level of trust between managers and employees, where employees have pride in what they do, and where they enjoy the people they work with. To find out more go to www.greatplacetowork.co.uk TJG General Benefits Package 29 Days Holiday Group Pension Scheme Paid Charity Days – 2 days per year Competitive Salaries Please ensure your eligibility to work in the UK before applying. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UserExperienceAnalyst_job****