Title: Senior Solutions Engineer  vLab Developer
Webindex: 68695247
Company: Vanty International
Description: vLab Orchestration Developer  Senior Solutions Engineer (Cork  South West Ireland) Be at the forefront in the development of the latest, innovative and cuttingedge technologies. Exciting opportunity for suitably experienced Solutions Engineers, Developers, Archietects to join a Leading Global IT Company and great place to work with excellent remuneration, benefits and ongoing committment to training. The Role: Instrumental in the end to end project life cycle management in the development and rollout of the most innovative virtualised platform applications appropriate to the needs of stakeholders; with a particular focus on vCloud and vSphere. Plan, architect, build, coding, testing, deployment, maintenance, documentation, continuous improvement and support. Interface with key stakeholders across management, architecture and engineering; supporting both local and remote global teams. in Computer Science / Computer Engineering or equivalent At least 23 years relevant experience of web applications development and software design and development methodologies, UI best practices and database design and implementation Indepth knowledge and experience of vCloud, vSphere, VCO and VCD are prerequisites JSON Data, ZQuery, XPath and XML Technologies, JQuery and associated plugins REHL installation and configuration experience and working knowledge of oracle applications are preferable Spring, vFabric, GemFire/SqlFire, RabbitMQ/AMQP an advantage Web services, RESTful services, RSS, Atom from JavaScript, PHP or Java Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal). Fluent English. Selfstarter and Team player with good decision making skills, quality focused and attention to detail. In return: Excellent remuneration and comprehensive benefits package on offer. Committment to ongoing training. 12 months initially but possibly longer term. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSolutionsEngineervLabDeveloper_job****