Title: Senior UI Engineer
Webindex: 69545763
Company: RDF Resources
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Senior UI Engineer to join a leading online fashion retailer based in North London. You will be working within the Engineering department and be part of a team that consistently delivers highvalue, high  quality innovative solutions. Key responsibilities: Work in a matrix managed, fast paced Engineering team helping drive the delivery and technical competency of your team and the entire department forward. Responsible for the line management and career development of a one or two team members. Work in an agile, cross functional team taking responsibility for the engineering team deliverables and quality. Working closely with team members and business stakeholders to gather and define requirements Involved with the technical design of solutions for your team, working with the appropriate stakeholders including business, architecture and service Working with the Solution Architect to ensure the team delivers to required quality and adheres to best practice. Expected to be proactive, lead by example, be hands on, involved in all tasks and take on sprint backlog items. Guide and mentor within the team and provide feedback to the line manages around performance and reviews. To seek out and actively promote ideas and techniques in the community  both internally and externally Take responsibility for the delivery for tasks from initial design to delivery into production Understand the impact changes will have on load and performance Actively promote and ensure compliance to the W3C standards Ensure Semantic HTML and SEO considerations are taken into account across team deliverables Educate and mentor regards to UI development, by providing clear easier to consume HTML and CSS Promote good engineering practices (e.g. unit testing) Guide and mentor within the team and provide feedback to the line manages around performance and reviews. Work closely with the user experience and design teams to ensure their requirements are met Educate the creative teams to ensure their design do not adversely affects the sites performance/scalability Qualifications Experience: A Degree or similar level qualification. Proven experience of working in teams in the successful delivery of complex, highly performing and high quality software systems. Experience of Agile and XP practices Proven experience of working with business stakeholders, Product Owners and Business Analysts to analyse requirements, develop ideas and design solutions Understanding of nonfunctional requirements, quality assurance and continued improvement methods Essential Skills: Commitment to deliver high quality well tested software and to inspire those around you to do the same. Excellent multitasking and strong communication skills are essential. Mentoring skills Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Expert and broad base of knowledge in the following technologies: XHTML, HTML5 CSS3, CSS Sprites, CSS Grid Layout, CSS3 Media Queries JavaScript, JQuery Ajax Cross browser development, Progressive Enhancement MVC web framework (cakePHP, RoR, ASP.NET MVC etc.) JavaScript frameworks (LESS, Knockout.js, Backbone.js) REST/JSON CDN's, Edge Caching Responsive Web Design ASP.NET WebForms or MVC Understands and code to the W3C standards Testing frameworks (Jasmine, QUnit etc) Visual Studio / TFS 2010 Testing (unit, integration etc.) BDD frameworks Desirable Skills: Exposure to the following: Node.js CoffeeScript Usability, Accessibility Mobile web development Software design patterns Salary  ****  **** per annum plus excellent benefits If you are passionate, highly driven and thrive in a fast paced environment, please don't hesitate to send in your CV for immediate consideration. Successful candidates will be contacted. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorUIEngineer_job****