Title: Customer Operations Manager ( IT / Telecoms services), Warwickshire
Webindex: 72479478
Company: People Com Ltd
Description: Cusrtomer Operations Manager (client site based) for a major UK managed services provider, Warwickshire Up to ****k base plus 10% bonus and ****k car allowance We are recruiting for an Operations Manager, based on Clientsite in the Stratford upon Avon / Warwickshire region. This role will enhance Client satisfaction to ensure endtoend successful ongoing managed support of the Voice Data and Video infrastructure. The key to this role is to be highly customer focussed and to have a strong willingness to ensure continuous improvement on the account. Acting as a single point of contact for all operational issues, requirements and escalations, this role will work closely with the Client, the General Manager and the onsite team. Key Result Areas  The Operations Manager will report into the General Manager and will have responsibility for the below key result areas:  Manage, monitor and coordinate the daily activities of the operations team to ensure that all incidents, problems and changes are completed successfully in line with the Client s SLA targets and customer requirements, ensuring any financial Service Credits are kept to an absolute minimum.  Ensure that all major voice, data, video incidents and problems are escalated as necessary and that Service Failure Reviews are carried out.  Manage the recovery and ongoing Continual Service Improvements ensuing from the service failure.  Manage the proactive aspects of Problem Management (trend analysis, incident prevention and problem management).  Ensure that the asset and configuration data is kept up to date and manages the availability and despatch of spares as required.  Hold and facilitate progress and biweekly meetings with the team, suppliers and other relevant parties.  Attend SLA review meetings biweekly to provide accurate updates on all identified Voice, Data or Video incidents and contributes to the monthly service delivery reports and management of the service budget.  Keep abreast with internal managerial developments and the wider business developments.  Ensure processes and procedures are kept up to date and adhered to and make recommendations for improvements and amendments.  Recruit and budget for resources depending on operational requirements, inline with recruitment process.  Escalate operational issues to the Client Service Delivery Manager, General Manager and Head of Client Services when applicable.  Own Service Management processes, ensuring that they are appropriate for the operational environment and that they are adhered to.  Ensure the Operations Team are skilled and technically trained to the appropriate levels with the ability to provide skills support for the projects team.  Responsible for maintaining a Client orientated twentyfour/seven 1st and 2nd line rosters, maintaining onsite manning levels as well as Client orientated **** day shift  call out, maintaining onsite manning levels.  Based on site during core hours **** but will operate within a on call escalation rota for Priority 1 and Major Incident Management. Knowledge/Skills and Experience We are looking for experienced professionals who have proven knowledge skills experience in the following areas:  IT systems integration background  Technical Understanding of Voice and Data Infrastructures  Cisco Core, Access and Distribution Architectures  Device Management and Configuration  Remedy ITSP  Previous experience in Major Incident Activity  Understand Incident Lifecycles, client liaison, high level technical diagnosis, Problem identifications and leadership and coaching within a technical capacity  Business Continuity Planning  Disaster Continuity Planning  An ability to deliver high quality output consistently.  Methodical and analytical approach  Strong customer service client relations skills.  Strong influencer, manager with interpersonal and communications skills.  Resourceful, selfmotivated and decisive.  Strong organisation planning skills.  Team builder and motivator  Understanding of contractual requirements obligations.  Proven management experience.  Customer facing skills a consistent professional approach  Good communication skills facetoface, written verbal  ITIL V****  Experience in an airline or similar realtime environment. Candidates must have technical knowledge and experience of the below:  WAN/ LAN/ IPT/ PBX/ Calls and Lines/ Firewalls/ Video/ Contact Centre/ Voice Recording/ Voice Conferencing/  BT IP Clear Services (MPLS Services)  BT IP Stream  ADSL Connectivity  BT VPLS Services  Cisco IP Telephony / Voice Over Internet Protocol  Cisco Best Practices  Wireless and Data Voice Services  Wide Area Application Services