Title: Snr Web Developer  Daventry  ASPNet C Classic ASP
Webindex: 66925949
Company: CV Bay Ltd
Description: Snr Web Developer C.Net s goal is to be the largest UK internet gift company. There is a business requirement to upgrade and migrate our websites backend admin system. Our current system is bespoke, classic ASP using MSSQL and due to our organic growth over 11 years it is increasing difficult to make improvements. Hands on coding experience ideally in Classic ASP, ASP.Net and PHP. Plus experience in all areas of migrating a front and backend website software system for an online retail business from one technology to another. Working within a current team of **** you will use your extensive experience to contribute to the selection of an existing off the shelf system. Our preliminary research indicates that an off the shelf system will not include everything that the business needs. There will therefore be a big exercise to develop new functionality to be integrated with the off the shelf system. You will be required to effectively plan and execute the migration of the old system to the new, with minimal disruption to the business, which includes hands on coding of the additional functionality that the business requires. You shall develop and manage an extensive test plan and be central to the training of our staff prior to the new system going live. Once the migration project is completed there will be a continued need to produce industry leading developments to our website to give our customers an unparalleled user experience. Our aim is to create an award winning website that makes buying an easy and enjoyable task. This is an excellent opportunity to be involved in a growing privately owned business with huge potential to grow and develop your role within the organisation. So although this is a challenging position, there is huge job satisfaction when you see the results of your work immediately. If you have the skills and would like to apply, please email your CV to Jon Glas of CV Bay Ltd, via the link Required skills Classic ASP C ASP.Net HTML / XHTML CSS XML ASP JScript JavaScript AJAX TSQL Perl