Title: IT Healthcare Informatics Technical Support Engineer (Lab Software)
Webindex: 68687168
Company: TRS Consulting
Description: IT Healthcare Informatics Technical Support Engineer (Pathology Laboratory Software) Technical Support / Project Management / Applications Support / Customer Training ****K  10% Bonus  Car  Final Salary Pension  Broadband  Healthcare  Full Product Training  Life Insurance  25 Days Holiday Location: a homebased role covering Scotland The Company  IT Healthcare Informatics Technical Support Engineer (Pathology Laboratory Software) My client is part of one of the largest medical and laboratory equipment suppliers in the world. This instantly recognisable brand leader supplies a wide range of innovative diagnosticbased laboratory systems to the healthcare sector and offers 'best in class' solutions across their range of products and systems. Supported by a truly multinational 'bluechip' technology group, their commitment to investment in Research and Development is second to none in their industry, ensuring that they remain a market leader. At the core of their business lie product innovation, excellent customer service and good people. The Role  IT Healthcare Informatics Technical Support Engineer (Pathology Laboratory Software) Following expansion, they seek to recruit a technically motivated IT Healthcare Informatics Technical Support Engineer. The primary goal of this position is to support the organisation in driving customer satisfaction through the delivery of excellent postsales support and the continuous application of product updates and improvements.You will drive the IT implementation for laboratory software solutions and related professional services. Further duties will include:  Customer support, project planning and execution  Ensures all IT projects are delivered and executed to schedule to meet the customer expectation and vision  Assists in the preparation of statement of work documents, ensures that all relevant information is recorded  Performs the software installation and configuration (including OS, application and database)  Delivers structured software application product training to the end user  Provides comprehensive support for all entire IT solution.Support may be delivered by telephone, remote access or onsite  Supports the commercial team to manage all postsales IT activities and provide expert knowledge  Provide advanced technical expertise for all customer facing laboratory software solutions Your Background  IT Healthcare Informatics Technical Support Engineer (Pathology Laboratory Software) To succeed in this exciting role, you must be able to show experience in an IT customer facing postsales field service or technical support role and have excellent IT skills that include; Microsoft Operating Systems, databases and comprehensive network infrastructure knowledge. You should be educated with a degree, HND, or HNC in an IT, scientific or technical discipline. Ideally you will be able to demonstrate a track record in a customer facing postsales support role within a laboratory IT environment and comprehend the role of IT in Laboratory Medicine, however this is not essential as full product training will be provided. You must actively seek to understand customers circumstances, problems, expectations and needs. You must be team orientated, analytical, highly organised and a good communicator with high level problem solving skills. The Benefits  IT Healthcare Informatics Technical Support Engineer (Pathology Laboratory Software) This is an exceptional opportunity to join a company that is willing to invest heavily in its employees with comprehensive, manufacturersbased training and provide a planned path for your career progression. It is envisaged that the successful applicant will use this role to develop their skills and prove their worth and be promoted into a more senior role. In return, my client is offering a fantastic remuneration and benefits package, including competitive basic salary of ****K, 10% bonus, car, broadband, life insurance, 25 days holiday, healthcare and final salary pension and the opportunity to progress within a truly global, market leading organisation. For instant consideration, please forward your CV to the contact below. This vacancy is being advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited. The services advertised by TRS Consulting (UK) Limited are those of an employment agency and / or an employment business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITHealthcareInformaticsTechnicalSupportEngineerLabSoftware_job****