Title: UNIX / Linux Administrator / Technical Support Consultant
Webindex: 69250280
Company: C.O.A.L IT. Services Ltd
Description: UNIX / Linux Administrator / Technical Support Consultant Excellent opportunity has arisen with one of the world s most recognisable brands for an Infrastructure Administrator to work on client based SaaS consulting projects. Full spec upon request. Role:  Maintenance and troubleshooting of our global email, web and instant messaging infrastructure.  Diagnosis of complex issues remotely with limited physical access to the equipment.  Addressing escalated client issues to include, troubleshooting issues at a client site over the phone or liaising with the clients system administrator or IT management.  Perform on call duties providing out of hours support to our NOC team  Participate on project delivery as the support technical lead by advising the project managers and stakeholders on support requirements and ensuring proper delivery of those requirements  Support and mentor second level NOC staff through challenging technical situations.  Provide technical training sessions of new products and areas where you are considered the subject matter expert Requirements  Thorough knowledge of HTTP(S), SMTP, LDAP, DNS, NTP and other internet protocols is required.  Excellent knowledge of Linux, from a user and system administrator perspective. Exposure to other Unix operating systems is an asset.  Demonstrated shell scripting is essential within Bash, Perl, Python or Expect  Advanced understanding of Unix based email servers operating Qmail, Ecelerity, Postfix, Send mail or Exim. Microsoft Exchange knowledge is an asset.  Understanding of proxying technologies such as Squid and/or Microsoft ISA Server  Understanding of routing and switching protocols and associated Cisco/Juniper hardware. Firewall technology and load balancing technology understanding is an asset.  Practical understanding of email and web security issues.  Ability to work in team settings, with both local and remote teams while stayed selfdirected and maintaining an everchanging workload.  Previous experience of working within a fast paced client/technical environment; preferably a service support environment.  Expert use of the command line in a Linux/ Unix operating system.