Title: Project Manager  Wealth Management
Webindex: 72547140
Company: Pearson Whiffin Affinity
Description: My client is seeking a Project Manager with Wealth Management to join their organically growing team. The role of the Project Manager is to manage the endtoend delivery of application development projects and programmes. Main Activities Establishing and managing effective project operations to deliver quality outcomes. Leading a team(s) of project employees operating on complex IT projects, delivering application enhancements, implementations and resolving defects. Controlling project design and planning activities associated with application development projects. Maintenance of project plans and timely management of actual effort and remaining work. Maintenance of JIRA to ensure accurate and up to date status of project activities. Timely progress reporting (verbal and written) to both clients and internal management. Defining, sourcing and managing necessary project resources. Controlling project schedules to ensure that necessary modules and programs are completed according to the project plan. Preparing project budgets, attaining necessary approvals in a timely manner and monitoring and tracking project financials and the realisation of defined project benefits. Effectively controlling and managing the issues, risks, dependencies and changes in scope associated with large, complex IT projects. Establishing, managing and reporting on project budget(s), analysing budget variances and recommending appropriate action. Exceeding stakeholder expectations through the application of stakeholder management disciplines. Developing and managing vendor contracts/agreements associated with projects under management.Key Skills Strong understanding and application of Project Management competencies including scope, time, costs, quality, HR, communications, risk, procurement, and integration. Effective leadership, coordination, motivational, negotiation and dispute resolution skills. Strong understanding of business requirements and technical limitations as determined by the application architecture. Ability to apply analytical skill and conceptual thinking to operations and system planning across a range of technologies. Strong understanding and application of change management competencies. Financial literacy to forecast and manage project budgets. Ability to manage the competing demands of multiple, simultaneous projects. Strong skills with Microsoft Office tools particularly Project, Excel, Word, and PowerPoint. Understanding and management of complex release schedules and source management. Knowledge of Talisman, JIRA, Sybase/SQL, PowerBuilder, and Java would be beneficial.Typical Experience Progressive experience in Information Technology, with solid experience of successful project delivery, coupled with degree level qualifications in Computer Science, Numerate Science, Business or an associated discipline. Formal project management qualifications desirable together with working experience of an agile approach to managing projects