Title: Web Developer/Mobile Web Developer, Bristol
Webindex: 71774755
Company: Quantica Technology
Description: Award Winning App Development Agency, **** ****  EXTREMLEY competitive Benefits Package (23 Days Holiday, MacBook, Company Holidays, Friendly CoOperative Team) My client are a rewound award winning App development agency in the heart of Bristol working in a fun dynamic office. They are currently looking for two talented Web Developers to join their rapidly expanding team in Bristol. Ideally, they are looking for one highly skilled solid Back End developer who has strong experience in building and maintaining Server Side applications and web service APIs. Knowledge of server configuration and maintenance would also be a bonus.) They are also looking for a strong Mobile Web Developer. For both roles, the candidate requires knowledge of Subversion (SVN), excellent problem solving skills and the ability to work to deadlines. My client require creative individuals with a real drive for technology. They want people who will take a careful, considered approach to any task given and people who enjoy drawing diagrams and who like to get things working on paper before using the screen. Excellent communication skills are vital due to the communication with the team. Technologies used within the company are (not limited to): Linux OS CMS AMAZON AWS APACHE Server REST/SOAP/RPS PHP MySQL Great to have: HTML/CSS/Javascript The Mobile Web Developer opportunity is a role for someone to put into practice all of these new technologies that you have heard but may not have had the chance to use on a desktop web before. My client build mobile web applications using HTML5 and it's various API's along with CSS3 and Javascript. Ideally the candidate will require: HTML (5) CSS ****/3 Javascript jQuery jQuery Mobile JSON Webservices If this company seems like the sort of place you would like to work and you have the technical skills required for these positions, please send your CV.