Title: Infor LN Analyst Programmer (Baan)
Webindex: 67770807
Description: Infor LN Analyst Programmer (Baan)  Analyst, Programmer, 'ERP LN', ERP, LN, Baan, ****GL, 'programming language'  Liverpool  €****K  excellent package. Our exclusive client is looking for an Infor LN Analyst Programmer to help with the implementation of the LN ERP system worldwide. For this integration process they are forming a dedicated project team, based in Belgium and European locations as the project moves forward. Knowledge and Skills: ****  5 years of experience in programming and/or ERP systems analysis. Requires advanced programming techniques and software design. 3  5 years demonstrated working experience with ERP LN (full cycle implementation experience is required). 3  years of manufacturing industry experience. Deep ERP LN skills & demonstrated full life cycle implementation experience. Fully knowledgeable in ERP LN ****GL programming language. Must understand technical problems and solutions in relation to the current, as well as the future business environment. Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or more than 5 years experience in ERP implementations, business analysis and process modelling and redesign. Location: Liverpool with further project phases in Antwerp, Belgium and other European locations Catch Resource Management is a leading provider of skilled ERP, Java, SharePoint and .Net resources to both end users and to product suppliers/authors. Our consultants deliver a completely professional resourcing service, always backed up by our team of ERP and SharePoint specialists who are all experienced in full project life cycle implementation and support, thus ensuring that we fully understand our clients' requirements and our candidates' skills. If you have the relevant skills and experience for this position we would welcome your application, however please note that we receive high levels of responses to our advertisements so can only immediately respond to those that are a close match. However, if you are interested in hearing about similar positions then please register on our website: (url removed) Catch Resource Management Ltd. operates as an employment agency and employment business