Title: Junior Technical Consultant (Suit Graduate)
Webindex: 68693192
Company: EMBS 
Description: Junior Technical Consultant (Suit Graduate) Nottingham, Nottinghamshire To **** plus benefits and training Our client are looking to recruit a Junior Technical Consultant to join their Software Support Team in Nottingham. Our Client are one of the fastest growing technology companies in the UK supplying Practice Management software to Architects, Engineers and Construction businesses. Founded in **** our client are an exciting, dynamic and expanding business; the company has experienced exceptional growth from a startup of the **** Directors to employing over **** people today The role of Junior Technical Consultant is initially an office based role supporting implementation projects for external customers throughout the UK, the main elements of the role are: o Making minor configuration changes to client systems o Managing and carrying out of upgrades to client systems o Data collection, data import and reporting o Assisting others in the bespoke function with larger projects o Liaising with client to report on progress, and clarify the brief for a package of work In order to be considered you will have gained experience either as part of your degree, placement or commercial experience in the following: A degree in an IT related subject Handson use of web development technologies,ASP. NET, XML/XSL, JavaScript, SQL or similar Some direct client contact through customer services exposure Able to organise and manage your own time and juggle competing priorities Demonstrate strong written and oral communication skills Able to communicate with internal and external stakeholders The successful candidate will be lively, bright, intelligent and personable. They will have good communication skills, be enthusiastic and have strong initiative. A ‘handson’ approach to dealing with technical issues is a necessity as is the ability to work effectively as part of a team. In addition, the position of Junior Technical Consultant offers an introduction into the role of Technical Consultant where you would be the key contact for the roll out of our clients products at a new client site. This involves confirming the initial brief, planning the work, estimating and carrying out bespoke work. By applying for this vacancy you are giving consent for us to submit your applications for this vacancy. The client will be reviewing and short listing for this vacancy and will make contact directly in due course. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JuniorTechnicalConsultantSuitGraduate_job****