Title: Software Technical Manager
Webindex: 68702457
Company: The Recruitment Solution
Description: Software Technical Manager ****  **** per annum Morecambe, Lancashire The role A small, dynamic company based on the North West coast of England that focuses on developing innovative software systems. We offer an outstanding work environment with excellent office space overlooking the sea. Stateoftheart hardware and software processes and a focus on quality and innovation combine to make this a really exciting place to work. As our Technical Manager the candidate will have day to day responsibility for the technical management and directions of the Software Department. The candidate will work closely with our Project Leads who manage development work on individual projects, the Project Manager and the Chief Technology Officer. The candidate will help ensure that systems are appropriately designed and architected and that high quality systems are delivered to budget and within agreed timescales. The candidate will have management responsibility for the software development team and be a critical player in developing our software department. Our ideal candidate will relish problem solving activities and thrive on challenges. It is essential that the candidate has experience of leading and managing software teams, an understanding of software development processes and a proven track record of delivering innovative software systems. The candidate will have overall people management responsibility for the software development team and be a critical player in developing your team. Systems include both cloud and mobile components and the candidate must have significant experience of delivering such solutions. Essential candidate requirements Essential Characteristics: • A minimum of two years’ experience of leading and managing the development and delivery of contemporary software systems. • Detailed, practical knowledge of current software development processes and tool chains. • Proven ability to architect complex cloudbased applications. • Excellent communications skills. • Team player. • Ability to interface with customers, stakeholders and management. • Self motivated with a desire to deliver quality systems. Technology Requirements: Whichever technologies the candidate currently works with we expect the candidate to be able to master new languages, tools and platforms as they emerge and to have really indepth skills in the languages and environments the candidate currently use. Our current toolset includes the following: • Javascript, JQuery, Ajax, JSON, Objective C, C and VB • Database systems administration, especially SQL Server 2008 • SOAP web services, C/ASP . net, Microsoft . Net • Windows Power Shell scripting • Microsoft Internet Information Server Administration • Largescale distributed monitoring systems, especially Nagios. • Programming skills in one or more programming languages of relevance to the company (e.g. Python, Ruby) Additional information Benefits: • Highly competitive salary. • Opportunity to lead a highly motivated and skilled team. • Based at company's offices in Morecambe which provide an outstanding work environment. • Participation in advanced R D projects. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareTechnicalManager_job****