Title: Service Design Transition Specialist
Webindex: 72114759
Description: Service Design Transition Specialist  Hampshire (Permanent) Dorset, Wiltshire, Berkshire, London, Surrey, Sussex My client, a FTSE100 company are looking for a Service Design Transition Specialist to fill the following requirement:  Profile The Service Design Transition specialist role is to ensure that all changes to the production environment are designed, managed and deployed to Production with minimum disruption to the Business and to ensure ongoing service provision post golive. Key Result Areas and Responsibilities:  Service Transition  working with SD , IT Service Management and IT customers, plan and manage acceptance of code and delivery into the production environment  Infrastructure application provisioning  ensure successful provisioning and integration of new infrastructure application environment to facilitate business project requirements  Service Change Validation and Operational Readiness  ensure that the supplier and project teams achieve required quality gates through the lifecycle and manage remedial actions required.  Release and Deployment  ensure robust plans exist for the smooth deployment of each release into Production, taking into account coordination across multiple suppliers.  Change Management  Ensure that the required workflow and approvals to deliver change into the production environment are consistently followed. Execute agreed responsibilities as standing member of the Change Advisory Board, proactively highlight opportunities and issues, with recommendations to appropriate stakeholders  Ensure release and environment problems are managed, in a timely manner, through to positive conclusions  Service catalogue  ensure maintenance and review of relevant documentation  Facilitate and participate in post implementation reviews , ensuring appropriate actions are managed to resolution in response to findings  Ensure suppliers utilise and adhere to Implementation and Configuration Management systems and processes, monitor performance against agreed service levels  Ensure all changes take account of appropriate Capacity and Availability planning Skills Required:  Proven practical exposure of successful Service Transition Management; particularly within an environment delivering large scale IT change  Has broad knowledge and exposure across IT Service Management processes  ITIL accredited (above Foundation level)  Prior Offshore management exposure preferred  Knowledge of Financial Services preferred Further details will be given on application for this excellent opportunity at one of the UK s leading organisations. Please note that all candidates must be willing to undergo a Credit Check as part of the recruitment process for this vacancy. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.