Title: Identity Acesss Management Engineer
Webindex: 72546711
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Primary Responsibilities: As a direct report to the IAM Technical Manager and working with the senior engineers in the team, this is a handson role where the successful candidate will contribute to the team s objectives which include but are not limited to: Execution of business requirements leveraging a mix of existing technologies already in use , open source components, other 3rd party solutions and writing/updating inhouse components, Leverage investment in IAM by promoting the adoption of these components by affiliated companies, Contributing to the continuous improvement and delivery of efficiency benefits within PT through the use of leading practice processes, technologies and controls, Design, integration, migration to, testing and defect fixing of high quality and fit for purpose software components, data formats and policies, Creation and maintenance of high quality operational or run documentation to ensure a seamless handover of new or updated components to the Global Platform and Service group for global deployment and operational or run activities. Assembling proof of concept systems to help realise the above aims. Related work experience: We are looking for someone with a good mix of systems and software engineering skills. The role will require flexibility with the successful candidate contributing in a handson capacity to software code changes to existing web applications as well as building, configuring and integrating systems components. Essential technical skills include: 12 years Windows and Web application development experience, in particular ASP.Net using Visual Studio and C (MVC framework desirable). Experience working with IAM technologies in some capacity, for example using a solution from one of the following vendors: Microsoft, Novell, Oracle, CA, Atos, IBM, Sailpoint, Courion, Ping, Symplified etc Database experience with SQL Server 2005, **** or **** R2. Experience with any of the following technical areas would also be an advantage: User provisioning workflows, Single Signon, Federation and SAML2.0 based claims, An access control mechanism, e.g. using roles or attributes, Working in an agile development team with some level of continuous integration, Education and Skills: Degree or equivalent Personable with good communication and influencing skills. Adaptable and flexible Ability to identify opportunities for improvement Team player Good verbal, written and presentation skills Methodological and thorough in approach With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work