Title: Pre Sales Consultant, Sales Engineer, Java, Net, Payment, Verificatio
Webindex: 68692950
Company: Eurobase People
Description: A Pre Sales Consultant/ Sales Engineer is required to become an integral part of a growing global Sales Force, focused on assisting with the smooth progress of the sales lifecycle. Our client rapidly becoming the next big thing in the ecommerce sector and are already working with some of the biggest names in the industry. The Pre Sales Consultant/ Sales Engineer will be responsible for working closely with the direct sales teams in providing technical and functional expertise for the suite of mobile identity verification, payment, KYC, and risk management solutions. This will include interacting directly with new and existing customers to demonstrate how solutions can be integrated into their existing infrastructure while addressing any technical questions or concerns customers might have. Beyond the technical aspects of the solutions you will be expected to provide industry, solution, and product best practices. Specific Responsibilities as the Pre Sales Consultant/ Sales Engineer will include: Provide technical, functional and subject matter expertise to sales team. Strategize with Direct Sales and Account Management teams to architect enterprise solutions utilising product offerings. Conduct technical presentations and product demonstrations for customer audiences. Aid in the completion and presentation of RFPs and RFIs. Work closely with our Product Management team and other divisions to maintain technical and functional knowledge of existing and new products. Work with Product Management, Marketing and other organisations to help align the solution offerings with customer needs based on feedback you receive during the presales cycle. Establish working relationships with members of other teams to utilise as “goto” resources. Qualifications: 5 years of experience in a technical Pre Sales Consultant/ Sales Engineer, consulting role, including prior experience with a complex, enterprise environment. Knowledge of payment and/or risk management systems and the industry is required. Strong understanding of domestic and global payment processing of credit/debit cards, local country payment types, etc. Familiarity with “know your customer” (“KYC”) compliance regulations and competitors. Knowledge of the PCI DSS and the impact to enterprise merchants. Strong knowledge of technology, including programming/scripting languages (Java, Web Services, C/C++, .NET, PHP, Perl, Java Script, etc.), operating systems (Unix, Windows), mobile operating systems (iOS, Android, Windows 8 ) and commercial software applications. Strong customer interaction skills combined with excellent verbal and written communication skills. Prior Sales or customer/prospect presentation experience required. Based in London, UK with availability to travel up to 30% across the UK. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related discipline is required. Eurobase People are acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PreSalesConsultantSalesEngineerJavaNetPaymentVerificatio_job****