Title: Operations Manager  **** month FTC
Webindex: 68709990
Company: Xerox
Description: Purpose: The role holder works as part of the service delivery team that is aligned to one or more customers. He/she will have focus on the following: ? Delivery of service that meets SLA and delights the customer (KPI: SLA achieved high customer satisfaction) ? Developing strong relationships and teams (KPI: Strong network in place people development is evident) ? Supporting the achievement of productivity improvements (KPI: Value for customer enhanced margin) ? Contributing to service transformation and business growth (KPI: Further profitable service revenue) Scope: The work undertaken by the role holder is completed in line with the Service Level Agreement and Statement of Work relevant for the customer. The role typically has people management responsibilities. Primary Responsibilities: • Ensure an efficient operation of the service delivery unit by maintaining Xerox governance standards • Plan and control the production of work by fully utilising the equipment and resources and by producing work by the most economic method, ensuring maximum profitability is achieved and customer requirements are met • Implement effective workflow processes and strategies developed with the client in partnership with the XGS team, ensuring the most cost effective delivery of services • To manage, coach and develop relevant Service Delivery Operations staff • Ensuring the client's service requirements and SLAs are understood by the whole team and implemented • Supporting operational team to achieve SLAs • Track the performance against SLAs and KPIs (e.g. value add, cost savings, conversion to digital, rationalisation, consolidation, VAT savings etc.) • Carry out quality checks to ensure quality standards are maintained. • Liaise with key customers and suppliers • Help maintain and develop revenue by providing the full range of services to meet customer requirements and identifying opportunities to extend or introduce new services • Involvement in issue resolution for internal and external issues • Ensure the feedback from the customer is communicated to the team and changes to delivery strategies are implemented where required Candidate Education: Minimum: High School Diploma / (GED) / Secondary School GCSE or equivalent Candidate Background: Skills, Knowledge Ability: Minimum requirements: Previous experience in customer facing service delivery roles Ability to negotiate and work with senior client managers Familiarity with relevant service offers Proven people management skills Ability to convey concepts and ideas effectively to a variety of audiences This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OperationsManager****monthFTC_job****