Title: ISP Service Manager
Webindex: 67652130
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: ISP Services Manager Salford/ Manchester **** to **** Are you looking for an opportunity where you have a direct input into cuttingedge technologies, and where your innovative ideas are truly acknowledged and rewarded? Our client was formed in **** as a result of two telecommunications organisation merging together. The company has since grown through a number of acquisitions, each excelling in their own area of expertise, creating one of the fastest growing managed telecommunication providers in the UK. The ISP Service Manager will be responsible for installation, support, upgrade and maintenance of server applications and infrastructure providing services to customers taking ISP Services to include but not limited to email, web hosting, colo, network support, ISP, billing, internal and customer facing services. The post holder will have an excellent knowledge and experience of Linux and Windows in a Network/ISP environment, installing, configuring and maintaining servers and applications, hardware and software, ensuring servers are secure and monitored. The ISP Service Manager will have a good knowledge of Windows including Server ****K3 onwards, Web Servers (IIS), Domains/Active Directory, MS Exchange and File/Print Services. The ideal candidate will have a strong technical aptitude with good time management, project management and communication skills and be self motivated with good diagnostic and problem solving skills. The post holder will work as part of a team or independently as the job requires. The candidate will work as part of the team twentyfour/seven oncall rota and be flexible and travel to hosting centres and other group sites as the job requires. Knowledge of Cisco networking, switches, routers, firewalls, access servers, VoIP and SCE (service control engine) would be useful. Software development in C, C++ and scripting languages would be desirable but not essential. Key Skills: Scripting (shell, PHP, Perl), RADIUS (icRADIUS, FreeRADIUS), email (sendmail, exim, spamassassin, clamav), DNS (Bind), SQL (MySQL, PostgreSQL), Web Servers (Apache), Version Control (CVS, Subversion), Monitoring (Cacti, MRTG, Nagios, HP Openview, Solarwinds Orion), ticketing systems (Assyst, RT), Network file systems (SMB, NFS), host firewall configuration (iptables, ipchains), SSH, NTP, TACACS, Backup (AMANDA). Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm)Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy