Title: IT Operations Manager
Webindex: 69022469
Company: Parker White Consulting Ltd
Description: IT Operations Manager ****  Benefits (Central Bristol) IT Operations Manager, IT Manager, IT Support Manager, Operations Manager. Permanent Position. ****  Benefits. A leading organisation based out of Bristol requires a talented and effective IT Operations Manager to oversee the technical engineering team responsible for the organisations IT systems. The core function of the IT Operations Manager is to take ownership of all IT systems and technologies whilst managing the support team. The technical requirements are as follows: Windows Technologies VMware AS**** The general requirement isn t for someone technically handson but does require an individual that is technically minded and able to identify issues and organise repair swiftly with limited effect the business. You ll be required to oversee all IT related projects, which may involve refresh programmes and upgrades. Also, make recommendations to optimise systems and improve application performance throughout the company. The suitable candidate will ensure that the system is safe from all threats and viruses whilst guaranteeing disaster recovery and absolutely no loss of data during system failure. This is an exceptional opportunity for an individual that has a very clear career history managing IT support teams and overseeing the management of business critical IT systems, infrastructure and applications. It is essential that you have managerial abilities and exception communications skills to enable IT project based work is managed through the business. The organisation is based out of Bristol with easy access to Temple Meads Train Station. Commutable from Bristol, Taunton, Cheltenham, Swindon, Cirencester s or someone you know s needs and you are ready to work in environment which will utilise your current skills whilst developing new ones, do not hesitate to forward your CV for immediate consideration. Parker White Consulting is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position