Title: Middleware Engineer/Support (Solace)
Webindex: 70455803
Company: Scope AT Limited
Description: The Communication Middleware Team provides engineering solutions and support for the Messageoriented Middleware platforms and infrastructure in all regions of the world on a twentyfour/seven basis. The global presence often necessitates extended work hours throughout the week and occasionally on weekends. In addition to primary functions, team members also take on a role of 2nd level engineering support in the event a production issue requires escalation. Team members take ownership of problems and remain responsible for their systems and actions. The Communication Middleware team support the following products: Solace Systems IBM WebSphere MQ TIBCO Rendezvous TIBCO EMS The team is responsible for breakfix support, proactive maintenance and development and engineering of Middleware products for the firm globally. Support is covered using a followtheSun support model covering Europe, Americas and Asia Pacific regions **** Technical proficiency is preferred in as many of the following technologies as possible: Solace systems Linux/UNIX/Windows operating systems, including: command line operations, Shell Scripting, fault analysis, etc TIBCO messaging products (eg RV and EMS), IBM MQSeries and general networking concepts would be beneficial. Any development experience would also be useful. Candidates must have handson experience in support of mediumtohigh complexity messageoriented Middleware deployments or similar technology. The candidate should have good grasp of enterprise level technology concepts like faulttolerance, business continuity and horizontal and vertical scalability. This position consists of working within the Communication Middleware Team in London, delivering expert services on the Solace messageoriented Middleware technology. The role covers all aspects of the service delivery including: Middleware consultancy; Develop proofofconcept projects to demonstrate the product to internal customers, Performance tuning to ensure acceptable levels of application performance. Support; Supporting and troubleshooting the production environment Solutions; Interpretation and understanding of functional specifications and implementation of solution. Unit/Systems Testing and Documentation; Assist in preparation of unit tests for projects and services. Execution of unit test cases and documentation of results. Providing support during QA and UAT test phases Vendor Management; Work directly with the vendor in those instances where resolution of development issues or bugs DR invocation/testing; Assist with DR testing Evaluate new products and manage releases internally. Qualifications/Education: Candidate should have previous experience supporting Messageoriented Middleware in a business/time critical environment. Degree educated with IT experience in a financial environment.