Title: Business Analyst  Agile, Web, eCommerce, Scrum, TDD, BDD, UML
Webindex: 72675664
Company: Burns Sheehan
Description: Business Analyst  Agile, Web, eCommerce, Scrum, TDD, BDD, UML Continuous Delivery, Continuous Integration A great opportunity has arisen for a Business Analyst with a strong background working on largescale creative agile projects to join this fantastic organisation at their stunning offices in an exciting and attractive, part of London, just two minutes walk (literally) from the tube station. The company have been the winners of numerous awards for recognition for outstanding, ground breaking work in the digital world. The Business Analyst must possess the following skills/experience:  Experience working as a Business Analyst gained working in the digital/media/eCommerce area.  Experience of scoping and estimating a number of important projects  A degree in a computer related discipline from a top university would be nice.  Previous experience of promoting, growing and developing a team  Experience of working within an Agile environment  Knowledge of UML This Global Digital Media Agency are the first port of call when the worlds most respected companies want to successfully market their products. As leaders in their field, this company have revolutionised and pioneered the way in which products are marketed and have been behind the launch of some of the biggest and best loved products imaginable in today's market, used by millions worldwide. They promote a relaxed, dressdown working atmosphere along with a number of social events such as monthly offsite breakfasts and various team/company nights etc . . . As well as these socially appealing events, they are also very much a family orientated company where many of the employees enjoy corporate benefits that suit them and their families. If you match the above specifications, please submit your CV for review. Should you be recognised as suitable, then you will receive a call and will be sent the full job specification. Business Analyst  Agile, Web, eCommerce, Scrum, TDD, BDD, UML, Continuous Delivery, Continuous IntegrationBurns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessAnalystAgileWebeCommerceScrumTDDBDDUML_job****