Title: Erlang Programmer
Webindex: 71184832
Company: Anonymous
Description: Role Description: With our portfolio of customer facing projects and consultancy assignments increasing in all of our offices, we are looking for talented individuals to join our young and dynamic team. We are looking for both experienced and junior developers with knowledge of functional programming languages such as Erlang, Clojure, Haskell, Scala and the imperative languages like C, Java and ObjectiveC. The right candidates will join small teams of highly skilled systems engineers developing software using Erlang/OTP. You will gain valuable experience in exciting stateoftheart systems within the Telecom, Financial Services, Banking, Messaging and Logistics sectors. As our clients are spread on six continents, there will be an opportunity to travel if you're up for it. Responsibilities: Responsible for the detailed programming and testing of individual programmes or routines within an overall project. Design, code, test and support of Erlang and related software, including some research. Develop solutions using distributed concurrent programming, software packaging and release Write and test code in Erlang and occasionally in other languages such as C, Java, Clojure, Haskell, Scala ObjectiveC . Experienced programmers will be expected to mentor and coach junior staff. Minimum Education: A Degree or Masters in Computer Science, or related subject. Skills and experience required: Essential Demonstrable software development and implementation experience Demonstrable knowledge of Erlang programming which will be tested. Experience with Linux and Solaris operating systems Good verbal and written communication in English Good customer facing and presentation skills. Desirable Programming skills and experience with languages such as C and Java Experience of implementation of soft realtime servers Experience with communications protocols (HTTP, XMPP, SMPP, ) Experience with Agile Methods, including Test Driven Development Experience with financial systems including payments arena, Automotive, Telecom and gaming sectors would be advantageous Knowledge of: Distributed computing, Parallelism and concurrency, Virtualisation Equal opportunities: The right candidate will work in a rapidly expanding company which is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ErlangProgrammer_job****