Title: Project Manager (Econometrics)
Webindex: 67615243
Company: Digital Personnel
Description: Global Marketing Analytics Agency requires a Project Manager to support a variety of clients from their London office paying a competitive salary of up to **** The Project Manager will be responsible for running one or more projects simultaneously whilst adhering to the agency’s procedures and working practices. You will be required to take sufficient responsibility within a project to free up the Partners time to enable them to deal with more clients / projects. The Project Manager will be expected to manage Trainee Analysts, Analysts and Senior Analysts. Key duties and responsibilities;  Ensure that the agency’s procedures and working practices are implemented.  Data analysis.  Building of Econometric Models.  Assist in the production of presentations.  Attend both internal and external meetings during a project.  Liaising with clients via email and telephone in a professional manner.  Support Trainees and Analysts where appropriate.  Take personal managerial responsibility for Econometric staff to Senior Analyst level.  Become a specialist in a particular field with responsibility for developing and recommending action as well as organising and implementing decisions. The agency is a leading marketing analytics business that is part of a large media network. They have pioneered the use of econometrics to measure the sales effectiveness of media and marketing activities for 40 years specialising in bespoke, indepth analysis and consultancy which enables marketers to achieve their brand objectives. They specialise in providing clients with the strategic and tactical advice necessary to optimise the ROI from all marketing activities and to maximise profitable sales. A generous starting salary plus a range of benefits is on offer including healthcare, season ticket loan, gym discounts and many other fun social events. This is a great opportunity for someone who has a strong project management background and a passion for analytics to take their career to the next level within a leading agency. Please do not hesitate to apply for further information Digital Personnel is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Digital Personnel is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the digital media market, developing recruitment partnerships with innovative interactive businesses on a global scale. Digital Personnel supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and implementing online marketing strategies that continue to push the boundaries within this everevolving industry.