Title: Junior Trainer
Webindex: 72695864
Company: Venturi Ltd
Description: Junior IT Trainer  Top 20 UK Law Firm  Central London IT Trainer opening with a Top 20 UK Law Firm working out of their Central London office. This role would suit an IT Trainer with at least 6 months IT Training experience providing classroom training in desktop applications. This Law Firm is a Leading International Player with an outstanding reputation in the legal sector, and only recruits the best talent If you are an IT Trainer at the start of your career, and looking to join a Company where you will receive excellent training and support, get to work on some of the most exciting and bleedingedge projects, as well as receive a competitive salary and benefits package then read on Key skills  At least 6 months IT Training experience providing classroom training in desktop applications.  Excellent classroom training skills.  a professional and flexible approach to work and colleagues at all times.  Ability and enthusiasm to learn new applications.  Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to communicate at all levels of the organisation.  Excellent written skills demonstrated through the production of quality course materials.  Good working knowledge of all Microsoft Office applications and Windows 7. Desirable  Experience in creating new courses  from planning and creating the course outline and script, through to dry run, pilot and delivery to user group.  Coaching and onetoone training experience, floorwalking, deskside and online delivery skills.  Certificate in IT Training methodologies, eg TAP/TPMA.  Experience of creating eLearning courses using Adobe Captivate or similar.  Experience of delivering training online, eg WebEx.  Experience of delivering Office 2010 training.  Some working knowledge of Carpe Diem, BigHand, BlackBerry and Autonomy Worksite DMS.  Some understanding of practice management systems and other legal applications. RESPONSIBILITIES  Provide high quality training courses in the following applications:  Microsoft Office and off the shelf and bespoke legal applications as detailed in, but not limited to, the Technical Skills section above.  Telephone and voicemail system.  Remote working Citrix, BlackBerry and iPad.  New joiner inductions.  Provide seminars, onetoone and deskside training when necessary.  Produce training course material and supporting documentation, both hard copy and on the intranet using the CMS.  Produce and update user guides on the intranet site.  Produce eLearning courses for new application rollouts and bespoke Slaughter and May products.  Work on eLearning related aspects of Technology projects.  Promote the use of eLearning modules within the Firm.  Carryout required training and eLearning administration within the department. Work with the IT Training Manager and IT Training and eLearning Coordinator to schedule courses and maintain the LMS.  Regular floorwalking of training related topics. This is an excellent opportunity with a globally recognised Law Firm, so send your CV ASAP to avoid missing out Junior IT Trainer  Top 20 UK Law Firm  Central London