Title: Oracle Technical Applications Consultant
Webindex: 70622534
Company: Hitachi Consulting
Description: JDeveloper,Java, XML, SOA Suite, Fusion Middleware, UNIX, BPEL, Oracle Service Bus As part of our commitment to develop our capability within Oracle's newer technologies, the opportunity exists for an experienced Oracle Technical Applications Consultant to join our Oracle Technical Solutions Practice, which specialises in the implementation and enhancement of Oracle Applications Ebusiness Suite. Working in the Technology practice you will gain exposure to the latest Oracle Fusion Applications and a range of Oracle technology applicable to the solutions Hitachi provides. Working on high profile client engagements you will be implementing and developing using the latest tools and methodologies across enterprise scale programmes. With responsibilities for key designs and deliverables you will be a critical member ensuring the success of the engagement. Whilst working as part of the Hitachi team you may also to be called upon to oversee or manage small teams of offshore development staff as required. The successful candidate will also be involved in both practice development activities (to maintain our thought leadership) and presales activities. Previous experience of both areas is desirable. Key Skills Successful candidates will recognise from their Oracle Applications Consulting experience that their core skill is the pragmatic application of their technical skills to fulfil overall business objectives. The main technical skills required are: JDeveloper BPEL Process Manager Oracle Service Bus (formally Enterprise Service Bus) Java XML Oracle Business Rules Practical experience of the SOA Suite and Fusion Middleware Application Servers  such as, Weblogic and Aqualogic Traditional skills including SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle Developer, Oracle Discoverer, UNIX, covering all aspect of project life cycle In return we can offer opportunities for rapid career progression that come from being part of the Hitachi group, a commitment to training and development and a challenging but supportive work environment. As a Hitachi employee you will also enjoy a flexible benefits package including high base salary, pension and private health dental care.