Title: Lead Business Analyst (Investment Banking Consultancy)
Webindex: 68361088
Company: TLP Consultancy Ltd.
Description: Lead Business Analyst (Investment Banking) London ****  **** plus package Background Successful candidates will work within my client's consulting practice providing projectbased services within the Financial Services arena, covering areas such as electronic markets, trading and risk management. Projects can be performed either on the client site or on an outsourced basis within my client's offices. This is a demanding and rewarding environment and ultimately a great place to work. Working for a smaller company means that employees can gain a wide variety of experience and there are no artificial restrictions to the speed of career progression. Job description A Lead Business Analyst is required to work with and at times lead teams selling and delivering projects within the Financial Services sector. During client engagements, the successful candidate will work as a part of small team of consultants and perform activities such as business stakeholder requirements gathering, business process modelling/reengineering and collating output from the other team members into high quality documentation and workshop presentations. With experience and a greater understanding of my client's engagement model, the individual will have the opportunity to lead project teams, managing stakeholder relationships and ensuring timely delivery. Within presales, the role involves working with Client Relationship Managers to explore clients' requirements and qualify them sufficiently to develop compelling proposals for the services they provide. Through investment in research, training and development, the opportunity also exists to develop specific areas of deep expertise for which the successful candidate will become recognised as the company expert, proactively supporting sales strategy and activities. Skills and qualities The key skill areas required are: **** Strong written and verbal communication skills, including authoring of business documents and presentations, running workshops and stakeholder management. **** Accurate and comprehensive gathering of requirements in order to form a coherent specifications and similar material. **** Business process modelling and optimisation, including its documentation and understanding the role of an organisation's structure and IT systems on its decision making processes. **** Able to independently plan, organise and manage their own and others' work. The successful candidate will be proactive, organised and focussed strongly on delivering results. They will remain diligent, coolheaded and professional at all times. Experience The candidate will have a track record of taking the lead in highquality analysis work delivered as part of a team executing challenging projects. They will be experienced in dealing with senior stakeholders and fulfilling a primarily 'external' facing role within the team. They will have been involved in delivery and may also have experience of presales or advisory/consultancy work. A background in the financial sector, including investment banking, insurance or asset management is essential. The candidate will benefit from having lead or managed small teams or work streams. Please forward me your CV for immediate consideration for this challenging role. TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/LeadBusinessAnalystInvestmentBankingConsultancy_job****