Title: Principle Developer  BizTalk
Webindex: 71423466
Company: Verticailty Ltd
Description: BizTalk Principle Developer Cambridgeshire BizTalk | Developer | Principle Developer My end user client has recently embarked on a 70m Finance, Business and IS transformation programme underpinned by SAP. They are undertaking multiple business wide projects as part of a wider transformation agenda and as such Group IS now has a vacancy for a BizTalk Developer. The role is to research, identify and apply BizTalk technology and its supporting standards in order to help the company meet the delivery of systems for the Business Streams. The post holder will have to design and build BizTalk solutions to integrate services from internal and third party software solutions that meet given requirements, using current best practices. You should be able to design and build interfaces and processes to aid these integrations. The main duties of the role include:  Analyse, design, build the company`s integration systems, which conform to its internal quality standards and ensure that external suppliers also conform to those standards.  Provide expert advice to help enable Senior Management and Business Streams to set IS strategies  Contribute to the setting and review of design and development standards for technologies in relation to BizTalk within IS Development and to maintain the quality of delivery.  Build and maintain effective relationships with IS groups, third party suppliers and the Business Stream in order to facilitate effective delivery of qualitydriven projects To succeed in this role, it is essential you are able to demonstrate the following skills and competencies:  Good communication skills with ability to build relationships with team and clients. Must be able to comfortably handle differences in opinion and explain technical concepts to nontechnical staff.  Capable of providing estimates and quantifying costbenefit tradeoffs for implementing a design.  Development experience including: Adapters, orchestrations, XML schemas/maps, pipelines, functoids, BRE , BAM  Development experience including C, WCF, WF  Aware of relevant integration design patterns e.g. ESB, SOA, EAI, ETL  Basic understanding of infrastructure considerations, e.g. CPU, memory, caching, disk IO and their impact on development options. Also desirable would be an understanding of:  ESB Toolkit  SQL Server 2005/****  SSIS  SCOM  Agile development practices This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrincipleDeveloperBizTalk_job****