Title: Web Designer  Html, CSS, PHP, Portfolio
Webindex: 68627412
Company: TEKsystems
Description: Web Designer  HTML, CSS, PHP, Portfolio HTML, CSS, PHP, Web Design Background, Portfolio, Creative My client is one of the fastest growing eCommerce websites in the world and they are currently looking for talented web designers to join their expanding team. This site currently hits an audience of over 1 million people so this is an opportunity for millions of people to see your work. This role is looking for creative individuals, with the passion to design from scratch. You will not be given templates to work from in this role so strong portfolios should be referenced on your CV. The candidate should have experience as they would be expected to hit the ground running, and experience of an eCommerce background is preferred. The candidate will be of particular interest if they can demonstrate loyalty to a position of employment or if they can demonstrate consistent work with a client throughout their freelance work. This role offers an exciting career for someone with the passion and flair to succeed in a design environment. There is a heavy focus on promoting from within, so this role offers you the chance to develop a career within one of the most exciting eCommerce sites on the market. You will be given the opportunity to work with cutting edge technology, as the client currently trades behind Google and Apple in terms of the technology that the client uses. The technologies of direct importance to this are; HTML CSS PHP Web Design Background Creative Strong Portfolio This role is urgent so please submit your application for immediate consideration Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice.