Title: Developer in Test  do you like to break things for money?
Webindex: 71709193
Company: Huddle
Description: If you like to break things for money, we need you. We're looking for a rigorous and fearsome Quality Assurance and Test Automation Engineer to maintain our standards of excellence, uncover the edge cases we've forgotten and generally keep our friendly team of developers honest. About us We're on a mission to connect people with their content and their coworkers. A true Brit of Silicon Roundabout with big feet in Silicon Valley, we're a more grownup, less risky startup choice. We've got the bigname customers (80% of the Fortune **** and UK central government, and companies like KIA motors, AKQA and Boots) but we've also got the young and hungry culture, the outstanding benefits and stock options, and way too much free cake. Our enterprise collaboration platform is available on the desktop, iPhone and iPad. We reckon having a seamless, crossplatform, dropdeadgorgeous experience is the key to our ongoing success. Encouraging that kind of creativity is going to take a lot more of our circus parties, fun runs and movie nights. The job B2B software can be pretty complex, but quality and usability is where it counts. Our QA team is the heart of our quality factory; always thinking of the big picture and waving the flag for our customers' needs. You'll work in a crossfunctional team with developers and product managers, all of us responsible for building an amazing product. Your mission: ?Design and review test cases and coordinate manual and automated regression testing ?Create and maintain robust automation tests ?Report and manage defects through to successful resolution ?Help us get better about our QA process ?Suggest updates and improvements to the product ?Pick your favourite pizza toppings on free lunch Wednesdays About You You've a frightening attention to detail, you are passionate about great software and comfortable with systemlevel thinking. You are a natural in setting priorities, enjoy working in a fastpaced startup environment and share in the excitement of growing a global cloudbased business. Like us, you're enthusiastic, driven, and motivated by constant improvement. You're a great communicator and love to work and play with others. And you must be legally entitled to work in the UK. What we need from you Huddle QAs are multitalented, blending deep technical knowledge with amazing communication skills. Here are some of the skills we would expect you to have ?Commercial experience working with Scrum, XP or a similar Agile methodology ?An understanding of Test Driven Development and/or Business Driven Development ?A proven track record testing user interfaces and everything downward ?Experience using Selenium RC/ WebDriver or a similar framework, and crossbrowser testing ?Experience writing SQL queries and insert/update statements ?A basic understanding of objectoriented programming and the ability to write simple code in at least one OO language, such as Java or C Ideally we'd also like ?Experience of mobile testing (iOS/ android) and mobile automation ?Knowledge of a scripting language ?Understanding of what an API/API testing is ?The moon on a stick Are we asking too much? Don't worry; we'll get you up to speed with our fancy ways, and give you the advice and support you'll need to feel right at home. Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location