Title: Global UAT Test Manager, Head of QA, Banking, Warsaw, Poland
Webindex: 69043847
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Global UAT Test Manager, Head of QA, Banking, Warsaw, Poland My global banking client, one of the largest and most powerful in the industry, has a rare and exciting opportunity for a senior Test Manager to head up QA globally for a major part of their business. This is an opportunity for someone looking for a challenge in a different part of the work, or for someone move back closer to home, as it will be based in Warsaw in Poland. The Global UAT Test Manager will be responsible for defining and driving a UAT strategy which will encompass a UAT team of up to **** testers in multiple locations. The role will involve working with the existing team on regional projects as well as building up a centralised specialist team. The UAT Test Manager must have experience of driving a UAT Strategy across a large business, as well as working with senior business stakeholders and liaising with 3rd party vendors. Whilst a background in finance would be preferable, experience of UAT Management at a global level will be more important, as well as an appreciation of the differences between the cultures and markets across Europe, Asia and the US. Please note, an understanding of Polish is NOT necessary for this position. Required:  An in depth background within UAT Test Management  Experience of managing global teams  Proven ability to define and drive forwards UAT strategy  Confident, with excellent communication skills and the ability to liaise with senior stakeholders. This is an opportunity to take a senior role, in a key area, of global banking giant. As well as an exciting opportunity to do something a little different, this position will offer the successful candidate enormous potential for career growth and mobility within the organisation. If you feel you meet these requirements and would like to find out more about this role please send a copy of your CV or call on **** **** **** for more information. Your application will be held in strict confidence and your CV will not be forwarded on with a prior detailed conversation about the role and company and your express permission. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/GlobalUATTestManagerHeadofQABankingWarsawPoland_job****