Title: Lead Technical Business Analyst
Webindex: 68496296
Company: aap3
Description: Our client Capita is the UK's leading Business Process Outsourcing organisation and a FTSE100 company considered the best in its field. They provide services to some of the biggest and best organisations across many industries in both the UK and abroad and they pride ourselves on attracting and retaining talented individuals within our professional working environments. We are looking for an experienced Principal Systems Analyst who will be fully integrated with Solution Development Team and focusing on the relationship between the business and technical roles, ensuring accurate and decisive direction is provided to the Solution Development Team on a daytoday basis. The Principal Systems Analyst ensures that the business needs are properly analysed and are correctly reflected in the guidance the team needs to generate the envisioned solution. Active involvement of the business users in the process of the evolving solution is vital to the success of a project so it is important to ensure that the Systems Analyst does not become an intermediary between the Developers and the Business Ambassadors and Advisors, but rather supports and facilitates the communication between them. In a larger or more formal project there may be a requirements to lead a team of analysts working on a project. Must have experuience in LAG, BPM and K**** Workflow Main responsibilities will include: Extract and understand the client's business and translate these into system solutions to meet the business need. Working as an integrated part of the development team and in partnership with client, proactively propose effective and cost effective solutions to business problems. Plan and estimate analysis deliverables with the development manager, assisting in the management of project stakeholders. Work closely with development managers, software architects and lead developers in proactively identifying project risks and issues. Also work closely with this group to understand the technical constraints and options that will guide the recommended solutions. Develop detailed application functional requirements in accordance with the department processes and standards. Own the business requirement throughout the development life cycle ensuring the deliverable is fit for business purpose. Formulate business system requirements for more complex and abstract high level objectives. Assist the development manager in stakeholder management, ensuring the correct stakeholders are engaged throughout the life cycle of the project Build strong relationships with the stakeholders using the appropriate style of communication for the audience. To identify and evolve best working practices, seeking out new techniques which can be adapted for use by self and others. To gather requirements and liaise with customers throughout the project life cycle. To assist in presales activities building client relationships. Formally review developers work to ensure it meets the business requirement Essential Experience/Skills Experience in leading teams on analysts on large implementation projects Experience acting as a business systems analyst within large scale software development projects and/or systems integration projects A general understanding of software design patters and the inherent constraints with the use of COTS produces as part of an overall solution. Any experience of specifying requirements with the use of integrated and customised COTS products would be beneficial. A strong understanding of the software development life cycle with experience in working within a formal life cycle (DSDM would be desirable although not essential) A good understanding of software testing both functional and nonfunctional. An understanding of software design patterns and/or software architecture. Experience of requirements capture and analysis techniques. A good understanding of the importance of and inherence to; test in a software development life cycle. A good understanding of the importance of and inherence to; deployment in a software development life cycle. An understanding of the importance of project management in a software development life cycle. An understanding of the principles involved in managing progress and risks on software development projects. The ability to determine timescales and milestones for a project and to construct a project plan showing the tasks, dependencies, milestones and target dates. The ability to write and review concise technical documentation. Desired Experience/SkillsGeneral experience of Local Government applications General experience of Local Government organisations and working practices An understanding of Web accessibility standards The ability to construct a document for use in a bid process Personal AttributesExcellent problem solving and analytical skills The ability to work on own initiative Works in a structured and repeatable way Forward and positive thinking Self Motivating Good communication skill High level of human interaction skills Pragmatic and calm approach to work Smart and presentable Good team player