Title: Senior Open System Engineer
Webindex: 71443840
Company: Jenrick IT Limited
Description: A global publishing company are seeking an experienced Systems Engineer to Engineer solutions that use best practises and technologies resulting in cost effective solutions that meet or exceed defined business needs and requirements Main Duties and Responsibilities o Work with business teams to engineer infrastructure solutions to support their needs o Work with businesses to develop global designs for acquisitions, divestitures and office moves o Validate requirements documents (SLPs). Ensure the creation of traceable, measurable, well documented business requirements o Develop high and detailed design documents (SDPs) o Coordinate engineering resources technology disciplines (security, network, storage, ) o Work with engineers and management to modify or develop standards and procedures governing the installation, configuration and operation of new technologies, services and Open Systems solutions o Consults with clients and team mates to identify all facets of an issue and generate a solution. Understands potential impacts to processes and systems across organisation and factors these into solutions. Excellent conceptualisation, analytical and logic skills. o Consults with clients and team mates to identify all facets of an issue and generate a solution. Understands potential impacts to processes and systems across organisation and factors these into solutions. Excellent conceptualisation, analytical and logic skills.  Technical Competencies o Bachelors degree or equivalent or 57 years relevant experience o Extensive knowledge of Unix/Linux environments (Red Hat and Solaris preferred) o Experience in a large enterprise environments (**** systems/images). o Solid scripting experience (bash, perl, csh, ksh, etc). o Proven indepth knowledge of UNIX/Linux internals and common open systems daemons (httpd, nfs, sshd, smtp, etc). o Working knowledge of vitalisation technologies (VMware, Solaris Containers and LDOMs). o Other desirable technologies: Mark Logic, Oracle ****G/****G, Red Hat Clustering, Veritas, HP Automated Server Provisioning. o Working knowledge of TCP/IP networking. o Excellent problem solving and debugging skills. o Disciplined in design, release, change, and incident methodologies (ITIL, Six Sigma, etc).  Additional Preferred Qualifications Industry/product certifications LEAN Six Sigma Experience/Certification  Competencies o Building Trust, Tenacity, Stress Tolerance, Initiating Action, Customer Focus, Quality Orientation o Excellent communication skills o Strong organisational and planning skills including the setting of priorities o Ability to build excellent working relationships o Ability to juggle multiple priorities o Technical expert in relevant field o Strong Problem Management and problem solving skills o Ability to challenge in a professional but effective manner o Experience of global and multicultural environments and crossorganisational working o Ability for good strategic decision making often under pressure o Extensive experience working in a customerfocused environment. Demonstrated ability to assess issues and provide viable, cost effective business solutions. o Exemplifies teamwork and serves as role model. Ability to successfully facilitate collaboration across multiple functions, departments and levels. o Ability to effectively and professionally communicate, both orally and in writing. Ability to articulate and translate technical language to nontechnical customers. Influences at all levels across the company within span of control. o Track record of consistently driving projects to completion and taking accountability for work and results. o Confronts tough issues and situations. o Demonstrates and promotes creativity and innovation. Proactively seeks out alternative solutions to business problems. o Consults with clients and teammates to identify all facets of an issue and generate a solution. Understands potential impacts to processes and systems across organization and factors these into solutions. Excellent conceptualisation, analytical and logic skills.