Title: Instructional Designer
Webindex: 68360793
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: Randstad Technologies have been commissioned by a Leading eLearning Company to recruit a full time Instructional Designer for their busy team based in the South West of England. My client has been a market leader in the world of ELearning for the last ten years and has ambitious growth plans to ensure they remain one of the leading providers of blended learning in the UK. The Role: You will play an integral part in servicing my client's large Blue Chip client base and be comfortable working in a fast paced, dynamic and challenging environment. You will also be required to:  Develop eLearning solutions for a large and varied client base  Translate learning aims into exciting solutions  Produce video and audio scripts to a high standard  Join senior management members at client meetings and take active roles in presentations to potential and existing clients  Be extremely well organised and have the ability to juggle several tasks and projects at a given time  Progress to managing a select number of clients at senior management's discretion. My client is offering a generous basic salary up to **** plus benefits and the opportunity to progress within a forward thinking organisation. This is an excellent opportunity to join a highly regarded ELearning Company that offers fantastic career progression. If this is of interest please email me an updated CV to be considered for this role. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InstructionalDesigner_job****