Title: Mobility Architect/Tech Lead
Webindex: 72127053
Company: Avance Consulting
Description: Job title: Mobility Architect/Tech Lead We have an exciting opening with one of our clients, for ' Mobility Architect/Tech Lead '. It's an immediate hire and planning to close it ASAP. Job Description for the role : Roles: Mobility Architect/Tech Lead Location : London Type : Permanent Skills/Requirements for the Mobility Architect : Should have good knowledge of enterprise mobility both consumer and business market Involved in Architecting, Analysis, design and development of mobile and mobile enablement applications and products. Understand the backend technologies and integration challenges. Have good knowledge on iOS experience in HTML5 would be helpful. Good understanding of business processes Worked in various roles – Solution Architect Technology Architect in various phases of Software project life cycle. Can propose mobile architecture to address the customer needs. Responsible for contributing to the design architecture for small to medium projects. Works on problems of highly complex scope, through expert usage of nonstandard concepts principles requiring high levels of judgment interpretation. Works as a guide and sets directions for medium sized projects of reasonable complexity. Applies own judgment to independently determine a course of action, which is then executed by project teams. Role is capable of finding out new methods and processes to approach complex situations in the respective area(s) of expertise Should have worked in at least **** native iOS Enterprise Mobile Application developments. Strong knowledge of OOPs Concepts, iOS architecture and UI, all major Frameworks. Hands on iOS SDK, ObjectiveC programming and Databases – SQLite and Core Data. Working knowledge on Web services such as RESTful and SOAP protocols. Understanding and implementation experience on XMS/JSON parsing, Multithreading concepts (NSThread, NSTimer, NSTask). Working Knowledge on Concurrency programming (Operation, Queue, GCD) and application of Blocks concepts. Hands on experience on MDT tools. Involved in Architecting an iOS based Enterprise Application (both Native Hybrid) and preparing various Design artifacts for the same (LLD, HLD, SRS, UML). About us , Avance Consulting is one of the UK’s fastest growing talent acquisition companies working with multiple International clients. I look forward to working with you on this or other Avance Services opportunities. Please apply immediately to: Email  seemaavanceservices.co.uk / Contact : **** Ext: **** This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/MobilityArchitectTechLead_job****