Title: IT Service Asset and Configuration Analyst (Leeds)
Webindex: 68626616
Company: The Bridge Ltd
Description: Skills  ITIL, Service, Asset, Configuration Our leading Global client based in Leeds are seeking a strong Service Asset and Configuration Analyst to join an exciting team and growing organisation. Role Profile To ensure that the ITIL processes are being followed by the Service Asset and Configuration Analyst. To support a team of Service Asset and Configuration, providing support for other team member. Also provide support other business activities. This role is vital in building and maintaining good levels of satisfaction within the businesses and maintaining Competition Beating Service Specific responsibilities: Populating and maintain the Configuration Management System (CMS) Ensuring the predefined activities are aligned with the Change Management process Ensuring the CMS provides accurate and up to date information. Ensuring regular snapshots and Configuration Baselines are taken and protected Triggering an auditing process on the CMS Considering the usage of a Definitive Media Library as appropriate. Making recommendations for Service Improvement Plans Ensuring the Service Asset and Configuration Management process is performed as designed. Sponsorship, design, and continual improvement of the process and its metrics. Assisting analysts in providing secondline support for SACM Report to SAC Manager on any issue that could significantly impact the business Production of statistics and management reports Contribute to the SACM knowledgebase and provide knowledge transfer to colleagues and other support teams as required. Retaining ownership of more serious incident for SACM when with authorised support group line support, keeping users informed of status and progress Ensure all incidents and tasks are resolved quickly within the structured timescale Interact with Problem Management to assist with minimising and preventing the impact of reoccurring incidents Ensure the management of Software licensing/Inventory within the organisation The SACA to facilitate impact assessment for RFCs and to ensure that implemented changes are as authorised Performs configuration audits to check that the physical IT inventory is consistent with the asset and CMS and initiates any necessary corrective action Manage complaints improve Customer Satisfaction Receives and records all calls from users, dealing with requests, incidents, complaints or commendations Retains ownership of any Service Asset and Configuration Request, problems and incidents assigned to the team from the Service Desk. To ensure all project requests are met through appropriate reutilisation and/or procurement of new assets where appropriate. To liaise with internal procurement teams and 3rd party suppliers as necessary over the purchase of new assets, consultation and software. Essential skills/attributes: Broad understanding of information systems Highly customer focussed with strong communication skills Analytical with very good problemsolving skills Altiris experience Good understanding of network technology and princples Experience in supporting nTier Environments Good working knowledge of ITIL processes Please send your CV for immediate consideration.