Title: Desktop Support Engineer (Interim Position)
Webindex: 68356882
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Desktop Support Engineer (Interim Position) 3 Month Initial Contract **** per day (LTD) Essex County Council is undergoing the largest transformation programme of its kind in theUKand technology is recognised as being strategically critical to this innovative and radical transformation. During this period of transformation, it is essential that the quality of IS service delivery is maintained at a high level. You will be joining the team and working as part of a large, multiskilled team progressing work packages or projects to resolve customer requests or perform tasks relating to the maintenance and improvement of the IT infrastructure, and in line with your skills you will also take on some responsibility for planning activities. This is a fast paced environment where an excellent level of customer service is expected at all times. Ideally you will possess at least two years working within an IT help desk environment, and work at Second Line Support Level and possess MCSA/MCSE 2000 (and upwards), ITIL Foundation or equivalent by experience. It would also be desirable that you have previous experience of using a help desk or call management system. The ideal candidate will possess: Desk side experience, i.e. replacing/upgrading/building PCs & Laptops. Set up for Blackberries & AD Accounts plus software install. Software Deployment/Testing/Packaging  working with users on fault analysis. Solid Customer facing experience. Local Government experience Essex County Council is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children and vulnerable adults, and expects all employees and volunteers to share this commitment. Our aim is to be an equal opportunities employer. We welcome applications, regardless of race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origins, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, age or religion or belief. All applications will be considered solely on merit. Please note this role may be filled prior to the closing date Working for Essex welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Working for Essex is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us