Title: Junior Technical Consultant
Webindex: 68347651
Company: SkillVault Ltd
Description: General Description: The position offers an introduction into the role of Technical Consultant. Initially this will be primarily an office based role supporting implementation projects with specific pieces of configuration and bespoke work. Ultimately there could be progression to a Technical Consultant role where you would be the key contact for the rollout of products at a new client site. This involves confirming the initial brief, planning the work, estimating and carrying out bespoke work where appropriate and generally providing reassurance and guidance to the clients. In the initial position, the candidate will gain experience in the following areas: Handson use of our core technologies, ASP.NET, XML/XSL, Javascript, SQL. Some direct client contact The opportunity to innovate and introduce solutions to address specific business requirements. Key Tasks: Making minor configuration changes to client systems Managing and carrying out of upgrades to client systems Data collection, data import and reporting. Assisting others in the Bespoke function with larger projects Liaising with client to report on progress, and clarify the brief for a package of work Occasional UK travel will be involved Candidate Profile: The candidate must be able to organise themselves effectively and to juggle competing priorities. An inclination to work with and communicate with clients is important, so it is essential to demonstrate strong written and oral communication skills. The candidate should not be uncomfortable with the idea of standing up in front of a group of people and making a presentation. An existing ability to write code is essential. Ideally this would be in one of our core technologies: ASP.NET, XML/XSL, Javascript, SQL, but evidence of strong skills in another area would be acceptable. The successful candidate will have good communication skills, be enthusiastic and have strong initiative. A handson approach to dealing with technical issues is a necessity as is the ability to work effectively as part of a team.