Title: Commercial Head of Data Products & Services
Webindex: 72032420
Company: STRATTON GROUP
Description: Livex (The London International Vintners Exchange) was founded in **** It operates an online business to business electronic wine trading and information platform. With more than **** merchants in 33 countries, Livex now counts the key participants of the industry amongst its customers and sales have grown rapidly to exceed ****m. In 2011 Livex was included in the Sunday Times Fast Track **** list of the UK s fastest growing companies for the third time in five years. Livex has also become the global standard for fine wine market price data. Its database holds 13 million lines of data with **** new lines added each month. Its data products include: A web based trading and information platform An online cellar management and valuation tool with more than **** registered users Various web services/ data feeds used internally and externally to monitor activity on the Livex exchange, follow Livex benchmark indices, collect price data for wine valuations and benchmarking, and receive updates from LWIN (Livex s universal wine identifier) amongst others. THE ROLE The Commercial Head of Data Products is a key member of the executive team and reports to the Managing Director. Data sits at the heart of Livex s business. The new Commercial Head of Data Products will have overall charge of the data function at Livex. We are looking for an outstanding individual, who can demonstrate strong commercial, business development and operational ability within a data environment. The role will be responsible for both refining and developing existing products and identifying and launching new ones to meet the changing needs and requirements of internal and external customers. A proven aptitude for market research and the use of analytics to gain an understanding of customer requirements will be important. The role will have overall charge of the day to day operation of the data function, including collection and distribution and ensuring that a high level of accuracy, usability and efficiency is achieved. The Head of Data Products will also be responsible for managing a team of data professionals and ensuring that agreed targets and goals are met. The individual will also be the leading evangelist for Livex s data, both internally and externally, and as such be comfortable in a sales situation and have strong communication skills. As a key member of the executive team, the Head of Data Products will also be expected to develop and implement a business plan for the data function and to provide input into the overall strategy and direction of the company. Key Responsibilities Contribute to the overall strategic direction of data products and services whilst planning and managing their continuous development. Develop the breadth and depth of existing products and services. Help create genuine value for customers; ensure keen customer focus and usability. Development of business plans, budgets and forecasts to achieve agreed annual revenue and profit targets. Develop and manage the product pricing strategy to maximise revenue generation for the business. Maintain the highest quality standards for data collection, analysis, new product development and service delivery. Advise and support the technical and product development staff in the setting and maintenance of technical quality standards. Broaden and deepen existing customer relationships to build longterm profitable partnerships. Develop areas for licensing products and services. The role will appeal to a dynamic business leader with at least two years experience at a senior level within a datadriven business. A strong grasp of and passion for the business of data and a broad understanding of commercial issues are key. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset and would relish the opportunity to further grow a marketleading data business that continues to transform the way the industry works, this is the right opportunity for you. Livex is based in Battersea, south west London. The culture of the company is informal, hard working, energetic and action oriented. CANDIDATE PROFILE Essential: At least two years experience at a senior level in a commercial orientated position in a data driven business. Evidence of your ability to realize strategy through driving new product conception and development. A deep understanding of and a strong track record of designing and delivering commercial digital data products for both internal and external audiences. Knowledge of datasets and analytics, software development and quality assurance processes. Strong project management, analytical and negotiating skills, combined with a real eye for detail. Business development experience the ability to deliver appropriate solutions to customer needs. Strong leadership and management capability the ability to motivate, develop and retain a high performing team. Strong commercial acumen experience in preparing business plans, forecasts and executing strategy. Highly numerate with good problem solving skills. High impact, a fluent presenter with an engaging and compelling style. A fascination with data and how it can be used to inform decision making. Self motivated with a high energy level. Committed, hardworking, passionate and a creative thinker. Desirable: High level of technical competency with Excel, SQL, relational databases Experience with web analytics tools, such as Google Analytics or Web Trends Knowledge of the RESTful API protocol REMUNERATION Salary band will be ****k per annum. Bonuses are based on overall company performance. BUPA/ life/ income protection cover. LOCATION: The company offices are based in Battersea. Occasional travel within the UK and overseas to meet with clients may be required.