Title: Graphics Technician
Webindex: 69190934
Description: We are looking for a Graphics Technician to provide an essential service to members of the Medical Research Council's Prion Unit and Department of Neurodegenerative Disease, based at the Institute of Neurology located in central London. nbsp; Responsible for the preparation of scientific research figures for publication in scientific journals that meet the rigorous requirements of leading peer reviewed publications such as The Lancet, Nature and Science. nbsp; This involves working with complex specialist scientific software files including adobe Illustrator. You will also manage a number of other important areas including; Unit data files, scientific illustration and slide set library and management of corporate branding issues. In addition this post provides an invaluable service in the production of complex slides for presentation by scientists at conferences and seminars. Those selected for interview should be prepared to display their portfolio to the interview panel. The successful Graphics Technician will have considerable proven experience in the use of Adobe illustrator and will also be expected to generate a range of graphical and audio visual material including PowerPoint presentations, scientific posters, laboratory organisational charts, stationery, floor plans and maps. The post will involve some photography/video work and will maintain a searchable archive of all graphics work generated within the Unit/Department. You will be expected to be highly skilled in the use of Adobe Illustrator and to have a sound working knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and Microsoft Office. The successful candidate will be expected to work under time pressure in meeting deadlines without compromising quality. In return our client offers a highly attractive benefits package including 30 days annual leave plus bank holidays and privilege days, competitive salary and final salary pension scheme. nbsp;Final appointment will be subject to preemployment screening. TalentTree supports employers with direct recruitment. By applying for this role you are acknowledging and consenting to TalentTree submitting your CV and associated details to the employer concerned