Title: MARKETING EXECUTIVE  TRADITIONAL MARKETING
Webindex: 69035011
Company: Clearwater People Solutions
Description: Marketing Executive  Wirral  Merseyside  ****K  Benefits We are currently seeking a Marketing Executive for an exciting opportunity with our client based in the North West. This is a traditional marketing role working closely with the Marketing Manager, Sales Teams and Senior Management to develop marketing strategies to drive the company and products forward and increase market share in a busy market place. Key Responsibilities will include: o Create and implement marketing campaigns to increase sales opportunities o Create marketing collateral to support sales activity o Develop and update the website as a sales resource to promote our brand and services o Help improve website usability and functionality for a better user experience and increase sales opportunities o Generate new ideas, help implement marketing campaigns and analyse results o Find creative ways of increasing our exposure within relevant local press o Event planning for staff and charity events o Obtain and analyse customer feedback o Ad hoc duties which are deemed appropriate to the role Successful candidates will have the following skills: o Experience in a traditional or general marketing environment using traditional marketing tools o A flair for design and creative brand development o Excellent copywriting skills o A degree and experience in Marketing is desirable but not essential o A understanding of Microsoft Office and PowerPoint in particular o A minimum of **** GCSE`s, or equivalent, Grade C or above , including Maths and English o Outstanding written and verbal communication skills are essential o Creative, team player who can also work independently o Ability to work under pressure, multitask and cope with changing priorities This is a fantastic opportunity with a package of ****K salary, excellent benefits including a generous pension scheme and private healthcare. Apply now for more information. ?MARKETING EXECUTIVE? ?MARKETING ASSISTANT? COPYWRITING ?DIRECT MAIL? ?MARKETING CAMPAIGNS? ?PROPOSALS? ?PRESENTATION? ?CREATIVE? ?MARKETING STRATEGIES? ?GENERAL MARKETING? ?B2B? This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/MARKETINGEXECUTIVETRADITIONALMARKETING_job****