Title: Senior Sales Executive (Digital Forensics)
Webindex: 70770217
Company: Specialist Solutions UK
Description: One of the UK s leading and fastest growing professional firms that specialise in Electronic Disclosure/eDiscovery services has a live requirement for a Senior Sales Executive in Central London to sell services to law firms, government agencies, banks and large corporations. In this high profile role you will initiate and manage direct sales/ marketing efforts with targeted large law firms and corporations to increase revenue and build brand loyalty around our EDiscovery products and services across Europe. This individual will also be responsible for generating new legal and technical contacts in law firms and corporations to foster relationships and assist in project strategy and consultation on electronic evidence industry updates. Key duties Close new project opportunities in order to achieve maximum revenue goals and personal objectives Sales and marketing activities are broadbased and include new business prospecting, management of existing accounts, networking, and occasional public speaking. Handle all customer contact professionally and promptly, providing the highest level of customer service, resulting in a high volume of activity. Management of customer expectations, ensuring that the highest level of education and consultancy is available. Liaison with all internal departments to ensure that opportunities are maximised with customers. Manage workload and duties efficiently through effective use of time to ensure individual and company goals are met. Adhoc duties as may be required Requirements to apply Fluency in English in addition to a second European language is required. A proven track record of success in business development across Europe is essential. Demonstrated ability to create new business development opportunities via phone and facetoface meetings. Strong account management experience. Ability to sell at all levels. Experience in a consulting environment or capacity is advantageous. Direct knowledge and/or experience in litigation, regulatory investigations/disputes, insolvency, competition and antitrust law would be an advantage as would an understanding of Electronic Discovery software tools The company has a very generous benefits package including ******** basic salary, Commission and bonus, BUPA health and travel insurance cover, life assurance, season ticket loan, 5% employer contribution pension, 25 days holiday plus bank holidays and further flexible benefits. For more information and a meeting with the client in January please apply online in the first instance. ALL APPLICATIONS WILL BE RESPONDED TO, AND ALL APPLICATIONS WILL BE TREATED IN THE STRICTEST OF CONFIDENCE