Title: Head of DevOps
Webindex: 70249251
Company: Bearing Partnership Ltd
Description: We are looking for a Head of DevOps to join a London based Software and Information Services provider, and take responsibility for leading their newly created DevOps function. You will manage all operational aspects of the product development function, including the leadership of a team of fifteen people through three technical managers, and working as part of the senior management group responsible the company's core software products. This is a high profile role that is integral to the success of the company as a whole, and will see you supporting the production of large scale applications on an international scale. You will be responsible for a global production and a UK development environment, and will be expected to inspire and lead the team that supports this through successful resource allocation, motivation and technical credibility. You core remit will be to develop a mature and robust DevOps environment, and to continually improve the reliability, stability and scalability of the systems. You will need to maintain the core availability SLA at 99.9% to meet commercial targets, while also taking productivity, cost and security into consideration. The company is undergoing a fundamental transformation in the way they operate, moving from a client hosted to a SaaS model as they look to become an online first business. This means that the structure of the technical teams is in transition, and you will be integral in overseeing the changes to the DevOps environment. You will also be responsible for setting and delivering the strategy for the team. This will mean managing a large budget, putting in place processes and ways of working, and providing a high level escalation point for any incident management situations that occur. You will need to work closely with other senior managers, and be able to negotiate and influence accordingly. To be considered for this role, you must have a proven track record of commercial experience leading DevOps teams, ideally in a software house environment. You will need a strong technical background, including significant experience working in a SaaS environment, and familiarity with Microsoft development products, and web based infrastructure. In addition, you will also need strong IT service management experience (ideally ITIL), and experience managing IT budgets. You will also need exemplary skills in the less technical areas of IT management and communication, including the ability to lead and influence staff at all levels in a Matrix environment, and the ability to inspire and motivate others. You must be able to clearly demonstrate where you have been successful in previous roles, and also where you have adapted to different situations. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a market leading brand, and play a key role in the continual development and support of their successful software products. If this sounds like a role you may be interested in then please call Will Fraser at Bearing Partnership. Keywords DevOps Head of DevOps Head of Operations SaaS Software as a Service ITIL Service Management Service Level SLA Development Operations Microsoft Support DevOps