Title: QA Analyst  Test Automation
Webindex: 69992062
Company: Sophos Plc
Description: Company Overview Sophos is focused on delivering the best IT security and data protection for businesses. Today Sophos products protect over **** businesses and 100 million users, in more than 150 countries. Sophos understands what it takes to keep businesses secure and this is why Sophos is recognized globally by its Customers and Analysts alike, as leaders in what it does. Join Sophos to help us build upon our year on year double digit growth over the last 5 years. The key to the Sophos success story is its people…. Sophos is built on a foundation of world class talent, who have developed long standing careers with the company. Sophos believes its employees are the company’s best asset…and is therefore continuously seeking to acquire high calibre talent which will contribute towards the continual growth, innovation and success of the Sophos global brand. Role Our Engineering team develop the next generation of Sophos products and technologies for which we’ve become known around the world. They are passionate and clued up on new technologies and products; always looking for ways to revolutionise how security technology interacts with the user; and have a penchant for solving complex and challenging technical problems in a creative manner. This role provides the opportunity to work in an exciting, open and collaborative environment as part of our Core Products team. This Agile development team is focused on delivering best protection and new features to a number of products including our crossplatform antivirus engine; a key component of Sophos’ award winning malware protection. Main Duties As a QA Analyst with test automation skills you will: Work closely with the team and contribute to the test approach at all stages of the project lifecycle Analyse product and business risks to ensure the test coverage is appropriate Write automated tests to deliver against project timescales, quality and requirements Define test scenarios and test cases to ensure quality of the teams deliverables Actively contribute to release planning and drive for highvalue and highquality solutions that meet business needs Identify weaknesses in products and development processes. Make positive suggestions and drive for continuous improvement Experience and Skills To succeed in this role you’ll be passionate about QA, and keen to use your programming and design skills to deliver solid and reliable test automation. You’ll feel at home within an agile team with open communications, commitment to quality and focus on getting things done. Essential: Working as a QA analyst in an agile development team, collaborating with developers on a daily basis to define and review test coverage and strategies Creating automated tests using a scripting or programming language such as Python or Perl Self organizing and driving to deliver quality in line with project objectives Effective communication within a team Analytical with an eye for detail, a natural problem solver with a continuous improvement ethos Desirable: Understanding of software security and how to test for vulnerabilities Penetration Testing and Fuzz Testing Testing software that runs on multiple platforms such as Windows, Mac, Linux Development experience in Python, Perl and C Ability to modify communications for different types of audience Coaching and training Mentoring This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QAAnalystTestAutomation_job****