Title: IT Helpdesk Technician Sale, Greater Manchester
Webindex: 72546683
Company: Greywood Associates Ltd
Description: IT Helpdesk Technician  Sale, Greater Manchester My market leading client are looking to recruit an IT Helpdesk Technician to work on a rotational basis globally, twentyfour/seven and be responsible for answering and logging inbox client calls and providing a high level of service in resolving any queries or issues. You will be dealing with technical queries & should be able to code changes to action bug fixes. They are looking for someone with strong customer service experience & any SQL skills would be an extreme advantage. Duties will include, First in line to take incoming customer support telephone calls when available Get a good knowledge of our IT systems to assist others , but no responsibility to do technical work Monitor ticketing system for overdue items, talk with programmers and negotiate best outcome for customer and write updates on tickets. Filter incoming tickets for nontechnical requests Create user training materials Conduct trainingSuitable candidates should have/be:  The ability to communicate effectively with people at all levels. The ability to ask clear and precise questions of the customer to ascertain the exact details of the problem. A strong knowledge of Microsoft based operating systems with emphasis on Windows XP, Windows 7 Experience with using and troubleshooting Microsoft Office. Basic understanding of PC hardware setup and configuration. The ability to work as part of a team and on their own initiative. Positive & Flexible attitude.This is a perfect opportunity to increase your skillsets & will give you the step up in IT that you need, working with a small team where you will be able to pick up new technologies through handson training. Any previous experience working within a service desk environment will be looked upon very favourably. The salary can be anything up to ****k depending on experience, but this is definitely an opportunity not to be missed, so please send me your CV now