Title: iOS / Mobile Developer  Nottingham  ****k  benefits
Webindex: 68704302
Company: Locum Staffing Ltd
Description: iOS / Mobile Developer  Nottingham  2535k  benefits Are you a person who has a flare and lives, breaths, iOS? Can you Design and Build apps from scratch? Are you a person of the future of iOS? Do you have a proven track record in iOS development? And live around Nottingham? Then you need to contact me Recognized and successful company are looking for an iOS / Mobile Developer due to growth. Established for 15 years, they offer a stable and flourishing environment. You will be dealing with BusinesstoBusiness iOS applications on a daytoday basis. Working with household names, PLC and smaller companies you will be working on iOS Applications from scratch. Working with a small but growing company you will be working with other experienced developers, but will have the opportunity to drive the iOS Development process. To be successful for the iOS Developer role, you must have the following skills:  Proven iOS development experience  Previous experience with ObjectiveC and Cocoa Touch  Excellent understanding and knowledge of iOS and applications / App architecture / Mobile development  Good understanding of system services, sensors, activities, services and fragments lifecycle, layout design and optimisation, async tasks and loaders.  Good understanding of multithreading, memory management specific to mobile devices, understanding of caching mechanisms.  Strong understanding of Object Oriented programming  Strong understanding of data structures.  Solid understanding of the endtoend software development tools for mobile application development.  Working knowledge of HTML5 and CSS.  Experience in Web communications (SOAP, REST, XML and JSON would be of interest)  Experience of application distribution within a corporate/commercial environment. You must have previous project experience and be able to illustrate the ability to lead a project from specification to completion of all phases including the App Store / Mobile App submission process. You must be self motivated whilst being able to shine within a team that is dedicated to providing the best quality App for the market sector, within crucial deadlines. Experience of the direct to retail, wholesale distribution sector would be an advantage whilst not essential. My client is offering 2535k (dependent on experience)  Benefits. Benefits include pension  Training  regular salary/performance reviews  Excellent environment  Great Techies to work with  Career path. Don't miss this excellent opportunity  contact Jid Islam at jiderecruiter.co.uk or click the 'Apply Now' button. eRecruiter assist a wide range of companies, UK wide, to find people like you  if these roles don't seem right please still get in contact as we have many, many iOS / Mobile App / Android / Mobile developer roles available throughout the UK. eRecruiter also offer a Reward Structure, so if you know if anyone who may be interested in Mobile Development roles, please let us know. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/iOSMobileDeveloperNottingham2535kbenefits_job****