Title: Information Security Officer  PCI, CISSP, QSA  ****k
Webindex: 68357190
Company: Austin Fraser
Description: Information Security Officer  Fleet  PCIDSS  CISSP  QSA  ISA  HSM Key Management  Maintaining PCI Compliance  Written Skills  Technical Skills  ISO27001  ****  Benefits. Austin Fraser are workin with their leading Financial Services Client in Fleet to find an experienced Information Security Officer to who will take overall responsibility for all Info Security. Job Summary : Take overall responsibility for all elements of information security in the provision of my clients external services and internal information security requirements. Functional Accountabilities In association with the Director of Technical Strategy & Architecture create and maintain an overall security architecture in which my clients software and service products can be designed against. Ensure that all necessary security policies and procedures are established and maintained in relation to the ongoing service operation. Lead strategic security planning to achieve business goals by prioritising defence initiatives and coordinating the evaluation, deployment, and management of current and future security technologies. Develop and communicate security strategies to the Operational team and all other key stakeholders, including Partners and Clients, as required. Develop, implement, maintain, and oversee enforcement of policies, procedures and associated plans for all system and information security requirements based on industrystandard best practices. Recommend and implement changes in security policies and practices in accordance with changes in legislation. Manage the administration of all computer security systems and their corresponding or associated software, including firewalls, intrusion detection systems, cryptography systems, and antivirus software In conjunction with the office facilities administrator, manage the administration of my clients office and data facility security systems and their corresponding equipment or software and access control, including security guards, fire alarms, locks, intruder detection systems, and antitheft measures. Establish and maintain the security incident process such that all stakeholders understand and perform their duties when an incident occurs Remain informed on trends and issues in the security industry, including current and emerging technologies and prices Design and oversee penetration testing of all systems in order to identify system vulnerabilities Manage connection security for local area networks, the company Website, intranet and email communications Ensure that my clients PCI status is maintained, by monitoring compliance with the relevant requirements and communicating closely with the necessary governing bodies / accreditors Prepare my client annually for the third party PCI audit Responsible for the design and delivery for all relevant security awareness training across all Product and Service operational units. Act as subject matter expert in assisting sales support with request for proposals on security and risk questions as request. Ensure all third party service providers comply with all elements of my clients security standards in relation to the services they provide and carry out security audits on all of our suppliers to ensure compliance. Person Specification : Qualifications Required: Degree or equivalent experience Preferred: Relevant security qualification e.g. CISSP, CISM , QSAP Experience :  PCI (PCI DSS and PA DSS)  QSA (auditing, documentation and processes)  Good technical experience Professional/Technical Competencies :  Great documentation skills  Good technical understanding Behavioural Competencies :  Takes ownership  Has credibility within the business  Has the ability to influence Please send me your up to date CV in Word Format and contact details for immediate consideration