Title: Local Support Analyst
Webindex: 67304019
Company: Accenture
Description: Local Support Analyst London Salary c.**** depending on experience plus exceptional benefits What’s in it for you? Choose Accenture for a career, where the variety of opportunities and challenges allows you to make a difference every day. A place where you can develop your expertise working with the best people worldwide in a dynamic, teamfocused environment. The only place where you can use your skills to provide highquality, longterm services for our Global Fortune **** clients, helping them achieve high performance. If this is your idea of a typical working day, then Accenture is the place to be. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialised skills faster to help tailor your career plan. On top of this, we have an extensive benefits package which includes 25 days vacation per year, a gym subsidy, private medical insurance and **** extra days leave per year for charitable work of your choice. Job Summary Based in a London Accenture office and part of a wider team, the Local CIO Support Analyst will primarily provide second and third line technical support for customers within the Accenture unit, situated in and around the London campus. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, receiving and resolving IT incidents (where remote support cannot resolve the incident) from our centralised IT Service desk whilst working within a set Service Level Agreement (SLA).Support will largely be focused on a standard CIO suite of IT products and services including Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office and specialist Accenture software. Skills we are looking for: Work Experience: Bluechip Company Experience Customer IT Support experience (preferably in a high profile, mission critical environment) IT Deskside support experience, dealing with the customer base in person . Technical Support Skills Thorough knowledge on Windows XP, Vista, Windows 7, Microsoft Office (including Outlook), Internet Explorer Laptop, desktop and printer hardware fundamentals Preferably MCSE qualified, working towards this or with an interest in completing this certification Basic understanding of networking fundamentals desirable but not essential A flexible working attitude is required. Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity . Closing date for applications 25th January 2013. Accenture reserves the right to close the role prior to this date should a suitable applicant be found. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/LocalSupportAnalyst_job****