Title: Analyst Programmer (C, C++, Java, C)
Webindex: 67903574
Company: Accenture
Description: Analyst Programmer (C, C++, Java, C) Accenture UK  Outsourcing workforce Newcastle Upon Tyne 25K  ****K depending on experience Accenture offer a number of attractive benefits including Flexible Working , generous Maternity/Paternity Pay, Childcare Voucher Scheme, Private Healthcare and Contributory Pension Scheme We are currently seeking an experienced Analyst Programmer (C, C++, Java, C) who is looking for an exciting and challenging career with Accenture  an employer that enables you to make a real difference. The Role The vacancy exists within the UK Delivery Centre (Newcastle) to provide support and enhancements for multiple clients. Key responsibilities include Technical design in a business environment Software development using a range of languages and technologies Fix support to test and operational teams Adherence to quality assurance processes Delivery of work to agreed milestones Qualifications Skills Proficiency in at least one of the following languages is essential: C, C++, Java, C Unix, SQL, Scripting skills are desirable Working knowledge of client/server and batch systems preferable Ability to work in a dynamic and fast paced environment Highly motivated self starter Team player Proven technical design experience Significant commercial experience as an Analyst Programmer/Software Development Role What s in it for you? Choose Accenture for a career, where the variety of opportunities and challenges allows you to make a difference every day. A place where you can develop your expertise working with the best people worldwide in a dynamic, teamfocused environment. The only place where you can use your skills to provide highquality, longterm services for our Global Fortune **** clients, helping them achieve high performance. If this is your idea of a typical working day, then Accenture is the place to be. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialised skills faster to help tailor your career plan. On top of this, we have an extensive benefits package which includes 25 days vacation per year, a gym subsidy, private medical insurance and **** extra days leave per year for charitable work of your choice. Closing date for applications is 25th February 2013. Accenture reserves the right to close the prior to this date should a suitable applicant be found. Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity