Title: DataCentre Manager
Webindex: 55409440
Company: JOBG8
Description: DataCentre Manager  AS**** The Data Centre is maintained to the highest possible standards, the workload is fully documented, scheduled correctly and staff are provide with the relevant skills, training and supporting documentation & standards to maintain the Data Centre Environment. This is covering areas of the Data Centre Environment with regards to capacity and any IMAC requirements with a view to providing a standard approach. The role will involve:  Having a clear understanding of system availability SLAs.  Ensuring all services are not impacted except during agreed times and understand the processes required to change or impact service availability.  Providing all relevant information so that Space, Power and Cooling systems planning can be effectively carried out.  Providing effective reporting to demonstrate Planning Control for the Data Centre.  Ensuring the Data Centre is always tour ready by high profile visitors or senior staff  Identify and ensure all systems within the data centre are audited, ensuring that asset registers are maintained to a high standard on a continuous basis on the CMDB.  Defining Data Centre standards and working practices for environmental purposes and ensure working standards are maintained.  You will have a full understanding of fire suppressant systems, Data Centre power, air conditioning, control panels, and other environmental services at all IFDS locations and be fully conversant with all emergency procedures.  Definition and Management of Installations Standards for Servers, Patching and Cabling.  Management of Hardware Maintenance and Spares coordination. Some of the Key performance areas are:  Ensuring all Data Centre assets are correctly identified and function performed are understood.  Maintaining all information related to Data Centre assets, cross referencing to client/product/function and maintenance of the CMDB.  Developing and maintaining effective working relationships across IFDS and external organisations.  Ensuring operation concerns and areas of interest are properly considered for all projects where there is daily production, monitoring or asset management impact.  Ensuring the effective planning of shared data centre resources, and timely communication of all planned activities affecting customer and overall service availability. The Ideal Candidate  Experience of managing staff who work **** ****  Excellent understanding of Data Centre Environmental Standards & Practices.  Excellent organisational skills  An understanding of backup and DR infrastructure technologies.  Conceptual knowledge of current IT Technologies & DCIM Solutions  Detailed knowledge of Data Centre Space, Power & Cooling Management  Detailed knowledge of Fire suppressants, leak detection, security and BMS systems.  Detailed knowledge and experience in Data Standards and Applying Standards for IMAC (Installs, Moves and Changes) as well as standards for Patching and Cabling.  HP Insight Manager aware of capabilities and how best to deploy usage Good Awareness in **** or more of the following technical skills required:  IBM iSeries AS**** (commands, CL & query).  HP Insight manager  Windows 2000 Active Directory  AWD Back Office Products (Inhouse only)  QsysMonitor, BMS, Ciscoworks  DCIM Methodologies and Solutions. In addition:  Some supervisory experience in an As**** environment would be nice to have.  Candidate will need to be within a one hour drive.