Title: Junior Evaluator
Webindex: 71708414
Company: Cisco Systems
Description: SiVenture is part of NDS, a newlyacquired Cisco company. We are a security test laboratory, specialising in Common Criteria and CESG Commercial Product Assurance evaluations. We perform evaluations of software devices as well as smartcard related work. The Junior Evaluator will support the evaluation team on both CC and CPA evaluations, and will assist with research projects as time allows. It is intended that the Junior Evaluator achieve Qualified Evaluator status within the UK IT Security Evaluation and Certification Scheme. This is an entrylevel role and full training will be provided. You must also be willing to undergo UK Security Clearance, up to SC level. The successful candidate will be confident in their dealings with client staff, who are often of a senior level. Key Responsibilities:  Undertake Common Criteria and CPA evaluations, under the direction of the team.  Assist with testing and analysis work Support development and use of the inhouse developed test facilities  Use of VMs and further development of protocol fuzzing test suites Requirements  Willing to undergo UK Security Clearance, up to SC level  Degree or Masters  preferably in Computer Science or related discipline.  Some security testing/evaluation degree content would be an advantage, although training will be given.  Familiarity with technical security concepts.  Familiarity with common operating systems (Windows, Unix ?)  Good communication skills, both written and oral, as our work is often directly client facing  Ability to use standard Office packages (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) is expected  Candidate must be willing to undergo security clearance under HMG to at least SC level as Qualified Evaluator status requires an SC clearance as a minimum, in addition to the technical requirements of QE.  SiVenture is a small team and the successful candidate will need to fit in well with the existing team, and be able to work with minimum supervision.  The candidate must be willing to undertake occasional short international visits, as many of our clients are overseas and we are often required to undertake work onsite.  The candidate must be willing to undertake training, both formal and self learning, with a view to developing the necessary skills and attitude Visa Required: Applicants must be eligible to work in the specified location