Title: Test Engineer  Windows SQL  Cyber Security
Webindex: 71199327
Company: Momentum Resourcing Ltd
Description: Test Engineer  Windows SQL/Install/Config Based in Lutterworth, Leicestershire Salary  ****  Pension  Healthcare My customer is a global cyber security software company looking for a Test Engineer. They specialise in developing software for secure devices including smartcards, smart phones and tablets. They have pioneered this technology. Their customers are some of the largest defence, government and financial services organisations in the world and they work with large internationally recognised partners to deliver flexible digital identity solutions. They have been established for over 20 years, and are offering a Test Engineer an incredible opportunity to work with leadingedge Identity Management/Smartcard and Biometrics technology. This is an excellent opportunity to join an incredibly successfully company who will further your career and enable you to work in an industry sector that is growing exponentially year on year. They will also reward and recognise your achievements. The Role: Candidates must have 2 years experience working in a software company in a comparable position.  Build and maintain test rigs  Build test scripts for full business processes and components  Understand methods required to investigate software and test rigorously.  Have the right skills and aptitude to carry out repetitive testing accurately and with attention to detail. Experience Required:  Ideally educated to degree standard  Experience of Windows 2003/**** XP, Vista and ****  SQL and IIS would be desirable.  installation, configuration of Windows and networking  Ideally worked in a software company in a similar role  Excellent attention to detail/problem solving ability.  Experience of using Agile methodology would be beneficial.  Highly self motivated with excellent verbal and written skills This role is based in Leicester, however commutable from Nottingham, Derby, Northampton, Rugby, Warwick, Leamington Spa, Coventry, Nuneaton, Bicester, Banbury, Kettering, Corby Please send your CV in Word format for an immediate interview.