Title: Functional Business Architect
Webindex: 70248222
Company: Eames Consulting Group Ltd
Description: The successful Functional Architect will be expected to assess the services required by customers and propose appropriate products and implement architectures to deliver identified requirements. Candidates will have strong knowledge of the insurance industry, in order to define market leading features and functionality software packages that can be designed to support clients. In addition the Functional Architect will produce high quality functional specifications and work with existing software functionality to ensure consistency in client engagement projects. The successful Functional/Solutions Business Architect will have extensive experience in stakeholder management and deliver effective communication with the development and test teams throughout the software development life cycle. Required Skills and Experience:  Significant experience of working within a commercial insurance software vendor and providing functional direction and definition for new products, modules or features sold into the insurance community (eg Guidewire, Duck Creek).  Wide breadth of large scale commercial insurance knowledge  In depth understanding of the business processes that cover Reinsurance (proportional non proportional) Technical Accounting in particular as well as Underwriting and Claims.  Ability to call upon experience to identify. Prioritise and specify features needed in a software package designed to support the commercial insurance industry.  Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to write high quality business functional requirement documentation needing little or no amendment.  Ability to multi task whilst assessing and determining relevant priorities.  Excellent relationship presentational skills.  Good understanding of all areas of the software development life cycle.  Self motivated, and displays high energy levels to solve problems find innovative solutions.  Insurance Industry qualification. eg A.C.I.I.  Experience of using MS SQL Server Management Studio to extract data for analysis On offer is a challenging but rewarding opportunity for an experienced Business Architect with previous experience working in the insurance sector, to grow their career in a supportive and dynamic environment.