Title: ECM Manager / Business Analyst (ECM CMS Documentum)
Webindex: 69037359
Company: ANSON MCCADE
Description: ECM Manager / Business Analyst (ECM CMS Documentum) ECM Manager / Business Analyst (ECM CMS Documentum) required with experience of one or more major ECM tools (ECM / CMS – Documentum / Open text / FileNet etc) to Lead Change management of a major ECM Content Management Implementation Project. The aim of this role will be for the ECM Manager / Business Analyst (ECM CMS Documentum) to shape the change management strategy and process to enable effective transition to new environment. This will include setting schedule, working with stakeholders and users, process design and developing training and transition materials My client is a major systems integrator and strategic consultancy who are looking to expand a very successful team. The ideal candidate will have multiple lifecycle change management experience around ECM / CMS; process design, implementation, training experience. Extensive exposure to Open Text, Documentum (preferred) Filenet or any product experience around ECM / CMS is essential but this is not a technical role. You will be working with the business to enable change. Background can be varied but full life cycle experience is essential as is an understanding of the drivers of change in this type of project. As ECM Manager / Business Analyst (ECM CMS Documentum) your duties will include: Define ECM change management strategy and process, working with Business to define timescales deliverables etc Design and implement business process change procedures, impact analysis etc Develop training plan for users Transition management Beyond an interesting and varied role you will gain excellent training and career progression. Furthermore market leading salary, package including bonus, medical, pension, car, some home working. Travel may be required. Please send CV or call for further information ECM Manager / Business Analyst (ECM CMS Documentum) This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ECMManagerBusinessAnalystECMCMSDocumentum_job****