Title: Infrastructure Support Analyst (SC cleared)
Webindex: 68496732
Company: Steria Recruitment Limited
Description: Infrastructure Support Analyst (SC cleared) Location: Warrington Duration: 3 months Key Responsibilities: Monitor and execute calls entering the Infrastructure Support queue(s) Perform Incident Management on calls Provide 2nd/3rd Line Support on Infrastructure calls to CSD Build laptop and desktop units through Client's dBox solution Undertake hardware replacement (memory upgrades, screen, keyboard, hard drive etc) Provide data transfer service Run clinics' at nominated site with occasional requirement at Reading and Holborn Customer liaison (arranging visits etc) Reclaim returned kit Maintain Asset movement register Movement of kit between onsite and offsite storage locations Represent Infrastructure Support in various project activity Document common process practice, including process flow diagrams, process and procedures around identified Service Improvements Deliver/attend training sessions, workshops and presentations as required. Essential Skills: Customer service skills, and experience of dealing and resolving difficult customer issues. Ability to establish a service excellence culture within the team. Experience of working within Service Level Agreements. Awareness of the requirements of ISO9000, ISO20000, ISO27001 BS**** Preference given to MCDST qualified Microsoft Office skills for reporting (Word and/or Excel) and presentations (Powerpoint). Working knowledge of Windows XP. Microsoft Windows 7 an advantage. Working knowledge of Active Directory, Lotus Notes client configuration Knowledge of Microsoft Project and Microsoft Visio Working knowledge of Service Desk systems such as HP Service Centre, HP Openview and associated tools. Ability (and confidence) to organise and facilitate training sessions, workshops and presentations. Ability and discipline to work unsupervised Desirable Skills MCDST, MCP, MCITP, MCSE, ITIL, LiveLink. On client's instructions, due to the urgency, nature of the assignment, the successful candidate must have current security clearance to SC level. There are no agencies working on this role, so please apply directly. Steria Recruitment Ltd provides recruitment and resourcing solutions to Steria, a leading European IT Service provider.