Title: Database Administrator  Bristol  SQL Oracle  ****k
Webindex: 72678791
Company: Austin Fraser Limited
Description: Database Administrator  Bristol  SQL Oracle  DMS, Citrix, Servers, Configurations, Installations, Upgrades, Backups, Performance  ****k  benefits Austin Fraser are in the process of looking for an experienced Database Administrator for their clients new site in Bristol. Main purpose of job : To take responsibility for the operating system and associated subsystems. To provide the business with systemlevel support of multiuser operating systems, hardware and software tools, including installation, configuration, maintenance and support of these systems. Identify alternatives for optimizing core applications on the systems through solutions that will provide business value and competitive advantage. Main duties and responsibilities :  To work as part of the Infrastructure System Support team to develop, implement, maintain and support the global infrastructure and associated products, including new and legacy systems.  To develop, implement and maintain links between existing and new systems to include Messaging SAN, Oracle/SQL, DMS, Citrix, Desktop, Servers and bespoke environments.  To maintain the firms SQL and Oracle Database Infrastructure, ensuring configurations, installations, upgrades, backups, performance and optimization procedures are followed accurately.  To maintain a log of ongoing requirements and problems through proactive monitoring of systems and trend analysis of collected data.  To respond to and resolve third level support calls escalated by the Service Desk and other Business support areas.  To develop future enhancements and functions to support the growing demands of the business, and recommend, test and manage implementation of system patches and updates.  To document procedures and standards and keep system design and configuration documentation up to date.  To be involved with the Support and development of the firms Business Continuity plans and continued advice on Disaster Recovery improvement to the global Infrastructure.  Assist business analysts/project managers in the analysis of requirements and give guidance on technical feasibility.  To keep abreast of emerging technology and recommend future direction of the business Core products and related technology.  To log and track support calls with vendors and suppliers as appropriate. Key relationships:  Attend regular project meetings with other IT teams and business representatives throughout the life cycle of a project.  Liaise with project managers and management team and keep them informed of project status.  Provide Support to immediate team in the form of knowledge shares/ transfer and team work.  Provide support to other IT functions/areas: (management, service desk, operations, training, Test and Development and change management) by way of knowledge transfer, tips and tricks and system process advice.  Provide support to other business areas including end users by demonstrations, requirement analysis and support.  Provide a link between the client and external third party software vendors. Education / qualifications / experience :  Graduate Calibre and/or MCSE qualification.  At least 3 years experience in a system support role.  Ideally experience of supporting a mixed Infrastructure within a legal or similar environment. Focus experience  Database administration :  Experience with Relational Database MS SQL.  Experience and proficient working knowledge of Sqlserver DBA tasks.  Experience of applications such as Dynamics AX which employ a multitier architecture.  Experience and Knowledge of Web Server, intranet and Internet technology.  Experience in SQL Reporting Services, SSIS and SQL Clusters desirable.  Experience and thorough working knowledge of Sqlserver Problem analysis, Query optimization and Performance Tuning.  Experience of MS Sql server architecture.  Expert in writing and optimizing TSQL code.  Understanding of Linux OS. Knowledge and technical skills :  Able to support and maintain a server infrastructure, comprising Server ****/**** Active Directory, SMS, MOM, Messaging, Clustering, Virtualization and Citrix.  Able to demonstrate a good working knowledge of high level AD administration including Security policy implementations and restrictions.  Ability to test and apply updates or upgrades as appropriate.  Able to demonstrate a working knowledge of backing up and recovering data.  Able to show a good understanding (to enable skill development) of Database administration.  Knowledge of a range of technologies including networking, system architecture, databases, security techniques and Microsoft applications.  Able to use and implement and configure monitoring, alerting and reporting tools for a Server/Application environment.  Ability to support a consolidated datacenter environment. Focus skills  Database administration :  Able to troubleshoot SQL Stored Procedures and Functions.  Able to run SQL server DBA tasks.  Able to identify potential performance bottlenecks and DB issues to resolution.  Able to implement Backup Recovery, Disaster Recovery, and Maintenance Plans.  Able to demonstrate good problem analysis, Query optimization and performance tuning.  Ability to perform creation and maintenance of data models using data modelling tools.  Ability to work through complex application upgrades such as Dynamics AX. Technical problem solving ability :  Ability to approach technical problems from a logical perspective creating a structured and efficient plan to resolve them, providing quick fix solutions.  Ability to analyse problems providing effective and practical solutions.  Ability to recognise underlying connections and assess impact of those connections and changes.