Title: System Security Penetration Tester  Website mock hacking test
Webindex: 69572159
Company: PROTEUS EUROPE
Description: CISSP, CEH or CISM, Programming language experience in one or all of the following Java, Visual Basic, PHP, Perl. Etc We are seeking a System Security Penetration Tester for Weybridge in Surrey. Our client is looking for an individual of high integrity, highly motivated, bright, innovative, dedicated, and a team player. You will be required to undertake research, preparation, and participate in presentations and briefings. Performing assessments, and penetration testing services for Servers in our clients Data Centres. You will make sure Security requirements of all other ICT, Service and Business Management Processes are satisfied, ensure Company Security Policies are adhered to and address access control, disaster recovery, business continuity, incident response and risk management as and when necessary. Technical Requirements Web application security testing and penetration testing (essential) Website mock hacking testing (essential). Prior experience with vulnerability assessment and penetration methods. Intimate knowledge of TCP/IP protocols and networking architectures. Knowledge of databases, applications, and web server design and implementation. Experienced Windows and Unix/Linux operating systems and security. Programming language experience in one or all of the following Java, Visual Basic, PHP, Perl. Etc Experience in security testing all common Internet and associated technologies. Identify and manage legal liabilities relating to security. Person Specification Fluent, both written and spoken, in English. Certified in one or more of the following (preferable): CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional), CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker) or CISM (Certified Information Systems Manager) or have excellent equivalent experience. Any further IT Security related qualifications would also be an advantage, but not essential. Experienced in application level security testing of web applications. The right person must be well presented, professional and dedicated. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. BENEFITS Bonus  15% maximum based on employee performance against agreed objectives 23 days annual leave rising to 25 days Defined contribution pension (Employee contribution 4%, Employer contribution 8.5%) Subsidised Lunch Allowance Gym Allowance (**** per month) Company Sick Pay Permanent Health Insurance (in case of long term sickness)