Title: PHP Web Developer
Webindex: 55410405
Company: Excel Technical Resourcing Solutions Ltd
Description: Description: PHP Developer / Web Developer  Bournemouth PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Our multiaward winning client is looking to recruit an exceptionally talented PHP Developer within a fast moving and rapidly growing agency. The ideal candidate will be a passionate, versatile and professional with a wide skill set to deal with the demands of well known and famous brands. Key responsibilities Working in the digital production team, you will be responsible to the Head of Digital with your focus on technical implementation of web and digital development projects. You will be able to create structured, reusable and annotated code written yourself, as well as being proficient using open source prewritten products and source code libraries. This will be carried out to a deadline and project specification. Work will include a variety of projects including, but not limited to, developing static, content managed, ecommerce, mobile websites, Intranets as well as email templates and social media campaigns. The right candidate should also be able to assist the team by recommendations on technology used within the department (CMS platform, programming languages used, technical implementation suggestions) to meet client briefs. Working with an experienced digital team of Account Managers, Project Managers and Designers, you will be able to communicate with these departments, contribute to ideas, innovation and creative discussions. With a cando attitude you will be a team player that is happy to solve technical problems and get involved with support issues. Meeting the brief and specification of projects is a must. Your performance will be measured against meeting agreed deadlines and taking the agreed number of hours to produce quality work. Other tasks may be reasonably assigned to you. Knowledge, skills and attributes required  Writing PHP to a good standard  Designing MySQL databases and writing complex, high performance queries  Good understanding of Apache and IIS web services  Knowledge of Wordpress, Drupal and other CMS an advantage  Writing crossbrowser CSS for basic to moderately complex design  Knowledge of writing Javascript code from scratch Experience of the following would be an advantage, but not essential:  Experience of the Zend Framework or another PHP MVC framework like CakePHP, Symfony  Experience of building mobile websites and applications  PHP Design Patterns and an understanding of OOP practices  HTML5 / CSS3  Magento or other eCom platforms php developer bournemouth mysql javascript html css