Title: Post Production Apple Mac Engineer  Media
Webindex: 68049656
Description: PostProduction Senior Apple Macintosh Support and System Administration Engineer  Mac OSX Media Services and post productionMac OS, Final Cut Pro, xsan, render farm, video, codecs, print, encoding support, postproduction workflow, Mac OSX Post production engineer required to manage creative media services department of dynamic agency. Xsan **** bash shell scripting, Final cut pro, Avid, Linux, codecs, video, print standards, editing.My client is seeking a top level Apple Macintosh OSX post production technical support professional. They are a leading fullservice agency producing awardwinning domestic and international campaigns. It is a fun and sociable place to work in Central London and their recent expansion means this role holds exceptional career prospects and opportunity to be at the forefront of exciting developmental projects. They have an extensive portfolio of clients and offices in London, Manchester, Australia and the US.Reporting to the Director level as Chief Apple Mac Post Production Technical Engineer you will have complete responsibility for all technology relating to creative media services within the organisation, and will work closely with the IT Manager to ensure the smooth running of these services. You will have an encyclopedic understanding of the inner workings of the Apple Macintosh OS along with a good working knowledge of both Windows and Linux operating systems and with an exceptional knowledge of codecs, video and print standards. In your role, you will take responsibility for PostProduction Engineering, supporting and overseeing the editing, finishing and encoding infrastructure. This will involve specifying and deploying offline, online and stereoscopic edit and motion graphics suites along with a managed render farm. You will be the lead on the workflow of the PostProduction departments including planning and deployment of asset management, transcoding and automation systems. Alongside this, you will be responsible for providing technical support services to all other creative sections, including Print Design, Digital and Motion Graphics departments. You will deliver not only support, but also the planning, implementation and rollout of projects that improve both the infrastructure and the business. To this end, you should pride yourself on your ability to communicate on all levels and your understanding of the needs of the organisation that you work within, beyond just technology. Your responsibilities will cover Mac OS, Final Cut Pro, xsan, render farm, video, codecs, print, encoding support, postproduction workflow, Mac OSX Post production engineer required to manage creative services department of dynamic agency. Xsan **** bash shell scripting, Final cut pro, Avid, Linux, codecs, video, print standards, editing.People skills are key in this role and you must be remarkable at maintaining strong working relationships with project stakeholders. You will have excellent conceptual skills and be a good forward planner, with superb attention to detail and the ability to make strong, rapid and accurate decisions.Key skills include:Mac OSX support, Xsan **** support, Apple Macintosh, bash shell scripting, Final cut pro, Avid media composer, Post production, Linux, codecs, video, print standards, PostProduction Engineering, editing, encoding infrastructure, motion graphics,workflow, asset management,transcoding, Adobe After Effects, Adobe creative suite, Maxon cinema ****D, Autodesk Smoke, Autodesk Maya,Telestream Episode Engine CLI,Archiware PresStore,PipelineFX Qube,AJA Kona,Blackmagic Design Decklink,Infortrend Xyratex Storage Subsystems, QLogic Fibre Channel switches, HP Procurve Cisco Networking, ADIC, Overland Tandberg Tape Libraries, MySQL****K per annum dependent upon skills and experience plus Pension, Broadband and mobile phone and considerable opportunities for progression in the UK and overseas.PostProduction Senior Apple Macintosh Support and System Administration Engineer  Media Services and post productionMac OS, Final Cut Pro, xsan, render farm, video, codecs, print, encoding support, postproduction workflow, Mac OSX Post production engineer required to manage creative services department of dynamic agency. Xsan **** bash shell scripting, Final cut pro, Avid, Linux, codecs, video, print standards, editing.