Title: C Developer, Engineer, Programmer, ASPNET, SQL Server, HTML, CSS
Webindex: 72460200
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd
Description: C Developer, Engineer, Programmer, ASP.NET, SQL Server, HTML, CSS A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an experienced C Developer to join a leading software house based in Oxford. The C Developer will join a busy cutting edge development team where they will be responsible for the successful development and maintenance of a number of business critical web applications and systems using the latest technologies. The C Developer will be responsible for the full development life cycle and will regularly liaise with senior management and clients in order to gather a range of requirements. The successful candidate will have proven experience developing web based applications and systems in C and ASP.NET and have solid experience with both HTML and CSS. Experience with SQL Server is also required for this role and it is essential that the C Developer has solid experience in this area including stored procedures and queries. In addition experience working with large file transfers would be advantageous. The salary for this role is to **** dependant on your level of experience. In addition there is an attractive benefits package as well as an excellent bonus scheme in place. The role is based in Oxford and free parking is available on site. CW  C Developer, Engineer, Programmer, ASP.NET, SQL Server, HTML, CSS Referral Scheme: If this role isn t for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT. If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford s leading IT Recruitment agency. With exclusive access to some of the region s most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business.