Title: PAS/EPR Deployment and Change Lead
Webindex: 68361672
Company: Skye Group
Description: PAS/EPR Deployment and Change Lead Job Summary: As an expert in Change Management, the Deployment and Change Lead will play a pivotal role in enabling the Trust to achieve its strategic aims and goals in relation to the implementation of an Electronic Patient Record at our client's site. The Deployment and Change Lead will be required to pull together a complex programme of work both within the organisation to deliver core objectives. This will include managing Trustwide change initiatives, realising the benefits of the project and will be responsible for establishing performance management monitoring to ensure ongoing sustainability. The post holder will have a high degree of autonomy and will be expected to organise and plan a demanding workload and manage conflicting priorities with minimal supervision to deliver within tight deadlines, utilising improvement tools and techniques. The role requires the Deployment and Change Lead to be responsible for the deployment team of the system across the Trust, in partnership with the project team. Initial focus will be geared towards current patient administration processes utilised within the Trust and then the development of a future state, maximising the benefits obtained from the new solution. The Change Lead will be required to help configure, test and train as well as act as a centre of knowledge and excellence regarding the EPR solution. Experience in EPR and PAS implementation and NHS experience is highly desirable Skills required: Educated to Degree level or equivalent. PRINCE Project management or MSP Change Management or Service Improvement Qualification Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite. Proficient in Microsoft Visio. Good knowledge of Microsoft Project. Ability to deliver change in complex environments through multiprofessional teams. Evidence of continuous learning and problem solving ability. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. The Change Lead will have a minimum of two years leadership/management or change management experience. Experience of working within a complex organisation, leading programmes of change across organisations and experience in leading and managing a multidisciplinary team, including objective. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PASEPRDeploymentandChangeLead_job****