Title: DATABASE SUPPORT PROGRAMMER & DEVELOPER
Webindex: 72127918
Company: RBW Consulting
Description: Job Summary DATABASE MARKETING SUPPORT PROGRAMMER DEVELOPER  LONDON Requirements: A large company, with over **** employees, based in London, is offering an exciting opportunity to support and develop marketing database applications and software within its overall solutions that they build for their clients. If you are a dynamic individual who wants to work in a fastmoving, client focused environment, where you will build solutions using wellestablished technologies, this superb role could be for you. Working out of the brilliant London office there will also be exciting opportunities for travel and working away from the London base. There is also fantastic scope to investigate and work with emerging tools to support the client’s evolving requirements. As Database Marketing Support Programmer your specific tasks will include: Ensuring that client facing systems are available during normal business hours Ensuring that data updates are received and correctly applied to the relevant databases according to service levels Managing and coordinating data supply issues with the client/data supplier Investigating and responding to/or resolving client issues Assessing, designing, coding, testing and release control of software enhancement requests Also, first class training will be provided through a combination of on the job training from experienced team members and external training courses. The perfect candidate for this role will be educated to an A Level standard, with a good degree in a relevant field. You will need to be a driven and enthusiastic individual who can think logically and has excellent communication skills. It will also be necessary for you to have some knowledge and experience in the following areas: Competent in MS tools i.e. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access Oracle or SQL Server Databases and SQL ETL Tools (e.g. Informatica, Datastage) Data analysis UNIX shell scripting This exciting company is recognised throughout the marketplace for the quality of the people working there. They are committed to their development and provide fantastic opportunities to learn new skills, take on more responsibility and to work in different areas of the business. Personal Development Reviews are conducted on a regular basis with a view to agreeing objectives, identifying training needs and understanding career aspirations. They reward and promote people based on their performance and contribution to the business with flexibility and recognition that individuals should be rewarded for their particular skills and expertise and as such, have multiple career paths within the business. To gain more information on this enterprising role opportunity contact Ben Turner on **** and send your CV to ben.turnerrbwconsulting.com At RBW Consulting LLP, every one of our Consultants has the benefit of five years experience in helping IT professionals find the jobs they are looking for in the industry. With unrivalled industry knowledge and excellent links with hiring managers throughout the UK, Europe and across the world, we would be delighted to speak with you about the role you are looking for. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DATABASESUPPORTPROGRAMMERDEVELOPER_job****