Title: Data Centre Transformation – Senior Consultant
Webindex: 72451272
Company: Fusion Experience
Description: My client is a large Multinational IT Consultancy and Managed Services provider based in the South East UK. Leveraging strong technical services experience as well as indepth knowledge of Data Centre Transformation Service offerings, the Senior Consultant (SC) is a key member of the delivery team. The SC also supports the sales and partners in presales activities and initiatives to achieve booking and revenue targets. The SC is responsible for high quality delivery of project work to our clients within the Data Centre Transformation Line of Business (L.O.B.) team. Technical Skills required:  Familiarity with and able to apply IT management disciplines such as those defined in the ITIL methodology and framework.  Minimum of ITIL V**** Foundation accreditation  Strong Track record in Business and financial analysis development of Business Cases and financial justification for change. Understanding tangible Vs Intangible benefits, Cost analysis  Process analysis, development and reengineering within complex business and IT environments. Understanding of current technologies, Platforms (Servers), Storage and communications including the related elements such as data protection, failover in the context of business continuance and disaster recovery.  Strong business writing skills up to executive level and to present findings in a clear unambiguous manner  Strong presentation and workshop facilitation skills – ability to manage teams, to resolve disputes and reach consensus essential  Strong interviewing and data discovery and collection skills.  Strong analysis skills  Understanding of current legislation relating to compliance such as Sarbanes Oxley, Turner report recommendations and PCI compliance  Business acumen – ability to identify opportunities for additional business Please apply online with your most recent CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DataCentreTransformationSeniorConsultant_job****