Title: IT Front Office Service Delivery Manager
Webindex: 68357272
Company: MBDA UK
Description: MBDA are currently recruiting for an IT Front Office Service Delivery Manager. The purpose of the IT Front Office Service Delivery Manager is to deliver defined Front Office (FO) services to Stevenage in accordance with Service Level Agreements, and support the provision of an effective working environment for MBDA employees. MBDA (Defence) based in Stevenage is a world leading, global missile systems company, delivering cuttingedge technologies to our multinational customer base. It operates in all of the major world markets and is the only company able to design and produce missiles and missile systems for army, navy and air forces. Please note that in order to apply for MBDA UK opportunities you will need to be eligible for SC (Secret Level) UK Security Clearance. Accountabilities for an IT Front Office Service Delivery Manager include: To ensure the effective delivery at Stevenage and satellite sites of IT desktop services by effective contract management of the supplier. This service includes progress chasing requests, responding to management information, and escalating issues to Line Management where required. To provide a local interface at Stevenage (and satellite sites) for receipt of feedback on all IT issues arising, review with Line Management and respond to users such that customer confidence is maintained. Receive responsibility for specific Front Office services (e.g. mobiles support) and ensure via effective contract management the delivery of this service across all MBDA UK. Ensure the effective day to day implementation of the Stock Management service into Stevenage such that business interruption is avoided through effective maintenance of stock levels with emphasis on timely raising of orders. Implement for Stevenage agreed strategies and programmes emanating from the Front Office Line Management in order to ensure the successful integration of Stevenage into such programmes. To participate in the governance and management process for the review of supplier performance generally, and its relation to Stevenage in order to ensure that issues arising are addressed. Through effective communications with the user population at Stevenage identify to Line Management recommended improvements for the Front Office services and participate in the assessment of such proposals as part of a continuous improvement activity. Provide liaison and support to specialist technical areas, and business critical users, such that FO services to these areas are relevant and supportive to specific needs (e.g. videoconferencing support/ desktop requirements) taking advice and guidance from Desktop Integration services to ensure a harmonised IM approach. Provide the interface to Facilities Management and Security on accommodation and FM services as they support the Service Desk and Storage areas such that continuity of services are maintained. Benefits at MBDA include flexible working, a comprehensive pension scheme, discounted private healthcare scheme, paid overtime (subject to level of role), sporting activities, fantastic site facilities, bonus schemes, superb learning and development opportunities, plus many others If you would like to apply for the IT Front Office Service Delivery Manager role, please click apply now where you will be taken through to our application page