Title: SAP FICO CO PA End User Manufacturing South London
Webindex: 71565006
Company: Lawrence Harvey
Description: SAP Finance and Controlling (FI/CO) stream with particular experience in CO PA: End User : London: URGENT My client an international manufacturing client based in South London is embarking upon a large transformation project to simplify their operating model. They are looking to do this through a large ERP transformation and major initiatives which will cover the Commercial and Manufacturing operations and run over the next few years. These significant programmes will be a key enabler for transforming the organisation, driving efficiencies and will be essential in my clients overall strategic ambition. To make this happen my client are recruiting high calibre SAP experts to partner with Senior Process Owners from the business to drive the transformation. This role is accountable within the SAP Finance and Controlling (FI/CO) stream , specifically focusing on CO PA. The successful candidate will have: ? Strong and significant SAP configuration experience preferably with SAP certification in respective area of expertise ? **** endtoend market/site implementation project lifecycles ? Demonstrated breadth of knowledge and solution delivery experience across the endtoend process that they own, acquired through multiple leadership roles in global SAP implementations ? Expert knowledge and experience of SAP solutions in a manufacturing environment ? Knowledge of external and internal best practices relevant to aligned process area ? Knowledge of Lean Six Sigma, experience of application ? Business and Commercial Credibility: It is critical that the holders of these Senior SAP Functional Consultant Roles possess the credibility to be seen as a decision maker and governance authority in their aligned process area. You must be seen as an IT leader ? Strong Strategic Direction Setting Capability: You must possess a strong visioning / direction setting capability. You understand how and when to consult in arriving upon this direction and how and when to decide. ? Highly Structured Analytical Approach: You must be capable of operating in a highly structured and standardized framework for specifying process and data models etc. ? Consulting skills ? You must have strong interpersonal skills capable at building relationships across different stakeholder and functional groups in the organization, capturing and aligning inputs from these groups then driving them to an agreed direction. ? Teamwork ? you must be capable of working effectively in large, complex cross functional teams ? Communication ? you will be capable of creating simple, compelling messages that summarise your desired direction and clarify the benefits If you are a strong SAP FICO Consultant with particular experience in CO PA and are interested in working on one of the most exciting project in the market right now please contact me urgently on **** **** **** or email me f.heslinglawrenceharvey.com Lawrence Harvey is acting as an employment agency in regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SAPFICOCOPAEndUserManufacturingSouthLondon_job****