Title: Management Information System Manager And Database Administrator
Webindex: 69029983
Description: Our client is the UKs biggest water and sewerage company with around 14 million customers. You would be joining a company with an amazing history and exciting future. There are a diverse set of roles within the organisation, ranging from engineering, scientific opportunities through to contact centre and regulation, finance and IT. On offer is a welcoming work environment and extensive benefits, as well as opportunities for career progression within the business. Role details A brand new management information position has arisen within the biggest water and sewerage company in the UK, which will allow an individual with strong SQL experience to manage a small team that works to meet company and regulatory targets. This prominent role will have a highly visible and long lasting impact across the organisation for years to come. Managing a team of Reporting Analysts to ensure agreed regular reports are produced and analysis is delivered to agreed timescales, you will be providing the business with reliable, timely and accurate reports to support the delivery of all regulatory, financial and customer experience goals. The role holder would be directly responsible for managing a team of five Reporting Analysts split across our Reading and Swindon Sites, taking on line management and coaching responsibilities. Key responsibilities:  Manage production of regular daily, weekly, monthly reports to meet the needs of customer service and our regulator (e.g. based on call data, job data and customer survey data).  Manage team workload to ensure fair distribution of work and ensure deadlines are met. and influence the development of reporting frameworks.  Drive and influence performance of customer services to deliver and outperform company targets and the development of reporting frameworks.  Identify process and technical issues and define options for resolution, raising findings and recommendations with the appropriate stakeholders. Your profile To be considered for this role you must have proven SQL development experience, including MS SQL Server 2000/****/**** You will also have advanced TSQL, scripting, including stored procedures and performance tuning experience. Proven SQL development experience is essential. You must have knowledge of Business Objects XI, Wed/Crystal Reports/SAP Business Objects BI **** universe design and data modelling. Experience using SSRS and designing and deploying SSRS reports using BIDS and Report Builder is essential, as well as experience building and deploying OLAP Cubes using BIDS and SSMS. The ideal candidate will have excellent written and spoken English, and the ability to communicate with customers and colleagues in a confident and professional manner. Knowledge of data warehousing concepts and tools would be beneficial. Exposure to high performing and large volume data systems would be beneficial, together with java script and net skills etc. You must have a valid UK driving licence as this role requires travel between Reading and Swindon. The closing date for this role is Friday 18th January, so please ensure your application is submitted on or before this date. To find out more about this role and other opportunities within the Water/Utility/Engineering industry then contact our Direct Sourcing team (MonFri, 8am6pm) on (Apply online only). Reed Consulting are part of Reed Specialist Recruitment who help public and private sector organisations of all sizes to transform performance by designing and implementing the most effective strategies to acquire and develop talent