Title: IT Security Support  Linux , Gloucester
Webindex: 68346900
Company: Evolution Recruitment Solutions
Description: IT Security Support  Infrastructure Linux, Gloucester; My client is the market leader in the security market with a global presence. They are looking for IT Security Infrastructure Administrator within their SAAS Cloud team to address escalated client issues at 3rd line level. Key Job Tasks;  Troubleshooting issues at a client site over the phone or liaising with the clientsEUR system administrator or IT  Diagnosis of complex issues remotely with limited physical access to the equipment.  Perform on call duties providing out of hours support to our NOC team  Participate on project delivery as the support technical lead by advising the project managers stakeholders on support requirements ensuring proper delivery of those requirements  Provide technical training sessions of new products areas where you are considered the subject matter expert Key Skills Required;  Excellent knowledge of Linux, from a user system administrator perspective. Exposure to other Unix operating systems is plus.  Expert use of the command line in a Linux/ Unix operating system.  Demonstrated shell scripting is essential within Bash, Perl, Python or Expect  Advanced understanding of Unix based email servers operating Qmail, Ecelerity, Postfix, Send mail or Exim. Microsoft Exchange knowledge is an plus.  Understanding of proxying technologies such as Squid and/or Microsoft ISA Server  Understanding of routing switching protocols associated Cisco/Juniper hardware. Firewall technology load balancing technology understanding plus.  Practical understanding of email web security issues.  Thorough knowledge of HTTP(S), SMTP, LDAP, DNS, NTP other internet protocols is required.  Previous exposure of working within a fast paced client/technical environment; preferably a service support environment. Due to the clients you will be support you will require to be SC/DV Cleared or clearable. This is a HOT ROLE with a world leader, excellent opportunity to build drive a career with one the best companies in the world; APPLY NOW Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. If you would like to apply for this job please send your CV to robert.wallevolutionjobs.co.uk