Title: SQL Developer XML MS SQL SSRS Xpath XQuery
Webindex: 66609371
Company: Tenet Group Limited
Description: SQL Developer Key Skills: SQL, XML, MS SQL, SSRS, Xpath, XQuery About the Job The main duties and responsibilities of the SQL Developer are as follows: Production of management information and operational reporting solutions based on business requirements using industry standard and XML based reporting tools. Working within the solution development methodology the technical architectures of bespoke and 3 rd party business applications To understand MS SQL database and XML data structures relating back to business information to provide fixed reports , interactive report builder capabilities and dynamic legal document creation. Working collaboratively with key stakeholders including BA’s, PM’s, Developers, 3 rd party software providers and business users for new projects, o ngoing live support and updates of existing reporting capabilities. Implementation of reporting solutions into the live environments working with the technology teams and business departments. About the SQL Developer This role requires an individual who can demonstrate the following experience, qualifications and competencies: Experience of developing reporting capabilities across internal and 3 rd party developed business applications in line with business needs in a commercial environment. Crystal Reports, SQL Server, SQL Development and Reporting Services (SSRS), plus an understanding of XML, XPath and XQuery. Experienced in operating within Agile and Waterfall methodologies Strong relationship, communication and stakeholder engagement across technical teams and business users in order to provide meaningful and timely management information. The following, although not essential, would be advantageous: Commercial experience of working in a reporting related role in Financial Services ideally within the IFA sector Experience of suitability reporting within the IFA sector or software packages This role offers an excellent opportunity to join an Industry leader; become a member of an established and dedicated team and have the autonomy to shape reporting frameworks and outputs aligned to business needs. Key Skills: SQL, XML, MS SQL, SSRS, Xpath, XQuery About the Company The Tenet Group is the largest independently owned IFA Services Support Provider in the UK and has over 20 years industry experience. As an Award winning firm we have a proven track record in helping financial advisers develop highly successful businesses within a strict regulatory framework. We are currently looking to recruit an experienced Report Developerto become an integral member our Leeds based Business Systems Unit.The successful candidate will be tasked with the delivery of reporting solutions across all Tenet systems both internal and 3rd party developed along with suitability reporting for Tenet Advantage and all database support. We also are offering a competitive basic and benefits package including 25 days holiday, Pension, PHI, Life Cover and various flexible benefits including child care vouchers and Simply Health. To apply for this role/similar role or if you are interested in a career at the Tenet Group please contact Joanne McPherson in the HR Department. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SQLDeveloperXMLMSSQLSSRSXpathXQuery_job****