Title: Interim IT Service Manager  ITIL/Compliance/DR/Business Continuity/Wi
Webindex: 68627396
Company: TechNET IT Recruitment Limited
Description: Client My client is a UK leading Energy Provider and actually the biggest in Wales. They are recruiting for an Interim IT Service Manager for 1**** months (possibly extended) to introduce the best practice of service management, including ITIL frameworks as well as resolving IS compliance technology issues and solutions. Job Purpose My client are developing IT systems and processes and are looking for an experienced IT Service Manager to assist during a busy time. Develop IT risk management and governance framework. Working with the current IT manager, provide strategic planning proposals for technology infrastructure and user support. Implement IT service management principles. Responsibilities Develop IT security policy based on a risk assessment of all key business systems. Complete a business impact analysis to implement appropriate disaster recovery and resilience arrangements. Develop and maintain best practice of service management based on ITIL framework. Follow a continuous improvement methodology to ensure that lessons are learnt. Research and support implementation of new business systems. Ensuring security of data from internal and external attack. Managing crisis situations/complex technical problems. Ensure business is up to date with latest technologies. Supervision of contractor and/or other ICT support employees as required. Communicate effectively with all users. Define and document current and future processes. Occasional oncall support outside of normal office hours including weekends. Person Specification Degree or equivalent within an ICT related discipline. Proven experience within a similar role or set of tasks. Prince 2 and ITIL Qualifications will be highly favoured. Extensive experience of IT risk management and governance. Experienced with Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity/Resiliency. Communication skills  technical matters to both technical and nontechnical people. Decision and problem solving ability. Good organisational and planning skills. Influencing and negotiating skills. Ability to prioritise tasks and work to tight deadlines. Ability to work with people at all levels within organisation. Detailed working knowledge of Core Microsoft technologies including: Windows Server **** Exchange 2010, Networking, troubleshooting, switching and routing.