Title: SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST
Webindex: 68359023
Company: Sovereign Business Resources
Description: Systems Management Specialist A Systems Management Specialist is required to join one of UK's most reputable organisations based in North West London. Purpose of Role: To administer the systems management software utilised for the client's ecommerce systems and IT Business Gaming systems. Key Skills:  Respond to functional requirements and develop technical requirements documentation as required.  Implement systems management technical requirements  Configure and maintain the existing Systems Management deployed software.  Resolve problems with System Management Software, and manage issues, prioritising tasks and issues and completing working requests on a daily basis.  Define and improve the technical processes related to the Systems Management deployment.  Administer BMC ControlM scheduler and associated products.  Design, configure and maintain ControlM job schedules.  Administer Tivoli Monitoring deployed solutions and Sitescope.  Work with technical architects to review and contribute to system designs and understand associated monitoring requirements.  Provide product specific knowledge to colleagues with regards to systems management.  Provide training and mentoring to colleagues, helping team members to troubleshoot problems, and imparting knowledge as required.  Work with Service Delivery and technical teams to ensure that the tools meet enduser requirements.  Maintain the systems management infrastructure documentation ensuring that standards are fully documented.  Manage the Systems Management toolset to assist in the investigation of incidents and problems.  Test product upgrades and new features. Essential Systems Management Experience:  Demonstrable conceptual knowledge and experience in at least two roles of BMC ControlM scheduler  Demonstrable conceptual knowledge and experience in at least two roles of Tivoli System Monitoring products (Netcool/Omnibus)  Knowledge and experience of Scripting (Korn Shell, Perl, VB, Java )  Knowledge of AIX, Linux and Windows operating systems  Demonstrable conceptual knowledge and experience of IT Service Management  Knowledge of SNMP  Understanding of web application technologies, particularly HTTP  Understanding of Security concepts  Basic DB****nowledge  Basic TCP/IP networking and DNS knowledge In Return you get: Bonus Pension Health/Life cover If you are a Systems Management professional and are seeking an exciting opportunity to work with one of the country's most innovative organisations, please apply immediately to be considered for this roleSovereign Business Resources Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SYSTEMSMANAGEMENTSPECIALIST_job****