Title: Head of Fraud  Transaction Monitoring
Webindex: 68360497
Company: Strategic ICT Recruitment Solutions
Description: My client, a leading Payment Services organisation that supports Financial Services currently have an exciting opportunity for a new Head of Transactional Monitoring to join their growing team in the North West. The successful Head of Transaction Monitoring will be accountable for developing and managing a new monitoring team and will have a number of key responsibilities, including: Lead a team of Risk professionals who will be fully responsible for managing relationships, monitor, measure and ensure effectiveness of products and services. Maximise the performance of the Transaction Monitoring system, monitor effectiveness of rules and models and implement changes were necessary to combat changing trends and threats. Represent the business at Industry forums, engage with Card Scheme and Industry bodies Participate and influence the revision of existing and the adoption of new rules, processes and procedures. Manage and develop 3rd party relationships. Conduct merchant investigations to include site visits, in line with Card Scheme requirements, identify and address fraud and risk issues. Engage with Card Scheme, Law enforcement and Industry investigators to identify and reduce incidents of fraud Ensure effective preventative measures are in place. Promote successful convictions Liaise with Police and the Courts providing Witness Statements and supporting evidential packages Control and manage the ongoing credit exposure, of qualifying merchants, within each portfolio. Minimise credit losses by executing appropriate strategies to secure and or exit merchant relationships. Strategically develop, with the business owners, effective improvements to the risk process and procedures to enhance current operations to support growth aspirations The successful candidate will have: Proven track record of managing teams in a high volume risk operations environment. Proven process management and process improvement background. Strong communication skills and the ability to delegate work effectively to teams Proven people management skills with the ability to motivate teams is a must Excellent analytical skills, both quantitative and qualitative. Must have solid experience in using systems technology to enhance risk mitigation and decisionmaking. An appropriate level of Risk Experience This is an excellent opportunity to establish a new Transactional Monitoring team based in the North West for a World Leading Payments Service provider who service SME's and Multinational Corporates. If you are interested in this opportunity please apply with an up to date copy of your CV. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/HeadofFraudTransactionMonitoring_job****