Title: 2nd / 3rd Line Systems Engineer
Webindex: 68182060
Company: C.O.A.L IT. Services Ltd
Description: Our client, a successful Managed Services Company have an exciting opportunity for a 2nd / 3rd Line Systems Engineer to join their team. As an Infrastructure Engineer you will be based in South Hampshire. You must have the following skills and experience in Networking, Operation systems, Protocols and technologies to be considered for this role: Essential  You MUST have experience working in an ISP / Outsourcing Company (ideally) or Large IT related company.  Minimum 5 years experience with support and maintenance of Linux / Unix / Windows / VMWare based websites / Exchange.  Currently working as a 2nd Line to 3rd Line Engineer  Stable Career History Desirable  Familiarity with protocols such as BGP, TCP/IP, VTP, SIP, MPLS.  Familiarity with Cisco Routers and Switches / LAN/WAN/VPN  Familiarity with network security such as Cisco ASA/PIX.  CCNA or working towards this would be a bonus. This is an exciting Company who provide managed services and solutions to a wide range of companies from Retail and Hospitality to the Card Payments Sectors. Responsibilities  To assist with the design, deployment, support, maintenance, security and performance of Linux/Unix/Windows/email/VMWare based websites of both direct / indirect customers and the companies own internal systems.  To work with the ticketing system and ensure that all requests are dealt with in a professional and timley manner and that all SLA s are met and any issues escalated to the 3rd Line team. This is required for direct/indirect customers and the companies own internal staff.  To provide out of hours support for customers network and network related services on a strict rota basis, one week at a time.  To achieve KPI s set at an individual, customer and Company level. Personal attributes  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills  Able to build relationships with customers and other departments within the company to improve the delivery internally and externally.  Must be proactive and able to organise own work load.  Ability to work well under pressure  Self motivated and ambitious You must be ambitious as my client is looking for a candidate who wants career progression and is looking for an opportunity to work hard / study and progress within the company. Salary: **** plus 3k shift bonus. All candidates will be eligible to be CRB cleared and will be identity checked. This is a great opportunity and an immediate role. APPLY NOW.