Title: Application Administrator (ASPNET)
Webindex: 71848175
Company: People for Work
Description: Application Administrator Summary / Purpose Develops, codes, tests, debugs, documents, maintains, modifies and installs programs Essential Duties and Responsibilities •Write programs that involve formatted output and complex reporting. •Write basic data extracts and flat file interfaces. •Design and code basic screen functionality. •Interface with functional specialists to ensure solution design and integrity. •Solid understanding of functional integration points, entity relationships and module flows. •Prepare technical specifications and test plans. •Devise sample input data to test accuracy of program. •Resolve questions of program intent, input data acquisition, time sharing, output requirements, coding use and modification, and inclusion of internal checks/code reviews for system integrity. •Observe or runs test of program using sample or actual data, assist in user acceptance training. •Participate in roll out of developed applications. •Maintain a working knowledge of advancing technologies. Identify applicable solutions and implement with existing networks when appropriate. •Work seamlessly with all IT Teams to ensure high standard of IT support at all levels. •Maintain and develop documentation for responsible area. Prepare and provide status updates of assigned project plans and schedules. •Maintain positive relations with all employees encouraging them to suggest ways of improving IT systems. Recommend/conduct training. •Organize verbal and written ideas clearly, use appropriate business style. •Identify creative ways to reduce cost by streamlining processes and systems (i.e. modification of responsibilities or consolidation of tasks, elimination of nonvalue added processes, or complete reengineering of processes and systems). •Drive continuous improvement through trend reporting analysis and metrics management. •Offer new ideas and suggestions for improvement. Identify and implement new practices and processes that are “best in field”. •Exchange knowledge and information with other company facilities to ensure best practices are shared throughout the organization while maintaining discretion and confidentiality in all areas pertaining to data and proprietary information, whether internal or external customer specific. •Ability to work effectively under pressure with constantly changing priorities and deadlines. •Must be proficient and knowledgeable in all areas related to the IT department functions. •Adhere to all safety and health rules and regulations associated with this position and as directed by supervisor. •Comply and follow all procedures within the company security policy. Job Requirements **** to **** year’s application development utilizing Microsoft Technologies. .Net ASP.Net Windows  Web based development  database design development. Legacy Support VB6, Classic ASP Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Management Information Systems OR equivalent external work experience OR equivalent formal training in related duties. Strong communication and interpersonal skills. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApplicationAdministratorASPNET_job****