Title: Windows Server Engineer / Team Lead  Hounslow
Webindex: 72689014
Company: Computer People  Limited
Description: Lead Windows Server Engineer / Team Leader  West London (Hounslow)  up to ****k Technologies: Windows Server, VMware, VMware SRM, Monitoring tools, Virtualised environments, Exchange, Active Directory, Enterprise Vault, Netbackup, VB Powershell, LanDesk. Industry: Financial Services Qualifications: ITIL Management Certification, Prince2 Computer People are working with an established financial services company, within the groups IT department we have a need for an experienced Lead Windows Server Engineer that has had some previous experience as a Team Leader. The role will be responsible for the design, installation, configuration, operation, development and management of the Windows IT Infrastructure, whether standalone or virtualised. This includes the provision of 3rd line support services for windows hardware and software infrastructure, covering internal business units and departments in addition to external suppliers and customers. In carrying out the responsibilities of the role, the post holder will work with (or have significant contact with) the Client Server team (made up of Systems Engineers), resolver teams (Unix, DBA, Networks, Developers etc.), the wider IT team where necessary and the business. Essential:  Experience of working in a ****x**** environment with customerfacing and B2B transactional systems.  Experience working as a Technical Team Leader.  Solid handson experience in a Windows server environment  Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience working with people at all levels and in all areas of the organisation. A structured and methodical approach to problem solving, ability to motivate self and others.  Solid commercial awareness and an ability to understand how IT relates to a company and impacts its performance, and the ability to use this in decision making.  Experience of running VMware version**** and version****  Experience of running VMware SRM  Experience of running monitoring tools in virtualised environments  Experience of running highavailability solutions  Experience of running Exchange**** 2010  Experience of running Enterprise Vault  Experience of running Netbackup  Experience of running AD **** 2010  Experience of scripting using tools such as VB Powershell  Experience of running external internet facing servers and applications  Experience of LanDesk  Experience of security best practice including compliance requirements for PCI  Good Analytical and problem solving skills  Hands on experience of managing a team, including coaching and developing them and managing performance in a structured way  Good presentation skills for presenting findings and solutions back to management and project teams  Project management experience (Prince 2 desirable)  ITIL Management Certification  Relationship building  Experience of supplier / contract management Desirable knowledge and Experience  Understanding of SAN and SAN Storage, HDS preferable  Understanding of Networking  Understanding of Databases, specifically SQL and Oracle This role offers excellent career development opportunities and the chance to work with excellent technologies and on exciting projects. To be considered for this role apply now for more information please contact Alastair Taylor.