Title: Support Manager  Software
Webindex: 68346653
Company: Momentum Resourcing Ltd
Description: Support Manager  Software Industry background Based Leicestershire Up to ****  Pension  Health, Depending on Experience This is a new job which has resulted from my customers need to extend their existing customer support arrangements and continue to ensure that the service they offer meets the company culture of going the extra mile for customers . We are looking for a customer service champion. My customer is a global cyber security software company who specialise in developing software for secure devices including smartcards, smart phones and tablets. They have pioneered this technology. Their customers are some of the largest defence, government and financial services organisations in the world and they work with large internationally recognised partners to deliver flexible digital identity solutions. They have been established for over 20 years and are offering you an incredible opportunity to work with leadingedge Identity Management/Smartcard and Biometrics technology. This is an excellent opportunity to join an incredibly successfully company who will further your career and enable you to work in an industry sector that is growing exponentially year on year. They will also reward and recognise your achievements and provide you with unbeatable career progression. You will have experience of managing a support team responsible for an international client base operating across multiple time zones. You will work closely with Sales, PreSales and professional service staff both in the UK and the US offices. You will have experience of managing a support team working in the software industry and also have a strong technical background. The Role:  Manage the current 3rd line support team.  Reruit and train new team members to cover the extended service.  Oversee the arrangement of all customer support contracts in line with cusomer expectations and contractual SLAs.  Build good working relationships and excellent communication with operational and technical managers of key global customers.  Facilitate the resolution of escalated calls with our customers and be a formal point of escalation.  Proactively follow up support issues ensuring matters are resolved and satisfied.  Improve productivity in the Support Department and highlight deficiencies whllst promote improvement by the use of tools, training, revised processes or different methods of engagement with customers.  Work with other managers in the company to ensure that Customer Support matters are progressed in an efficient and consistent way.  Coordinate work flow and resources.  Actively work with Account Managers and Project Managers to ensure that they are fully up to speed with any outstanding customer issues. Person Spec:  Effective and appropriate communicator.  Understand the communication isssues associated with global customers whose first language may not be English.  Have a passion for building the best customer service experience.  Promote face to face customer contact as part of relationship building and so will be willing to travel as required. You must be flexible and able to oversee your Team working throughout the support working This role is Commutable from Leicestershire, Leicester, Nottingham, Derby, Northampton, Coventry, Leamington Spa, Warwick, Nuneaton, Kettering, Corby. Please email your CV in Word format for an immediate interview.