Title: Test Environment Manager X ****
Webindex: 66924888
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Test Environment Manager X **** Coventry Circa **** Are you looking to develop and improve within a professional and successful FTSE 100 company? We are currently recruiting for a permanent Test Environment Manager to own and manage the non production environments ensuring that an appropriate quality of service is delivered to time, cost schedule of use and manage any risks and interdependencies that may arise in the use of non production environments. Identify environments that can coexist between project work streams for test phases. Provide facilities to ensure application deliverables are at the correct level and in the correct location within the non production environment Ensure all non production environments are accurately built and tested prior to their use by the test teams Authorise release of changes into the managed non production environments through a basic version of change control. Ownership of at least one performance measure within the team and lead and/or take part in improvement initiatives The Test Environment Manager will have experience: Evidence of working in Technical Project Management type role Several years of technical experience across multiple integrated technologies Technical knowledge of at least three technology areas to Expert level Technical Experience of working with SAP The Test Environment Manager must demonstrate: Decision making of complex issues Ability to develop and implement sound logical solutions Ability to communicate effectively at all levels using written and oral media Ability to work effectively & manage relationships with individuals and virtual teams Ability to take ownership of any problems and manage to resolve. You will be educated to degree level, ideally IT or significant proven work experience in a similar role. About Our Client Severn Trent Water serves over eight million customers across the heart of the UK, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the Humber and from midWales to the East Midlands. As a FTSE 100 company, they can offer a wide range of career opportunities and attractive benefits. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us