Title: Head pf PPC / Senior Search Manager / Senior SEM Manager
Webindex: 72126756
Company: Intelligent People
Description: Head of PPC / Senior Search Manager / Senior SEM Manager ****k London Head of PPC / Senior Search Manager / Senior SEM Manager needed to work within the online team of a specialist retailer and develop their paid search strategy. This retailer has grown extensively in the past few years and plans to continue the expansion across the UK. The Head of PPC / Senior Search Manager / Senior SEM Manager will: Define execute PPC strategy for the website Manage the PPC activity for the website Implement paid search campaigns Understand all SEO technologies and industry trends Work with the marketing and sales to identify short, medium and long term commercial goals. Compile PPC reports and making recommendations Implement monitor and report process and best practice PPC. Work within defined financial budgets. Analyse data to make proactive/reactive decisions based on the results. Identify new business opportunities and communicate with other senior managers. Work with the marketing team to understand wider business objectives. Recruit new team members when required. The Head of PPC / Senior Search Manager / Senior SEM Manager must have: Demonstrable, hands on experience in Pay Per Click Marketing, preferably within an Online retail / eCommerce environment Experience of managing multiple PPC campaigns Exceptional Google analytical skills, with a track record of shaping senior thinking on how to budget and forecast for PPC. Experience managing search engines other than Google and be highly competent managing and optimising campaigns within Facebook. Knowledge of Hitwise, SEO Moz etc Strong, results driven personality This is an excellent opportunity for a Head of PPC / Senior Search Manager / Senior SEM Manager to drive user acquisition via all paid search channels, including Google and Facebook. The candidate will be an expert and inject energy and leadership to drive things through to completion using a combination of technical and functional knowledge for all aspects related to PPC, along with an astute understanding of commercial acumen Intelligent People is a specialist Head of PPC recruitment agency Keywords: PayPerClick Manager, Paidperclick Manager, Paid Search Manager, Search Manager, Search Engine Optimisation Optimization, Analyst, Adwords, Panama, Google, MSN, Yahoo, Atlas, Google Analytics, Site Optimization, Degree Science, Degree Maths, Web, Online, Retail, eCommerce, Analytics, marketing, SEO, PPC Manager This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/HeadpfPPCSeniorSearchManagerSeniorSEMManager_job****