Title: Senior Database Administrator  Cambridge
Webindex: 68681046
Company: Paramount Recruitment Med Comms, PR & Advertising
Description: A new opportunity has presented itself for a Senior Database Administrator within a wellestablished and growing organisation in Cambridgeshire. Joining a team of technical guru's, the Snr Database Administrator will be responsible for the design, implementation and maintenance of diverse relational databases; to support some of the UK's most innovative software projects. The successful applicant will at as the technical lead in architecting and developing database solutions, working alongside the DB Manager to lead DBA projects. To succeed in this role, the ideal candidate will have indepth experience in troubleshooting/problem solving and in assisting customers on issues relating to RDBMS and SQL tuning in UNIX/Linux environment. Essential Skills The ideal candidate will be educated in computer science or related discipline with proven expertise in using Oracle RDBMS technologies. You will possess a detailed understanding of systems analysis, relational data modeling and database design and development. It is essential that you will be able to productively use SQL and diverse database management tools, and administer multiple databases in a proactive and efficient manner. Previous experience in scripting languages (shells scripting, Perl, PL/SQL) for ongoing development, enhancement and maintenance of databases is to be expected. To hear more information on this unique opportunity please contact Kieron at Paramount Recruitment on **** ****eywords: RDBMS, Oracle, MYSQL, Database Design, Unix, Perl, PL/SQL, Cambridge. Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorDatabaseAdministratorCambridge_job****