Title: Solution Architect Unified Communications / Collaboration
Webindex: 70783085
Company: Woodrow Mercer Recruitment
Description: Cisco, Unified Communications, Borderless networking, Lync, Quad, TelePresence, TDA, presales, UCCE, CVP, CCIE, CCDP, Collaboration, Voice, VOIP Woodrow Mercer Associates seeks a Collaboration Unified Communications Architect experienced working for a solutions provider or IT systems integrator. You will advise from a presales stage, gathering information from customers to design and recommend best practice to customers up to board level. My client is recruiting due to significant year on year growth in the field. They are now one of the market leaders for providing solutions in the UC / Collaboration arena. Tasks and Duties Gather information from customers via workshops, demonstrations, meetings, interrogation of existing documentation systems. Create maintain relationships with customers. Develop good working relationships with sales teams, project management and consultancy teams Propose solutions designs for Data, Voice, UC, TelePresence MS LYNC. Respond to RFP’s Manage **** rd party vendor involvement in the solution design. Act as a Technical Design Authority for nominated projects or customers Foresee and mitigate post sales issues Procure agreement and resources both internally and externally for the post sales SLA’s, caveats managed services. Create maintain relationships with 3 rd party vendors Technical Requirements 3 years’ experience in a similar role Detailed knowledge and relevant accreditations in the following: Microsoft Lync Cisco UC and Borderless networking Microsoft Sharepoint and Cisco Quad Video/telepresence and conferencing solutions Clear understanding of the relevant solution, its applications and integration with related solutions and infrastructure Ability to understand what is required at all stages of the sales cycle, from understanding the customer’s decision making process whilst managing Vendor requirements for sales closure Excellent communicator in all forms up to C Level Excellent organisation and time management skills Commercial aptitude to specify appropriate solutions My client is a prestigious IT services organisation delivering solutions to Enterpriselevel organisations, providing a first class service from procurement through to consultancy and lifecycle solutions, networks to enterprise and data centre infrastructures . A salary in the region of ****k is on offer, with excellent benefits including annual bonus, company car and fuel allowance. The location of the role is flexible, working from home with travel required to customer sites. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SolutionArchitectUnifiedCommunicationsCollaboration_job****