Title: Infrastructure Architect / TDA
Webindex: 68358460
Description: Infrastructure Architect / TDA Kent **** Benefits Key skills: virtualisation / implementation / design / infrastructure / UNIX / LINUX / Windows / Citrix / VMware / SQL Server / MS Exchange / VLAN / VSAN Capita Plc continues to grow extensively and as such we are continuing our search for talented Technical Design Architects (TDA) to join our practice within our IT Services division. As a Technical Design Architect with Capita IT Services you will work with centralised Operational teams and customer project teams to provide detailed design and guidance on all aspects of a solution that covers multiple existing and new customers. So you can get a feel for the type of role you will be carrying out please do refer to the outline of key responsibilities and experience required: •Providing technical capability, governance and vision within our existing customers and work with the bid managers to evolve customer campaigns •Provide integrated technical infrastructure solution across all streams of a project or small programme •Understanding the technical infrastructure problems, challenges and complexities that exist within each stream or area of a programme and be able to manage the stream leads to arrive at an integrated technical solution that meets the business requirements •Experience of virtualisation – specifically VMware is essential and knowledge of server rationalisation and migration techniques •Sound design knowledge of networking (load balancing, VLAN, VSAN) in a highly resilient environment is useful. •Experience of designing and a good understanding and knowledge of technologies including AIX, Solaris, Active Directory, MS Exchange Citrix. By applying to join us at Capita Plc you will gain from all the associated benefits of being part of a large (**** employees) FTSE 100, such as long term career stability and oppotunity for real development. Further, as you will in fact be joining a specific practive within the Capita Plc group, you will be able to make a true personal contribution. To apply for the position of Technical Design Architect we require you to have the majority of the following skills and experience:•Experience of virtualisation – specifically VMware is essential and knowledge of server rationalisation and migration techniques •Sound design knowledge of networking (load balancing, VLAN, VSAN) in a highly resilient environment is useful. •Previous Technical Design Authority role coordinating different technical streams of a project. •Experience of designing and a good understanding and knowledge of technologies such as AIX, Solaris, Citrix, Active Directory, MS Exchange or Unix •Experience of designing implementing multivendor, multilayered, infrastructure solutions for mediumlarge enterprise spanning multiple sites •Technical risk identification and management. •The infrastructure solution implements all the agreed business requirements and functions with any deviations or modifications to these, clearly documented. Key skills: virtualisation / implementation / design / infrastructure / UNIX / LINUX / Windows / Citrix / VMware / SQL Server / MS Exchange / VLAN / VSAN To apply please click the link below.Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.