Title: Systems Security Analyst / Security Engineer / CCNA
Webindex: 71554392
Description: Systems Security Analyst Ref. **** Location: Wiltshire Duration: 12 Months EXCLUSIVE OPPORTUNITY: This assignment will offer you potential longterm career prospects, working with one of Steria s most prestigious Government Clients. You will work through Steria Recruitment for Steria, the UK s leading Outsourcing and Technology Company. Key responsibilities The Systems Security Analyst (SSA) role within the Steria Security Service Line, forms part of the delivered service function and reports direct to the Steria Operations Security Manager. The post holder will be working within the Operations Security function to support the clients System Operating Instructions. This activity includes the monitoring of alerts, network activity, event triage, analysis and ongoing management of the Huntsman Protective Monitoring System (PMS) system deployed within the environment to protect and report upon network (and underpinning infrastructure) activity. Essential experience • Extensive experience of working within security environments. • Understanding of Networks, Firewall and Switches. • Core Windows and/or UNIX administration skills. • Good understanding of TCP/IP. • Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) OR Cisco Certified Network Analyst (CCNA). • Strong analytical and problem solving skills. • Excellent communication skills (oral and written). • Knowledge of ITIL (ITIL Foundation certificate or experience working in ITIL environments). Desirable experience • Knowledge of SQL Queries or programming experience. • Certified Information Systems Security Professional or other security certification. • Certified Ethical Hacking. • Experience of security monitoring toolsets e.g. Huntsman / Arcsight. • Experience in working with Service Level Agreements. This role requires that the successful candidate hold a current DV Security Clearance. Candidates that do not hold a valid DV Clearance must be willing to go through the required security vetting process. Please familiarise yourselves with the process using this link: http://bit.ly/LyHxD**** No agencies, so contact me directly through pmelzeradvertssteria.co.uk On offer is the opportunity to work for a UK top 10 IT Consultancy and Service provider. The role comes with a competitive daily rate, the opportunity for further development and the potential for a wide and diverse career within Steria. Steria is committed to establishing and maintaining a working environment which is free from discrimination and which values all employees as individuals. All employees and prospective employees are selected, recruited, trained and promoted solely on the basis of their skills and behaviour. Winner: Best Small Recruitment Agency to Work For: Recruiter Awards for Excellence 2011 APSCo IT and Telecoms Staffing Company of the Year **** Technical Staffing Company of the Year ****