Title: Microsoft SSRS and SSAS Developer/Consultant
Webindex: 72345885
Company: Northgate Information Solutions UK Limited
Description: In the role of SSRS and SSAS Developer you w ill be part of the MIS team. The responsibility of the team will be to provide expert knowledge in Business Intelligence solutions. Team members will be expected to be involved in pre sales activity, development projects and consultancy days. This includes involvement in providing bid responses, warehouse design, ETL procedures and front end report development. It is not expected that an individual will have expertise in all areas. The candidate should however have a good understanding of what is involved and be willing to increase their knowledge across all areas. Will be flexible and willing to get involved in projects/products not necessary seen as their area of expertise. Although the Microsoft BI toolset is identified as the main tool of expertise knowledge of other reporting/ETL and database solutions will be an advantage. Main responsibilities and opportunities: To deliver consultancy to customers that covers all aspects of the Microsoft BI product toolset. This will mainly include front end report development using SSRS Report Builder and creation of SSAS Models. Knowledge of ETL and warehouse design is an advantage. There may be a requirement to cross train into other **** rd party provider toolsets based on project/product requirements. To assist customers to review their current reporting requirements and make recommendations on how to improve customer reports. To produce bespoke report specification documentation and develop and test bespoke reporting solutions. To ensure effective relationships with customers and internal staff are developed and maintained. To operate according to agreed quality procedures and standards and contribute to their improvement where required. To meet individual deadlines and to contribute effectively to the MIS team targets. To undertake any other duties required that are commensurate with the post. Required Knowledge and Experience: Essential Expert knowledge of Microsoft BI reporting toolset. This includes SQL Server Data Tools (or BIDS), SSRS, SSAS and Management Studio. Also knowledge of the SQL Server Configuration Tools. Expert knowledge of implementing a security model in SSRS and SSAS. Expert knowledge of one or more database products including Oracle or SQL Server. A good understanding of the software development lifecycle. Preferred A good understanding of both waterfall and agile development methodologies. Some Knowledge of an ETL tool such as SSIS, Talend or BODS. Some experience of Business Objects toolset. Experience of working within the UK Public Sector and knowledge of Police systems. Personal Skills: Essential Able to demonstrate high levels of enthusiasm and selfmotivation with the ability to work effectively with limited direct supervision Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to articulate complex situations at the appropriate level to both the end users and technical staff. Able to demonstrate a dynamic and enthusiastic approach to software development/consultancy with a strong focus on quality and continuous improvement. The ability to remain calm and controlled when working to tight deadlines. Must be a quick learner and able to work on their own initiative. Ability to understand business processes and propose or influence Business Intelligence solutions. Must be Flexible and selfmanaging. Treats everyone with respect; Builds trust and longterm relationships; Adheres to policies and procedures. Other: The work will involve access to sensitive data covered by the Official Secrets Act. Therefore the applicant will be asked to undergo Security Clearance by the Home Office. Company info: Northgate Public Servicesis one of the fastest growing public service businesses in the UK. It uses strategy, innovation, information and technology to promote highperforming public services, management and governance in the UK. We work together with our clients in trusted partnerships to deliver better public services that seek to improve the skills and capabilities of employees, fully engage the public and thereby add to public value. It is the depth and breadth of the knowledge and the work of Northgate Public Services employees that places it in a distinct position. Northgate Public Services partners with the public, private and notforprofit sectors. In the UK we work with 95% of Local Authorities, every police force and a large number of health organisations, housing associations, utilities and transport companies. Northgate Public Services supports corporate and service transformation through sustainable performance partnerships. Its services embrace local government, environment and planning, energy efficiency, public safety and enforcement, health and social care, housing, financial management and transport. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/MicrosoftSSRSandSSASDeveloperConsultant_job****