Title: Group Systems Administrator
Webindex: 69159419
Company: Huntress Group   Technology Perms
Description: Group Systems administrator Salesforce.com/Application Support/Administration/User Training/Deployment/Business systems/Application Development/Analysis/ A leading mid size professional Services firm is looking to recruit a Group systems administrator to help develop and support their business applications, including their brand new Salesforce CRM system, Tempest and High Plains. You will get exposure to a lot of project work and be a key part of the deployment and roll out of user training across the business as well as other business process responsibilities. You will also be supporting and administering all of the business applications. It is key that the right candidate has good Salesforce administration, user support and system support experience as well as exposure to rolling out training for business applications in past roles. Essential Experience Familiarity with basic Salesforce.com and/or other system administration tools and processes, and experience in testing IT software. (Minimum ****year) Experience as a Salesforce Administrator. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience of user training for business applications. Ability to solve problem in a logical fashion. Intermediate MS Office skills (Word, Excel, Powerpoint) Desirable experience Recruitment industry experience and the business processes involved. Business analysis experience This is an exciting role within a growing company and has great scope for progression into a systems manager and/or team lead position. Salary ****K If you feel you are suitable for this role and are eligible to work freely in the UK and EU, please apply by submitting your CV via the link on this page. Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role.