Title: IT Service Delivery Manager (SDM)
Webindex: 69026713
Description: IT Service Delivery Manager (SDM)  Hounslow, Middlesex/West London, is required to manage the performance of the IT services to clients, ensuring that contracted service levels and KPIs are achieved and exceeded and continual service improvement. The successful candidate will be accredited or have working expertise in ITIL and Prince**** project management and be responsible for managing, developing and motivating the teams including engineers, repair technicians and team leaders. A level of expertise and understanding in IT Systems, Windows Server **** and XP/Cisco Firewall/Routers/LAN/WAN/Wireless Networks/IP Routing/Microsoft Software/Hardware Peripherals i.e. Printers/Active Directory/Core Domain Controllers and Web Servers is expected to be highly beneficial. Morson International is pleased to be offering this role on behalf of our client, who is currently seeking to recruit a Service Delivery Manager for a role which will be based at a client site in the Hounslow, Middlesex, West London Area on a permanent basis. Candidates must be in a short commutable location such as Brentford, Richmond, Twickenham, StainesUpon Thames, Slough, Uxbridge. The position we are recruiting for is: Responsibilities include the following: Providing absence cover for the Site Manager, taking complete responsibility for the running of the services and staff and the relationships with the customers. Producing service and management reports in an agreed format and timescales to demonstrate service level performance against targets and KPIs and the value of the service delivered by the company. Proactively monitor the service, seeking to avoid major delivery shortfalls, but acting as escalation route for problem resolution when issues occur. To identify and work with appropriate groups to fix any process, technical, resourcing, contractual or SLA issues that are leading to such issues. Manage major incidents, outages, escalations and complaints as necessary, supporting the operation, managing customer impact and communications. Propose and create highimpact SIP s in conjunction with customer to address delivery issues (which may involve customer change). Assist in resolving issues through postmortems and root cause analysis. Ensure that Service Quality is at an acceptable level and quality measures are embedded within the service and demonstrable to the business and the Client. To ensure systems, processes and methodologies as specified are followed to ensure effective monitoring, control and support of service delivery, including measuring & driving improvements in customer satisfaction. Responsible for identifying/maximising and offering innovative services solutions. Managing staff in line with the business s HR policies and procedures and recruiting/selecting staff suitable to work on the site either in a full time, part time or project basis. Staff development and training in line with the needs of the customer and the skill sets required to deliver the contracted and project based services. Authorising and controlling costs inline with budgets. The successful candidate may also have the opportunity to participate in Project Work, assuming a key role in either project delivery or project supervision, specifying the scope of works, providing assistance and support to other teams, ensuring that the work is delivered effectively and within agreed timescales. Position Requirements Certifications I.T Professional Accreditations or a working knowledge to include ITIL and Prince**** would be highly advantageous Proven track record in service/operational delivery and leadership. Project Management appreciation (understanding of the dynamics). Appreciation & high level understanding of IT Infrastructure technologies Evidence of Budget/P&L Management capability. Ability to work under pressure. Strong planning and organisation skills. Strong interpersonal skills, able to build trust and longterm relationships within the client organisation Proactive change agent, able to understand both the clients and business requirements so as to achieve a winwin outcome. Must ensure that all Company equipment issued to him/her is used correctly and safely, is complete and is in working condition. Must report any unsafe practices to immediate manager. The responsibility for safety lies with everyone. By good customer relations promote the Company as a high quality Company dedicated to Customer Service. A Level Qualified or equivalent. Full UK driving licence and access to your own transport to access the client site is essential. Please note due to the nature of this role any job offers will be dependent on a British passport holder having satisfactory Security Clearance (including Criminal Record Checks  CRB). This involves a full **** year checkable employment history. Location: Client site in London Hounslow, Middlesex UK with some travel to other sites as required. Salary: ****k plus benefits including 21 days annual leave plus public/bank holidays, x**** Base Salary Life Assurance and option to join the stakeholder pension scheme. Hours: Monday to Friday office hours (out of hours (twentyfour/seven) oncall duty on a rota basis (approx. 1 week in ****) for which no additional payment is made.) Please send your CV, Coversheet, availability and salary required for immediate consideration. Morson International is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Due to the number of CVs received should you not hear back from Morson International within 7 days, you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. By applying for this role you agree for your CV to be added to Morson s database