Title: SOLUTIONS ENGINEER
Webindex: 68357254
Company: Adecco
Description: Duties: The ongoing user acceptance testing of all software products encompassing all modifications and bug fixes. Maintenance and upkeep of Test Management System to include the suggestion of process improvements and efficiencies where appropriate. Liaison with the Development and Support departments to ensure delivery of bug free applications, software modules and services. Design, preparation and production of user documentation, including online documentation, videos and any other media as required. The production of all documentation for software service packs and full releases. Input in to the design and development of new products including provisions of Acceptance Criteria to the Development department. Configuration of software products (including analyses, templates, schema s & permissions) NOT including Accounts Links. Building of Software Installation packs to handover to delivery departments. Assist in the creation of software support documentation for internal and external use when required. Provision of Internal Training and literature on all aspects of software products for Sales & Marketing and Delivery departments. Support and attend Customer Workshops and User Group Conferences as required. To assist with the implementation of cross company projects as required. To assist the Solutions Director with any other duties as required. PERSON SPECIFICATION Strong oral and written communication skills Ability to work under pressure to tight timescales Ability to plan and organize Ability to analyse and optimise software functionality Ability to demonstrate qualities in the areas of customer services and teamworking Strong logical and effective problem solving skills Qualification: Higher qualification in computing or mathematical discipline Qualification in Software Development or Software Testing Knowledge: High level of competence in IT software, Web Services and Operating Systems SQL Database architecture Software development cycle Office applications (Excel etc.) and Windows environments Experience: Experience in energy related post Experience in an IT Helpdesk environment Experience of software testing Experience of video editing tools and publishing / imaging applications Experience in software development (any levels) Adecco is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy