Title: Database Campaign Executive (St Albans  Osterley/Perm  Cont)
Webindex: 68360876
Company: Experis IT
Description: Database Campaign Executive  St Albans or Osterley / Perm Contract available Our Media Industry Client is looking for a Database Campaign Manager to join their customer intelligence and marketing team. The role will involve having to undertake analysis to identify and quantify the root causes of Do you have hands on experience of Campaign Management toolsets or relational databases? Are you data literate with an excellent eye for detail? Do you have a basic understanding of key Direct Marketing concepts? Are you comfortable translating business logic into data selection? Are you a strong verbal and written communicator with excellent organisational skills? Are you comfortable working with multiple stakeholders with differing priorities? Do you work well under pressure without it affecting the quality of output? If so, our Decisioning Executive role may be for you This exciting role helps our clients deliver data and insight driven, relevant, multichannel marketing campaigns to customers and prospects. Key responsibilities will include: Applying segmentation techniques business rules to customer or prospect data in order to support a marketing objective in line with best practice principles Building campaign structures and selecting relevant data target segments that support downstream requirements such as reporting and evaluation Understanding the marketing context of all campaigns Application of insight to accompany campaign data outputs when requiring stakeholder signoff Accurate and timely delivery of campaign outputs to multiple channels Ensuring best practice data briefing processes are consistent timely Managing client expectations in a responsible pragmatic way Maintenance and updating of campaign process documentation Working in line with best practice Quality Assurance processes to recognise minimise errors in campaign related outputs Completion of primary and secondary QA at key campaign execution milestones Secure handling of all sensitive data in line with company and Data Protection best practice Managing stakeholder expectations through the correct channels and ensuring relevance of communication across the stakeholder community Managing personal workload in a proactive fashion Understanding the role you play in the end to end client marketing process and the upstream downstream dependencies For the role, we would be looking for you to demonstrate the following skills and experience: Experience within a marketing database team or technical environment within a business setting Excellent organisational and time management skills with the ability to multitask and prioritise workload The ability to liaise with individuals and groups at all levels and across multiple locations Good influencing and negotiating skills with the ability to manage multiple stakeholders Excellent written and oral communication skills to be delivered in an articulate, positive and professional manner High degree of drive, energy, selfconfidence, commitment and flexibility appropriate to a meritbased, clientfacing environment. Selfmotivated and results oriented individual with excellent numeracy analytical skills. A marketing, IT or business aligned degree or equivalent Desirable MS Excel skills to manipulate and understand high level business results SQL Knowledge of appropriateness of different mediums (email, phone, f****f) for timely communication of information to client Awareness of other key influencing factors to enable or impede the clients ability to meet their key business objectives Experience with CRM or campaign management software Additional Info: This is a contract role based in St Albans with approximately **** day per week travel to London office. NOTE: The successful candidate will have to undertake an enhanced CRC check (Criminal Reference Check). Checks can take up to 4 weeks to return and candidates are not able to start onsite until the checks have been received back. Please submit CV's and successful candidates will be contacted directly. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DatabaseCampaignExecutiveStAlbansOsterleyPermCont_job****