Title: IT Solution Designer
Webindex: 72546716
Company: Hyphen
Description: My client is currently looking to recruit a highly accomplished IT Solution Designer for a 6 month contracts initially, Poole Dorset based You will have the opportunity to work for a market leader and one of the UK s most recognised and established brands within the banking sector Role Design, develop and support an end user application, Total Questions and Answers (TQA), which is used by the Quality Assurance team to record the results of their quality assurance work in PPI. The role will primarily involve development of code and data tables with elements of support, maintenance, and configuration updates that will need to be done on an as needed basis. Manage a small team of development resources and produce activity plans for the team. Design and develop IT solutions based on business requirements. Perform systems testing and work with User Acceptance Test team to validate solutions. Key Accountabilities: Update systems features based on Business Requirements Ensure any features and bug fixes are implemented to of the highest standard ensuring consistency with the solution as built Ensure all code changes are appropriately documented Ensure all changes are documented in a Bugs/features Database. Fix any compatibility issues concerning different Operating systems/Environments/Access versions. Fix any bugs on a ad hoc basis to strict time lines Review and document code accordingly. Keep User Guide up to date inline with any changes. Manage SQL Server Databases. Working with business owner and business analyst to assess changes required Working with MI team to support provision of MI across PPI Senior Management, QA and Operations Work with the Barclays IT team to analyse problems and provide support to end users Work with Business Analysts to understand requirements and formulate solutions Able to understand business needs and plan according to business direction Able to manage a significant workload of change and prioritise according to business direction Able to recognise, define, and implement technical solutions to business challenges Able to design software solutions and provide supporting technical documentation required for the handover to central IT support If you are a successful IT Solution Designer and looking for your next challenging contract role, please forward me your up to date CV for an immediate (url removed) Limited is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy