Title: Configuration Release Analyst
Webindex: 72689980
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: Job title: Configuration Release Analyst Location: Central Cardiff Status: Permanent Salary: Up to **** plus excellent benefits The role This job will require you to contribute to the running of the IT configuration function. You will work closely with the Development and Testing teams, in addition to the Tech Services and the Quality Manager. You will be involved in auditing and administrating TFS. You will also be involved in build management, in addition to the audit of build quality and code coverage. You will take part in Release Management and Change Management system administration on a daily basis. Experience required You should have experience of Change Management and a degree in IT or a similar subject. You should also ideally have your ITIL Foundation Level Qualification. You must have a proficient working knowledge of the Microsoft .Net environment, Microsoft VSTS ****/2010, TFS **** or 2010, XML, MSBuild, and WIX. You should ideally have experience of working in an Agile environment. The benefits This is an opportunity to join a rapidly expanding team at one of South Wales top employers. My client is part of a highly successful group which recently came 6th in The Sunday Times Top 100 places to work 2012 and 1st in The Great Places to Work Top 100 in 2012. They have a very fun and relaxed culture and they offer ongoing support for training and development. My client uses cuttingedge technologies and work on a number of interesting projects. My client offers a competitive salary and an excellent benefits package that includes an excellent shares scheme, 2**** days annual leave plus bank holidays, pension scheme, free daily fruit, free gym membership, free legal clinics, childcare vouchers, evening and weekend parking, Refer a Friend scheme, Death in Service (3x annual salary), Season Ticket Loan s, free eye tests, Staff discounts  motor insurance, breakdown cover, home and travel insurance and more If you would like to discuss this position in more detail please apply with an updated CV and I will call you to discuss.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C s, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk