Title: Test Automation Consultant  UK
Webindex: 62115788
Company: Eligo Recruitment Ltd
Description: Test Automation Consultant  UK Wide My client is seeking a Test Automation Consultant to be based out of their London offices. They are seeking Test Automation specialists with knowledge of using and building test automation frameworks for the enterprise market and can take them from concept to reality using their software engineering know how and experience. My client needs to hire highly capable and innovative consultants and senior consultants with test automation expertise, with an ambitious nature and an enquiring, logical mind to help them deliver test automation projects around their innovative Test Automation Software to their clients. The Test Automation Consultant will be able to document, write and help the Consultancy set up and deliver projects using market leading products from HP Software, Oracle Application Testing suite and have experience use of products like SAP TAO. The Test Automation Consultant would also have knowledge of Software Quality Management, Release and Testing processes and how this fits into a software delivery environment. The Test Automation consultant must have the following requirements ; ? Programming skills in one of the following  VBS/VBA, .NET, WPF, COM, Unit Testing ? Knowledge of testing enterprise applications like CRM, ERP ? Knowledge of Oracle Application Testing Suite and/or HP QTP ? Quality Center 11/ALM11 ? API coding skills ? Excellent Presentation skills for technical and business stakeholders ? Knowledge of the Software Development Process ? Team Leadership ? XML ? Excellent Software Engineering skills ? Excellent verbal and written communication ? Test Automation Framework Development skills ? Must have had handson project delivery in test automation for a minimum of 18 months or more Nicetohave Requirements: ? HP Business Process Testing ? Eclipse ? Knowledge of Mobile applications ? LoadRunner ? The testing vmodel ? Test process improvement ? Test automation ? Performance Engineering ? SAP TAO ? SC Clearance The candidate will is expected to travel extensively. Please send your CV to [contact details removed] or call [contact details removed]