Title: Data Warehouse /SQL Server Developer Permanent West London
Webindex: 66913289
Company: Blue Personnel
Description: Data Warehouse /SQL Server Developer Experienced SQL Server 2008 Developer required West London. Initially you’ll be involved in enhancing my clients core product as they aim to deliver a global roll out to one of their customers. There will also be opportunity to take ownership of development of new products / areas of functionality. You will have been used to working with Large Databases with experience of Implementing and Administering Partitioning You’ll play a key role in their database development team getting involved in the full development lifecycle (design, development, testing and deployment) on very large databases (VLDB). There will also be elements of operational support (twentyfour/seven) which is shared amongst the team so any DBA skills would be an advantage. In the process of adopting an Agile/Kanban process so any experience of TDD and Continuous Integration would be beneficial. Specific Responsibilities: Delivery and maintenance of high performance SQL Server data warehouse and business intelligence implementations that process large volumes of data (a billon  records a day). Communication with technical and business staff in technical and plain English language; Documenting all work carried out (e.g. data models, configurations, and setup); Occasional business analysis; Operational support of production systems. Required Experience/Skills: Solid experience as a SQL Server 2008 BI developer Development experience in team environment with highend projects from inception through delivery with competency the following areas: SQL Server 2008 RDBMS database development including TSQL programming and database design (data modelling, use of techniques such as partitioning and compression, performance tuning). ETL implementation using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) BI presentation delivery utilising SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SharePoint and Office or other BI tools Experience processing large data sets. Client facing and thinking strategically from client’s perspective to deploy correct solutions. Experience of working to Agile methodologies (Scrum/Kanban). Knowledge of industry standards / best practices. Desirable Experience/Skills: Any experience in or exposure to the following is not required but would be advantageous: Database Administration, SQL Azure, FastTrack, Knowledge of retailer sector, Continuous Integration, SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) Personal Traits: Ability and willingness to learn new technologies and to share ideas. Excellent client facing and communication skills. Be a selfstarter, able to prioritize tasks and manage own time effectively. Takes ownership and responsibility. An innovative approach to developing solutions – thinking around the problem. Passionate about delivering quality solutions in a fast paced environment. Able to work both independently and as part of a tight knit team. Travel, Occasional visits to clients both in the UK and globally may be required This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DataWarehouseSQLServerDeveloperPermanentWestLondon_job****