Title: C Developer , Web Developer
Webindex: 71199771
Company: TEKsystems
Description: My client is a leading agency who are currently looking for an experienced and enthusiastic web developer to join their team. They are a Microsoft specialist house who pride themselves on ensuring that they keep up to date with all recent releases of Microsoft technology. They are looking for a web developer who has a good grounding and level of experience in front end web based technology such as; C .Net ASP.Net HTML XML Web services MVC It is essential that you have experience of developing web applications using an MVC framework. You will be developing web solutions using C and ASP.Net as your core technology within an MVC framework. In return my client can offer you a creative environment, with the opportunity to work on multiple projects. My client will also support you through gaining your professional qualifications and accreditation in Microsoft technology. If this sounds like you or you would like to know more information please contact me directly on rlaughlinteksystems.co.uk or **** **** **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.