Title: Technology / Business Consultant
Webindex: 69538100
Company: Corvus Recruitment Ltd
Description: Technical Business Consultant This is a career defining opportunity to join a leading global technology firm delivering Enterprise Information Management solutions into their world class partners throughout EMEA. Highly regarded by Gartner with genuine USPs over their competitors and stellar year on year growth our client is an extremely attractive organisation to join during this significant period of expansion. This is an excellent role for an intelligent, ambitious, career focused Consulting professional who is looking for a challenging & rewarding role in a high growth technology company with in demand products. Position Summary The ideal candidate will be able to work in an international business environment and will have worked with a leading consulting or technology firm in a client facing Consulting, PreSales or Business Analysis role. Working with Customers and Channel Partners the successful candidate will have a blend of technology and business skills. Must be able to understand business and technology needs, demonstrate product solutions and capabilities, engage with clients, build value propositions, deliver, train and support technology solutions sales. You will work to ensure that our Partners are equipped to sell our solutions into the market place, through coordinating and delivering training programmes, supporting marketing materials and servicing their technical and commercial queries. Job Description  Become a subject matter expert in Information Management and Governance  Be involved in the sales process including requirements gathering, preparing and delivering presentations through to providing follow up account support.  Respond to RFI, RFP, Tenders  Report generation and delivery to Channel Partners  Support all aspects of Channel Development Activities  Coordinate and contribute internal resources including support and training to deliver industry leading services Criteria  High calibre graduate ideally in Technology/ Information Systems.  Proven track record of client engagement  3  years excellent commercial experience postgraduation  First class organisational and Project Management skills  Excited by technology and able to evangelise  Versatile and able to multitask in a fast paced global technology firm  Smart and able to read situations  Turbo charged with a can do attitude With offices worldwide this role is based in Cork, Ireland and will involve International Travel. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global Enterprise solutions business at an exciting team in their growth. To succeed you will be an ambitious career focused professional who is looking for a challenging role in a fast paced, entrepreneurial organisation. In return our client is offering a highly competitive package made up of generous base salary plus attractive performance related bonus.