Title: PROGRAMME SUPPORT OFFICER  SELBY NORTH YORKSHIRE
Webindex: 62124546
Company: Project People
Description: PROGRAMME SUPPORT OFFICER x ****  SELBY NORTH YORKSHIRE Our client is a leading provider of Healthcare Technology / IT solutions and due to continued growth they have an urgent need for a highly skilled Programme Support Officer to join their team on a permanent basis. ? The role will be based from there Selby head office and there is an excellent salary / package on offer along with the opportunity to work for an expanding and hugely successful organisation. Main Purpose of the role: ? To support the programme Manager by providing high quality coordination and administration support with the implementation and delivery of the companies healthcare IT related programmes ? Manage the programme / project documentation ? ensuring the files are always up to date. ? Liaise with internal resources and external customers to support the programme manager with the delivery of the programme to time and budget. ? Develop and maintain delivery operating procedures and provide a centralised knowledge repository ? Delivery of smaller projects (sub ****k in value) Key responsibilities: ? Supporting the Programme Manager ? Maintain the risk logs and issue logs on behalf of the Programme Manager ? Monitor the project plans for the programme Manager and highlight potential delays ? Manage smaller projects through to completion ? Support the Programme Support Manager in the development and continual improvement of operating procedures. Required Experience: ? Strong team player ? Solid experience of working effectively with internal teams / departments as well as external end customers ? Very strong communications skills ? both written and verbal ? Sound knowledge of Microsoft Project ? Knowledge of PRINCE**** or MSP methodologies and processes ? Full understanding of the project management lifecycle ? Can do attitude and the ability to get the job done Additional Info: ? Any exposure to the healthcare sector is highly advantageous ? Experience with Adult Social Care is advantageous To apply for this role please forward your CV to [contact details removed] or call [contact details removed] for more information. Project People Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.