Title: Senior Business Systems Support Officer  ICT Services
Webindex: 64209205
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Senior Business Systems Support Officer  ICT Services Reference no: Lambeth **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: SW2 **** What s involved with this role: Application and System Support The provision of applications and systems maintenance and support services. Support is provided both to users of the systems and to service delivery functions. Support typically takes the form of investigating and resolving problems and providing information about the systems. It also includes ensuring that the system s functionality is appropriately configured and applied within the organisation to support efficient service delivery; and monitoring system performance. Procurement and Supplier Relationship Management and Project Management The management of low value procurements of goods and services and projects up to the value of **** and of managing external suppliers to ensure successful delivery of products and services to achieve required business outcomes. System Software and Programming Responsible for providing expertise to facilitate and execute the installation and maintenance of application system software. Responsible for the design, creation/amendment, testing and documenting of programs from supplied specifications in accordance with agreed standards. (e.g. extraction, transformation and load programmes) Consultancy Provide wellinformed advice about the application systems' functionality taking steps to ensure that it is properly understood and appropriately exploited by the business users. To be proactive in introducing system change to deliver business efficiency and improvement. Security Administration The authorisation and monitoring of access to IT facilities or infrastructure in accordance with established organisational policy. Includes investigation of unauthorised access, compliance with relevant legislation and the performance of other administrative duties relating to security management. Configuration and Change Management The management of change to the service infrastructure including service assets, configuration items and associated documentation, be it via request for change (RFC), emergency changes, incidents and problems, so providing effective control and mitigation of risk to the availability, performance, security and compliance of the business services impacted. This post requires an in dept combination of Northgate Housing SX3 expertise and business knowledge of social housing. The successful individual requires proven technical skills N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Educated to at least GCE A level, SQA Highers or equivalent standard Minimum of **** months recent senior business systems support experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Ability to acquire a detailed understanding of business processes in the areas for which the post holder will be providing support and how they relate to computer systems Experience of the management of contracts for the provision of IT applications and services or equivalent contract management Knowledge and experience of Northgate Housing (SX3) Knowledge of Housing Business processes Expertise in SQL TOAD ( DTI) Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Transport, Environment Leisure Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for **** months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited