Title: Senior Software Programmer/Team Leader
Webindex: 70770207
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Job Title: Senior Software Programmer/Team Leader Salary: ****  **** Location: Reading Key Skills: Experience programming in C or VB.net, Experience with SQL, experience with MS Project, Hands on experience with hardware and software development cycle The Company: My client is Europe s fastest growing developer and manufacturer of alarmoverIP technology for the security industry. Their development program is challenging and leading edge. The company is growing at over 80% per annum and is represented around the world, its technology is used by leading manufacturers worldwide. The Role: The successful applicant will be joining the technical team to develop new software packages and improve existing packages that are sold into mission critical and high availability applications. He/she will be involved in every stage of the design process including specification, software development, testing, and customer demonstrations and building installation packages. In addition, the successful applicant will carry out project management and team leader functions in order to coordinate the activities of other members of the development teams. Responsibilities; Software Development o Creating specifications to meet customer and commercial needs. o Developing new software applications. o Updating existing software applications. o Creating installation packages. o Creating test specifications and software tools for automated testing. o Creating and maintaining user documentation. Team leader o Responsible for the management of a small team of software and hardware engineers. o Project planning  analysing projects and breaking down into tasks with dependencies and timescales in a project plan for communication and review with management team and staff. This activity will also encompass hardware development and approvals. o Managing distractions to enable the team to focus on tasks in hand. o Making decisions about priorities and delegating issues accordingly. o Managing and maintaining the working environment for staff and giving them the tools to do the job. o Recruitment and training of Development Engineers. Qualifications, Experience and Technical Requirements Essential; Obtained a degree in Computer Science or similar Experience programming in C or VB.net Experience with SQL Previous experience as a Development Team Leader Experience of project planning tools such as MS Project Good knowledge of IP communications, in particular TCP/IP In possession of a full, clean UK driving licence Holder of a full passport Hands on experience with hardware and software development cycle Desirable; Experience with Embedded C and C++ Experience with IIS (Internet Information Services) Experience of answering the telephone and dealing with customers Experience in the security industry Experience in giving presentations