Title: Senior Mobile Developer (java)  Android
Webindex: 55409665
Company: JOBG8
Description: Senior Mobile Developer (Java)  Android We're Trader Media Group  the UK's most successful Automotive Digital business. With household brands such as Auto Trader, we continue to build on our **** year heritage of leading the innovation and creativity that drives the UK's automotive industry. It is an exciting time to be here and we'd love for you to join our growing award winning team. As one of the leading agile product development teams in the UK, building the latest products and features on some of the busiest and most successful consumer facing web and mobile apps, we're always looking to hire top talent who are up for a challenge. We operate a high paced, collaborative and innovative environment where likeminded individuals come together to form great teams. If you're motivated, driven and you pay particular attention to delivering technical excellence then you may be just what we're looking for Visit the Auto Trader YouTube Channel for video's on our latest Apps. Required Experience  You will be an experienced programmer who is passionate about delivering quality code. You enjoy working in an agile, test driven environment and can bring strong Object Orientated Java skills to the role.  You can bring experience of delivering mobile applications on the android platform, on time and to quality.  You'll enjoy working in a collaborative environment, freely sharing knowledge, appreciate feedback and support colleagues. You have the desire and motivation to learn new skills within and outside of the working environment and outside of your primary role. Salary & Benefits  We offer a competitive salary of between **** to **** Dependent on experience. The role also comes with a flexible benefits package, 25 days annual leave and bonus.  You will also benefit from working with an award winning, lead edge team and in a highly collaborative and innovative environment. This truly is an opportunity not to be missed Location Description This role is located in NewtonleWillows, which is **** minutes from Manchester or Liverpool and easily commutable from most locations in the UK. Just off the M6 and M62.