Title: SAM Internal Partner Account Manager
Webindex: 68692607
Company: BROOK STREET BUREAU   Reading
Description: The Internal Partner Account Manager role is a telephone based account management position that is a key role within the SAM Team. The IPAM is one of the named Account Managers for approximately 60 Microsoft Software Asset Management Partners and will have overall responsibility for that Partner's pipeline and timely engagement delivery and commitment to their Microsoft partnership and satisfaction. The IPAM will be responsible for building lasting, productive relationships, based on mutual successes, high levels of expertise and empathy to ensure that the partner views them as a trusted advisor to their business. Outside of the contact driven by the Partners, the IPAM is expected to proactively contact their partners on a regular basis. Through their relationship building skills they will support the Partner when executing their SAM focused solutions and business plans  Partner Solution Plans (PSPs) and Partner Business Plans (PBP's) to drive mutual revenue and success in the marketplace. In particular, the IPAM will be responsible for ensuring the smooth and successful execution of SAM Services funded opportunities, ensuring this success both for the partner delivered work, but also managing these engagements through to revenue landed on the SAM Scorecard. They will work closely with their Partners to help identify new SAM Engagements and growth opportunities. The IPAM will be responsible for obtaining and managing sales pipelines from their accounts. As such the TPAM needs to continually develop expertise in the Microsoft SAM offering and be able to sell the business value of this service to Partners. Given the size and complexity of the opportunities, the IPAM will need to act as a hub between the Partner and the various sales, marketing and services resources within Microsoft. Critical to the role, therefore, will be the ability to build great internal and external relationships quickly and professionally. The IPAM will need to have excellent communication, business acumen and relationship building skills at an Executive level to ensure that Microsoft is able to influence and develop our Partner community more broadly. Success Criteria: To increase the SAM engagement pipeline delivered across their Partner portfolio in a planned and visible way To provide an enriched Partner experience and therefore increase their Partner's satisfaction with Microsoft Increase our knowledge of our Partner channel to enable us to improve our Partner offerings Accelerate the consumption of SAM Services funding through the Microsoft SAM Partner community Drive increased pipeline velocity of SAM Services opportunities and drive these opportunities to revenue closure by working with the various partner and account management teams. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAMInternalPartnerAccountManager_job****