Title: SybaseIQ Database Consultant  StAlbans
Webindex: 69044710
Company: Experis IT
Description: SybaseIQ Database Consultant  St.Albans Our bluechip client is currently seeking an experienced Database Consultant to support the full lifecycle of their SybaseIQ database including design, implementation and support. This is an initial 12 week contract based in St.Albans. The successful candidate will be responsible for; Implementation and release of database changes according to agreed timescales and costs. Ensuring that storage, archiving, backup and recovery procedures are defined and function correctly. Monitoring performance, managing parameters and capacity planning Ensuring that the relevant hardware resources are allocated to the databases ensuring high resilience and performance tuning. Communicating regularly with technical, development and operational staff to ensure database integrity, capacity and security. Troubleshooting and problem solving of SQL and SybaseiQ issues. Developing the database strategy and recommending new solutions to aid in the delivery of our customer's business service. The successful candidate will demonstrate the following key skills and experience; Indepth knowledge of SybaseiQ and SQL Server Fully lifecycle experience of support a full lifecycle SybaseIQ database including design, implementation and support. Strong communication skills and confidence communicating across the business at various levels. Familiarity with the main data manipulation languages and the principles of database design Experience of working in a Business Service orientated environment Business awareness and understanding of business requirements of IT An understanding of information legislation, e.g. the Data Protection Act. Strong selfsufficiency and initiative working on Database projects Practical experience in monitoring and tuning databases to provide a highly service. Practical experience in managing the internal and external database security In the first instance please forward your CV to nicole.perks experis.co.uk, only suitable candidates will be contacted directlyRole: Database Consultant  SybaseIQLocation: St. AlbansContract duration: 12 weeks initiallyStart date: **** th Feb  EstimatedRate: ****p/d  dependent upon experience This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SybaseIQDatabaseConsultantStAlbans_job****