Title: Cisco field installation engineer ccna
Webindex: 71565232
Company: FT Select
Description: Cisco Network field Installation engineer CCNA North West The Network Implementation team designs and implements customers edge routing equipment, core networks and optical systems. They produce crucial scoping information that verifies the provisional design. All the options considered will be qualified and quantified to eliminate over or underspecifying. They test the proposed solution for business benefits and help the customer to build a return on investment business case. They'll also audit any legacy infrastructure that needs to be integrated into their new solution, to highlight any challenges before integration starts. The provisional design is honed into a definitive design that is a precise fit to our customer's needs and their environment. Any assumptions and caveats will be eliminated, leaving only the facts, so that we can commit to the level of equipment and management required to deliver their solution. Network diagrams will carry full details of equipment and connections proposed, and they underwrite that our definitive design will satisfy the agreed deliverables. Implementing a converged network is the final step in bringing together all the technical components of a solution. Challenges do occasionally crop up during implementation, and when they do the value of our rigorous design cycle becomes clear. They will use contingency plans and allocated resources to overcome the issues. All of this is carried out whilst fully liaising with Project Management and the customer to ensure that there are no wrong turnings or ambiguity along the way, allowing them to deliver what they have promised. Role overview Mobile , usually working alone but also an active team member. Ensure the day to day performance and results delivery of the team in all operational aspects of Data Networks Installation. Work closely with the project team providing quality assurance checks on network design. Support the Data Specialist and Principal Engineers when required. Role Objectives Area: Network Implementation Objective: Provide expert deployment of complex projects/installations, employing the latest technologies, ensuring they are fully commissioned, tested on time and to budget. Deliverables: Maintain a level of expert knowledge, skills and manufacturer accreditation in line with business and supplier requirements. To provide excellent Service Delivery to all customers (both internal and external). Support the installation process where necessary through configuration and testing of relevant solutions to required standards. To achieve service KPI’s. To react to all reasonable requests from the Installations Manager / Projects Coordinator Manager. Timely and accurate Completion of paperwork as required. Understand processes, procedures and internal computer systems Complete all tasks to a high standard of quality. To be focused and responsive towards the customers needs. To ensure that all working practises adhere to the ISO9002 procedures. To support colleagues as required. To exhibit good communication skills with both internal and external customers. To follow all Health and Safety and working guidelines as updated from time to time ensuring safe working environment at all times. Area: Team Working Objective: Day to Day Team Working Deliverables: Communicates effectively and builds effective working relationships with colleagues. Respects, listens to and takes accounts of others viewpoints. Shares knowledge and skills with other team members. Achieving all the service KPI’s. Providing an excellent service relationship with both internal and external customers. Providing an environment that is clean, safe and efficient. Having the flexibility to achieve the many different tasks expected of you. Taking responsibility for your own personnel development. Ability to adapt to changes within a modern technological environment Skills and Aptitudes  Flexible  Positive outlook  Conscientious  Good people skills  Good attention to detail  Excellent communication skills  Excellent customer handling skills  Selfmotivated and disciplined  Technical ability and ability to adapt to changing technologies  Ability to work within the confines of specified targets and timescales  Focused on achieving excellent service delivery levels  Has the drive necessary to achieve success  Complies with Health Safety requirements Job knowledge  Excellent product knowledge of switches, routers and applications  Excellent general Datacoms knowledge  Good knowledge of service delivery requir This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/Ciscofieldinstallationengineerccna_job****