Title: Project Manager  Software Development (Agile/Digital)
Webindex: 70569129
Company: The People Network
Description: Project Manager – Software Development (Agile) A leading bluechip organisation based in central Reading are seeking an experienced software development project manager with a strong delivery record working in agile environments. The role will involve working on a number of new internal software development projects spanning a range of technologies and predominantly working in agile teams. As a software project manager you will lead projects through the full lifecycle and have full budget and resource responsibility. You will work directly with internal technical teams of developers and testers both in house and outsourced consultancy resources. You will also be responsible for facing off to change and transformation teams, working closely with senior management and presenting to director and board level stakeholders. A highly critical role with a large amount of responsibility and exposure to a number of high profile projects into 2013. To be considered for the role of software/application delivery project manager you will have:  Strong project management experience delivering complex software development solutions (2 years)  Background in software development or related (ideally hands on development previously)  Strong people management and leadership experience  Strong knowledge of range of development methodologies waterfall, agile, XP, etc  Experience of managing project budgets of between ****k and 1m  Ideally experience of delivery web based or online software solutions  Experience of working with 3rd party suppliers and outsourced delivery structures  Experience of working on both legacy maintenance and greenfield projects  Strong stakeholder management skills  Strong communication skills  Ideally experience in the insurance/financial sector (not essential)  Strong educational background Personally you will be highly driven and delivery focused. You will have the ability to cross the bridge effectively between IT and the business, while also operating effectively with senior level business and IT stakeholders and board members. You will have the gravitas to influence senior executives and have fist class communication and presentation skills. This really is a first class opportunity to lead one of some of largest greenfield software programmes in the UK. You will not only take full control of a range of projects but also be working for one of the most recognised brands in the global insurance market. You will have the chance to see the full programme delivery while operating directly with some of the companies most senior executives. The successful candidate will receive a salary of between ****  ****k  15% Bonus, Pension, Medical, flexible benefits package and more.