Title: Automation and Orchestration Engineer – London  ****K
Webindex: 69036254
Company: Redoak Recruitment Solutions
Description: Automation and Orchestration Engineer – London  ****K A leading organisation recognised as a leader in the Cloud / Hosting Service market place is looking to add an Automation and Orchestration Engineer to its expanding team due to their ongoing growth and success. The Automation and Orchestration Engineer will be responsible for implementing infrastructure Automation and orchestration tools. Automation and Orchestration Engineer will be responsible for developing the automation and integration of the platform in line with strategy. The automation engineer will also have input into product evaluation, define supporting documentation for design and deliver ongoing support of the platform. You will be seen as the Automation and Orchestration technology SME within the business being able to work with all departments to ensure the capabilities are understood and evangelised. To secure this role as an Automation and Orchestration Engineer you will need to have a proven background within a large scale cloud or virtualised computing environment. You will have strong operation support experience (covering Windows or Linux) and excellent Scripting skills (Python, PowerShell) brought across from a large enterprise environment. The ideal candidate will have had experience with a number of the following:  Monitoring tools such as: Nagios, Solarwinds, SCCM, NetIQ, etc.  Experience of Automation tools such as: Opalis, Aegis, VMware Orchestrator, Autonomy This is an opportunity to join a truly recognised player in the growth technology space of cloud services and hosting. If you would like to discuss this opportunity in more depth please forward your CV to garyredoakrecruitment.co.uk . Redoak Recruitment Solutions Ltd is acting as an Employment Consultancy in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/AutomationandOrchestrationEngineerLondon****K_job****