Title: New Business  Sales Executive  Unified Communications  Cisco
Webindex: 68805698
Company: Entrada Resourcing Ltd
Description: My client a leading global technology services company, headquartered in the UK with operations in Europe, North America and Asia Pacific and are experts in Unified Communications, Collaboration and Contact Centres. They are the leaders in Cisco Collabaration. An opportunity for a New Business / Sales Executive has arisen within the London based Sales Department, specializing in Unified Communications  Cisco. This is a genuine opportunity to join a thriving sales team and global leader in its field. RESPONSIBILITIES: Ability to achieve an Annual Gross Profit target quarter on quarter. Monthly forecasting of opportunities and pipeline to the business. Selling proposition into major national and international organisations Manage the sales cycle through from opportunity creation, proposition delivery, deal negotiation and deal closure. Ensure the financial integrity of every deal. Develop relationships with client s strategic partners, namely Cisco and their ecosystem of partners. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: Strong, proven experience of selling Cisco Technology solutions to National and/or International accounts. Experience of and ability to forecast accurately on medium and long term pipeline to the business while closing out short term opportunities. You will have closed deals between ****k and 2m The ability to understand where Cisco technologies can deliver a positive business impact to clients and the ability to sell these benefits to both IT and nonIT focused decision makers. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: Experience of selling and building business cases is preferential. Experience of engaging with Cisco Account Managers and PSS teams. With average growth of 30% yearonyear, a defined approach to our target market they offer an exceptional opportunity for high performing sales talent to be successful. Upto ****k basic  **** OTE,  package and bens. Immediate Interviews