Title: Credit Risk Business Analyst Team Lead
Webindex: 72373116
Company: Scope AT Limited
Description: An investment bank in The City are looking for a Business Analyst Team Lead with the Credit Risk area.The main job function is to work as part of an IT strategic project team on one or several projects to deliver technical solutions to meet business requirements. The solutions are critical to the Trading and Commercial Banking businesses allowing them to manage credit risk counterparty exposure, and drive improved risk weighted assets for the firm. Duties of the role: AsIs analysis of existing processes Participation in the project throughout entire software development life cycle. Work closely with the business to gather and document business requirements. Document detailed requirements working collaboratively with Business Stakeholders and IT teams Design development of functional specifications and design documentation. Coordination of System and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) with global teams. Problem analysis/investigation support of the Testing/UAT phases. Key participation in project releases including planning, documentation and adherence to change control procedures. Provide post release production support as a key system expert during the post implementation phase. Essential experience: Experience working as a Business Analyst in a lead role in Investment Banking/Financial Services. In depth understanding of credit risk methodology. Exposure to full software development life cycle including development, implementation, testing, go live Experience in requirements gathering and verification. Experience in producing high quality business documentation. Experience in drawing up use cases and detailed functional specifications. Participation in Test/UAT execution and defect/issue management analysis. Working knowledge of change control and release management procedures. Experience of working for major projects/programmes within a global team including development, testing teams and 3rd party vendors Essential skills: Good understanding of credit risk business processes. Excellent communicator with the ability to deliver clear and prompt communication in person and/or via email with team members and business stakeholders. Self starter and motivated individual who can be responsible for managing own deliverables. Enthusiastic and positive team player. Ability to translate very vague requirement statements into detailed business requirements and functional specifications through liaison and collaboration with the requirement providers. Ability to translate business requirements into business analysis detailed use case deliverables. Ability to lead and host workshops with an ability to cater delivery and content to varied audiences. Ability to think laterally and investigate problems based on limited information and work with varied business and technical teams. Microsoft Office applications including Excel, Word, Visio and PowerPoint. This is a permanent role.