Title: Senior Systems Support Engineer
Webindex: 69017467
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: In the UK, Capita Secure Information Systems is a market leader in providing solutions to public safety agencies, central government departments, local authorities and voluntary organisations. Its continuous development of public safety communication systems was recognised in the Queen s Awards for Enterprise: Innovation **** We provide missioncritical systems and services to police, fire, and ambulance agencies as well as national organisations such as the Maritime and Coastguard Agency, the Highways Agency, British Transport Police, RAF Search and Rescue, and the Ministry of Defence Police. In addition, we also provide ICT and communications managed services for a number of local authorities, police forces and associated government agencies. This role will be based in Exeter working onsite for Devon and Cornwall Police. CSIS are looking for a permanent Senior Systems Engineer who can technically contribute to the full range of skills involved in third line support to critical systems. This role is to work in our Technical Services team to install, support, maintain and develop all the appropriate CSIS Infrastructure components at Customer sites as Resilience s within cost delimiters. Due to the nature of CSIS Customers, planned activities and upgrades are normally implemented outside of normal hours. As the systems are operational 24 hours a day, there is also a requirement for out of hour s support on a rotabased system. Essential Experience/Skills : Microsoft MCSE/MCP ****/**** Certification Citrix CCA XenApp Certification Deployment Solution experience LAN configuration/management including TCP/IP, NLB, DNS, DHCP HP/Dell Hardware & Management Tools Microsoft Clustering technologies Server Virtualisation Technologies (VMware, XenServer, Xen Desktop, HyperV) Server Patching Solutions (WSUS/SCCM) Exchange Server Documentation & Visio skills for comprehensive Infrastructure designs If you think you are suitable for the position then please apply asap for the role to avoid disappoint or send me your CV to Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us