Title: Apprentice Desktop & Network Support Engineer
Webindex: 69172380
Company: QA Apprenticeships
Description: Polaris Networks is an IT service company with a difference. Founded in 2011, we believe that a highly personalised and tailored service is what every one of our clients deserves, from private individuals to large enterprise. We provide consultancy, installation and support services for your home, business, and events by seamlessly integrating technologies to create reliable and hassle free solutions. We build longterm relationships with our clients by earning your trust through our high level of professionalism, diligence and attention to detail . Job Overview:  First line support: Answering telephone calls and responding to email enquiries in an efficient and polite manner.  Documentation: Amending and maintaining current documentation system.  Building systems: Trainees will be taught how to configure predesigned network systems ready for onsite installation.  Finding solutions to problems: Trainees will be guided on how to find solutions to general desktop, server and network issues.  Assisting the Director: Shadowing and assisting the director both in office and on site. Sourcing equipment: Help source equipment from suppliers, making sure that the products are in stock and requesting quotes Special Requirements:  Polite and well presented.  Good telephone manner and interpersonal communication skills.  Discrete regarding confidential client information.  An enthusiasm for IT. We are keen to know about your existing interests and how you keep informed of new technology.  Well organised and impeccable time keeping. A driving licence would be a benefit although Training to be provided:  Microsoft Technical Associate (MTA)  City Guilds Certificate in IT Systems and Principles  City Guilds Level 3 Diploma in IT Professional Competence Qualifications Required: You must have at least **** G.C.S.E Grades (C and above) or equivalent, Maths and English is a must. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApprenticeDesktopNetworkSupportEngineer_job****