Title: IT Security Specialist
Webindex: 68627519
Company: IPS
Description: IT Security Specialist  CISSP, CISM or CISA certified Salary Circa ****k base  bonus and Benefits. My client is a leading brand in the commercial insurance sector and they are seeking an experienced IT security specialist to work in a broad capacity across their business and IT functions. Working closely with an outsourced 3rd party to ultimately protect the confidentiality and integrity of information within the company and to ensure and maintain the legitimate access to it through technical mechanisms. Some principal accountabilities include; To ensure systems are up to date with the latest security requirements in order to stop any malicious acts occurring against them. Support other areas in planning and implementing the IT security. Manage the daytoday security of the networks including escalations and issue resolution. Develop and maintain information security strategy, policies and procedures. Work with third parties to implement, develop and review the appropriate security infrastructure Carry out full security audits and ensure compliance and best practice is adhered to. Interpret business requirements IT Security implications. Develop, organise and provide information security training. Monitor compliance with the firms security policies and procedures and refer any problems to appropriate department managers or administrators. Perform security risk assessments Full list on application. Key skills and experience required; Degree educated in Computer Sciences/Engineering or a related discipline Detailed technical knowledge of IT including networks, operating systems, databases, Firewalls, antivirus and patch management. Knowledge and experience of the security products available including intrusion detection and encryption tools. An awareness of the Data Protection Act and FSA initiatives such as Treating Customers Fairly. Strong interpersonal, communication and leadership skills. An understanding of UK general insurance is desirable. Great company who have a strong core team in place now following a recent outsource and this is a great time to join them as they look to make one of two strategic hires and improvements to their overall IT operation. Further information on the role and the employer available on application.