Title: Technical Architect  Digital  JAVA  Web  CMS  Alfresco
Webindex: 72678084
Company: Digitek Resourcing Limited
Description: Technical Architect  Digital  JAVA  Web  CMS  Alfresco Technical Architect, CMS, Solution Architect, Java, Online. Digitech have been appointed by a leading Systems Integration Company that specialise in the design, development and operational support of Enterprise Content Management and Search Solutions. Our client are based in London and are looking for a technical Architect to work within their Web Content Environment. They will be an excellent communicator and have experience of managing relationships with business stakeholders within organisations and will have had ownership for creating solution architecture descriptions and creating the framework to monitor and review live products and services. Duties Provide technical leadership and ECM expertise to projects across the EMEA region. Interfacing with customers and developers, so that any problems arising during design or implementation can be resolved in accordance with the fundamental design concepts, user needs and constraints. Secondary Responsibilities:  To shape, grow and manage the Enterprise Content Management (ECM) function.  Provide technical guidance on ECM, plus information governance and advice on technical aspects of system development and integration (including requests for changes, deviations from specifications, etc.)  Take shared ownership of project quality, ensuring that the technical deliverables are of an acceptable standard in accordance to the definition of done .  Ensure that relevant technical strategies, policies, standards and practices are applied correctly.  To support presales activities by showing confidence and an ability to gather requirements in a structured fashion to enable a detailed picture of the solution to be constructed at an architectural level.  To be able and interested in defining solutions in a detailed way as well as at a higher bigpicture level.  Participating in the Ixxus Architecture Review Board to provide advice and considered opinion in peer review situations.  To be an ambassador, internally and externally, for the company, its values and its culture Key skills / experience:  Java / JEE / Spring  Document Management / Web Content Management / Enterprise Content Management  Database apps experience: Oracle / SQL Server / Postgres / MySQL  XML and MarkLogic  Clientfacing roles Interview Slots  NEW