Title: Application Architect (MS BI) London ****k
Webindex: 72447838
Company: Computer People
Description: Our client are currently seeking an application architect with experience in developing large scale Business Intelligence (BI) solutions. You must have BI Architect/lead designer experience with Microsoft BI tools (SQL Server, SSAS, OLAP, MDX, SSIS, SSRS). Working as part of a business facing team you will design OLAP cubes and reporting solutions with MS SQL Server infrastructure and make a key technical contribution to projects which are delivered by companies internal development teams and outsourcing partners. You should have the technical vision to provide a diverse range of solution and design patterns and ensure that they hold. You should also demonstrate the necessary leadership and expertise to help establish and drive best practice. With a particular emphasis on the design of Business Intelligence and Webbased solutions, this excellent opportunity will allow you to gain experience in a diverse range of technologies and environments. You will also be required to play a handson development role in a variety of prototyping and R D projects, defining scope and objectives, exploring various design patterns and demonstrating the ability of your technology choices to deliver against requirements. Main Accountabilities  Work closely with Product Management during the definition of business requirements in product development projects  Prototype requirements and produce specifications documentation  Design OLAP Cubes including: o MDX Scripting o Data modelling  Design and building of Excel Services and Reporting Services reports and dashboards  Maintenance of the local cube building infrastructure  Ensure that the appropriate design patterns and standards are used in developments. Establish key governance around design issues.  Provide highlevel designs, logical data models, cube models and design patterns for specific projects.  Where necessary, lead or coown the physical design deliverables with project team development lead(s)  Provide design support and consultancy to project leads and developers during the development lifecycle.  Liaison with development teams and project managers  Review / Approve specification and design documentations  Produce formal reviews of solutions implementation. The role will be based in London and will pay the right candidate around ****k per annum  benefits This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApplicationArchitectMSBILondon****k_job****