Title: Desktop Engineer Team Leader
Webindex: 68628690
Company: Capita
Description: Desktop Team Leader Location: Basingstoke Salary: ****  **** The role is responsible for leading a team of desktop engineers to meet the required service levels and the future business needs. The team is the secondary point of contact for all desktop related incidents logged through the Service Desk. The team leader role relies on the management of technicians delivering exceptional customer service and liaising between users and third parties to deliver desktop support within the local and regional desktop environments The Team Leader role is primarily based in Basingstoke with the requirement to visit local and regional offices as necessary. The primary objective of the team is to ensure minimum disruption to the Client Desktop environment as a result of any technical issue; return to normal service is priority. The Team Leader will ensure the technicians carry out investigations into systems, respond to user incidents, install hardware and make appropriate adjustments and work to documented process and abide by all policies. Additionally the Team Leader will provide performance and progress reports to the Service Manager PRINCIPLE ACCOUNTABILITES Manage resources in the desktop engineering team Ensure the team follow procedures and processes at all times Diagnose cases and enter accurate details into Clarify Pass cases to the correct resolving groups if necessary Monitor cases and ensure SLA's are adhered to To respond to and resolve >90% of cases received into the desktop Clarify queue with SLA. To resolve and close cases to user/business satisfaction To update customers on status of cases To follow Compliance and audit guidelines To keep management informed of outstanding problems and projects Carry out system changes and enhancements as required following the Change Control process Management of changes and allocation of resources as necessary Follow IT security processes Offer ideas for team improvement Maintain Second Line documentation as required Manage desktop testing as required Any other duties deemed required as part of the day to day role and project work. Essential skills and experience Previous track record of working within a Desktop Team leader role Proven track record as a hands on Desktop Engineer In depth (MCSE standard) Windows (XP/****/****xx) O/S with proven working knowledge of Active Directory Proven working knowledge of Incident Management tools PC and printer hardware skills Desirable skills and experience MCSE/MCITP certified ITIL certified Personal Attributes The principal attributes are of a Customer Focused nature within a security conscious organisation requiring the candidate to hold a current SC clearance or above. The individual should maintain a consistent emphasis on Customer Service and Security even during periods of stress and pressure. Technical literacy is essential with specialist knowledge within desktop support being a prerequisite. Initiative and the ability to deal with all levels of the organisation are considered of equal importance. Similarly, a smart and presentable image is essential. The individual should deliver premium customer service and the ability to bring forward ideas to improve levels of service is an advantage. Previous experience in a team leader role would be an advantage. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.