Title: Software Engineer, Developer, Programmer  C, Net, MVC, SQL
Webindex: 63859546
Company: IT Ventures
Description: Software Engineer, C Developer  C, .net, MVC, SQL, HTML, CSS Manchester Agency/Digital/Marketing/New Media I am recruiting for a market leading organisation in central Manchester, who are looking to add **** software Engineers (C.net, MVC, SQL) to their **** strong development team. The company are experiencing rapid growth due to a recent merger and an influx of new clients and require mid level and senior developers. This is a company focused on delivering quality solutions using source control, continuous integration with full TDD and have a dedicated team of testers. The successful Software Engineer (C, MVC, SQL) will be working on commercial web based projects in a fast paced environment that supports their developers in gaining excellent experience and offering training which will allow them to progress. The Successful Software Engineer (C, MVC, SQL, Javascript) will be working on industry leading projects and will demonstrate a real passion for their work, an appreciation of quality code and a desire to take ownership of projects. This is an environment where Software Engineers (C, MVC, SQL, Javascript) can share ideas/knowledge and have autonomy in the way they work. Core skills for the Software Engineer C.net SQL server/TSQL Database design HTML CSS Javascript MVC TDD is preferred Git My client offer a progressive environment and have a structured approach to reviews and promotions which ensures that ambitious Software Engineers (C, MVC, SQL, Javascript) will be able to fast track their career within a company that offers training and long term career opportunities. The ideal Software Engineer x **** (C, MVC, SQL, Javascript) will have strong communication skills and be used to working as part of a team of developers within the full life cycle of development. This is an excellent opportunity to join a leading organisation which will offer the best in learning and career opportunities while ensuring a constant flow of exciting development projects and the chance to take ownership of your work. Click apply and send your CV today or email Sian. Software Engineer, C Developer  C, .net, MVC, SQL, HTML, CSS Manchester, Cheshire, Great Manchester Agency/Digital/Marketing/New media