Title: Data Analyst  VBA/SQL
Webindex: 72546825
Company: Adept
Description: Data Analyst (Fixed Term: Circa. 14 Months) West Yorkshire The Client: Operating within the utilities sector, our Client is one of the leading distribution businesses in the UK, supplying more than 3.6 million locations from Northumberland to North Lincolnshire. Our Client also operates a successful meter rental business. The Opportunity: Embracing new technology and sustainable resources, our Client is investing in a highly ambitious and exciting IT / business change programme to replace their electrical asset information systems. Our Client is looking for motivated and experienced Data Analysts to help them deliver the programme over the next two years. This is a fantastic opportunity to develop knowledge and experience of the new asset information systems and their links with other corporate systems, as well as influencing how they maximise their investment in their electrical assets. The Data Analyst will be part of a team who play a critical role in the implementation of a new Oracle enterprise Asset Management (eAM) and Oracle Spatial system within our Clients Company. Key responsibilities include extracting, cleansing and synchronising a wide range of asset data relating to our Clients electrical distribution system. As a Data Analyst you will be responsible for ensuring that data from existing corporate systems and data from other disparate systems is cleansed and prepared for migration into a new asset information system that consolidates all data sources. Key Responsibilities: Reporting to the Data Quality Lead, the key responsibilities of the Data Analyst will include: Defining and documentation of data quality standards and carrying out data profiling exercises. Implementing mechanisms for integrating data from multiple sources, along with the appropriate metadata to ensure meaningful integration of the data. Providing assurance that the Company data will be stored in data structures that are secure, recoverable, sharable and reusable and that the data is as correct, timely, relevant and usable as required by all user groups. Data mining, manipulating and cleansing high volume / complex data to predefined quality standards. Extracting and analysing data contained within our Clients existing corporate systems (asset registers and geographic information systems). Extracting and analysing data contained within other disparate systems, including paper records, spreadsheets and databases. Identifying and generating unique asset keys / identifiers across data sources. Synchronising and merging data sources to identify conflicts and determine single sources of data for mapping to the new asset information system. Harmonising and rationalising data sources. Preparing data into a flat file format in preparation for data conversion. Reviewing exceptions during data conversions. Liaising with the Data Conversion Lead, wider data modelling team and third party suppliers responsible for the system integration. Collaboration with DBA s and suppliers in the definition and documentation of the sourcetotarget mappings and data transformation designs or ongoing data movement, cleansing, and integration. Developing data quality and cleansing metrics and providing progress updates to the wider project team on a weekly basis. Support database implementation and change management in the development and test environments. Create and maintain test data sets. Supporting Business data stewards and other subject matter experts (SME s) in the validation of the correct implementation of data requirements through user acceptance testing. Contribute to the development of effective documentation. The Individual: Ideally, the successful Data Analyst will be degree qualified in an IT, engineering or analytical related subject (preferred but not essential). Data Analysts will be required to work in a fast paced environment, with significant executive focus throughout. An understanding of the electricity distribution network and its relationship with customers would be advantageous but not essential. Key Competencies, Skills and Experience include: Excellent skills in the following areas: Microsoft Office Applications (including Access, Excel, PowerPoint), VBA, SQL and PL/SQL. An analytical mind and keen attention to detail. Ability to interpret and manipulate large volumes of complex data. Ability to articulate complex or technical problems to nontechnical managers. Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Scheduling, prioritisation and task delivery skills. Knowledge of Data Management best practices, ETL tools and methods would be an advantage. Knowledge of Oracle enterprise Asset Management and/or Oracle Spatial would be an advantage. Knowledge of the electricity industry would be an advantage. The Benefits: Prorata salary circa ****  **** per annum (dependent upon qualifications and experience)