Title: UK Head of Sales
Webindex: 68351781
Description: Head of Sales for a Software Technology Consultancy, **** **** Thames Valley If you feel this role is not suitable for yourself, but you know someone who is, then I kindly ask that you pass this onto them. I am delighted to represent this boutique Consultancy who is a leading source of workplace advice, sales, information and software engineering. Currently looking to appoint a Senior Manager to Head business. I am interested in speaking to anyone who is Senior Manager to a Consultancy Sales Team and who has had a software technology background. Key Skills:  A highly motivated and creative sales performance senior manager, with a successful track record of Heading Up the generating of revenue for organisations that are looking to grow.  Tested and proven business leader with a flair for quickly spotting opportunities in sales process, and opportunities for growth in new and existing markets.  Bold enough to challenge conventional sales thinking and to make strategic decisions that increase sales revenue whilst creating working environments that ensure under performing sales divisions become super achievers.  Looking for a passionate business leader who can sell from day one You will be tasked with growth and to maintain the sales team whilst managing strategic growth for the business alongside the executives and Managing Directors. This is a challenging role and will require someone with great Sales Management experience and who has an innovative approach to strategy. Consultancy experience is essential. To apply for the position of UK Head of Sales, you will need to demonstrate the following:  Excellent Consultancy experience  Bold enough to challenge conventional sales thinking  Excellent sales background managing a sales team  To make strategic decisions that increase sales revenue whilst creating working environments that ensure under performing sales divisions become super achievers.  Ability to develop business and secure and expand upon client offerings  Your previous background will have included any mixture of roles including Sales, Technology and Business Development.  Strong management experience  Excellent communication, negotiation and leadership  Ability to implement strategic plans This is a very exciting role for someone looking to make their mark on a boutique Consultancy working with Agile technology software. Please send a copy of your up to date CV in word with **** references. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Olivia Grist on **** I look forward to hearing from you. Kind regards, Olivia Grist 