Title: eCRM Project Manager (SQL Server)
Webindex: 67652287
Company: Support Services Group
Description: Title: eCRM / Data Project Manager Location: London Salary: up to **** Skills: SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2008, SSIS, ASP.Net, C, TSQL, Prince **** Agile, Scrum, eCRM, A unique opportunity has arisen for an IT Professional to take the next step in their career and join a multiple award winning digital agency as an eCRM Project Manager. You will come from a background in software development, database development or web development with a solid understanding of relational databases, in particular SQL Server 2005 or SQL Server 2008 R2. The ideal candidate will have experience of working across multiple projects concurrently, relish the challenge of working in a fast paced environment and be able to prioritise their work effectively. Our client is a multiple award winning agency who work with an impressive customer base across the globe in a friendly and professional manner. This is a genuinely unique opportunity which will give the successful candidate the chance to develop into a fully fledged Project Manager working on some of London s most prestigious eCRM Projects. Working on behalf of a new and exciting client with global offices, the suitable eCRM Project Manager must have first class written skills to build work packages with the ability to work under pressure in a dynamic environment. Training will be provided in Project Management methodologies. The eCRM Project Manager will be working across a number of internal teams, including the SQL Server Database Development team, the ASP.Net / C Web Development team, the TSQL Production team, the Email Design team and the Database / Integration team to ensure that all projects meet client specifications. The current SQL Project Managers have worked their way up into the Project Management roles from the SQL Server Development team, and therefore all new and existing Project Managers are required to have technical competency in SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2008, TSQL, stored procedures, triggers, and ideally knowledge of SSIS. Timescales on each project vary from client to client, however these could range from 1 week to 6 months depending on the scope of work. To be considered, the eCRM Project Manager should have proven experience in most of the following: SQL Server development knowledge / experience (TSQL, SSIS etc) Proficiency in MS Project **** / 2010, MS Excel and SharePoint Prince 2 / Agile and /or Scrum methodology experience (not essential) MS development experience, i.e. ASP.Net / C (not essential) Excellent communication skills Any experience in Project Management environment would be considered advantageous although not essential as training will be provided. This is truly a unique opportunity that would suit someone looking for the next challenge in their career. With your hard work, commitment and dedication to this role, the successful eCRM Project Manager can expect a salary of up to **** regular appraisals, ongoing development and training plus the opportunity to develop their career with a company that genuinely encourages people to realise their goals. Apply now for an initial consultation Service 1st Recruitment Ltd operates & advertises as an Employment Agency for permanent positions and as an Employment Business for contract/temporary positions