Title: 1st Line Support Engineer with recent HTML experience
Webindex: 72242646
Company: E PERSONNEL LIMITED
Description: Our client is seeking a 1st Line Support Engineer with recent HTML experience to join their staff. This is a permanent role based in Leatherhead and is paying **** ****k Main Duties: Assist with managing support queries in the support system Act as 1st point of contact with licensees, direct clients and resellers regarding reporting and resolution of support cases Resolving queries from clients and licensees (e.g. configuration/general queries, requests to backup database, requests to move sites) Communication by phone and email of time estimates and cost for cases. Investigate support queries re coding/database manipulation. Escalate cases to 2nd line if unable to offer a resolution. Proactively keep clients updated on the progress of their support cases. Key attributes: Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Knowledge of HTML and CSS Ability to prioritise and multitask work given to you. Good time management skills who pays attention to detail. Good problem solving skills with the ability to work using your own initiative. Confidence to work and communicate across all audiences in a professional manner. Understanding of XML and XSLT. Understanding of JavaScript an advantage. Understanding of Employee Benefits. Apply in the strictest of confidence to Epersonnel Recruitment, based in Leatherhead, **** High Street, Surrey. Epersonnel  Specialists in Permanent Temporary Recruitment, including; Administration, Executives Professionals, Secretarial PA, Accounts Finance, Graduate opportunities, Human Resources, Recruitment Consultancy, Sales Marketing, Customer Service, Legal, Procurement, Oil Gas positions, Pensions, Charity opportunities, and PartTime positions. Thank you for showing your interest in Epersonnel. Please be aware that we may have had a high volume of responses regarding this opportunity. Should your application be successful, you will be contacted shortly. Visit our new website www.epersonnel.co.uk  from the website you can follow us on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/1stLineSupportEngineerwithrecentHTMLexperience_job****