Title: iOS Developer Apps iPhone OO  London to ****K
Webindex: 68180027
Company: Emponics Limited
Description: About Client Client is one of the largest worldwide social networks with offices in London Soho Position Description As Senior iOS Developer, you will own and drive technical projects from specification through to delivery and beyond i.e. monitoring, reporting optimization. You will be working with a highly experienced team of iOS Developers where you will both teach and learn, in an innovative and fastpaced, Agile environment. You will be responsible for various high profile projects crucial to the company s success, using cuttingedge opensource technologies, building highperformance systems. This is a handson role where you will be expected to analyze specifications, design implementations and write code and test cases. You consider yourself a perfectionist at the top of your game, and get a buzz from doing more than is expected. Responsibilities/ Job Role:  Design, development, debugging, monitoring and maintenance of the clients iPhone app Education/Qualifications:  Related degree, i.e Computer Science Experience:  Extensive experience of iOS Development  An impressive portfolio of live apps in the App Store  Advanced iOS SDK / Objective C  Understanding ability to leverage iOS features  Good understanding of design patterns Object Orientated Programming  Experience of Three**** UI library, Facebook integration  Enthusiastic about AGILE/Scrum  Knowledge of other programming languages an advantage: Java, PHP, JavaScript  Knowledge of tracking, analytics, remote reporting  Consumer facing, mass market, networked, highvolume/performance applications Personal Characteristics:  Selfmotivated and ability to achieve deadlines and work independently  You`ll love to write clean, reusable code and have a passion for mobile development inside and outside of the office.  Solid communication skills and teamworking capability.  Positive and logical approach together with willingness to learn.  Attention to detail and a passion for quality  Enthusiastic and fun to work with. A desire to work with a young, fresh, social digital brand As well as enjoying competitive salaries, workers have the added benefit of private healthcare, generous holidays, company pension, gym subsidy etc in a fantastic working environment . You are also safe in the knowledge that you are working at one of the worlds most exciting tech startups. Life there is both fast paced and chilled out. They dress casually and have employees in London, Moscow and the US . HQ is in the heart of trendy Soho, London and the office is light filled and spacious with a wellstocked kitchen.