Title: Delivery Project Manager
Webindex: 66922423
Company: Accenture
Description: As a Project Manager you will be project managing one or more Systems Development projects to realise maximum benefit for customers through planning, estimating, managing and delivering, (to time, budget, and quality) Key features of the role. Successful applicants will be assigned to projects roles, across a wide variety of industry sectors, including financial services, hightechnology and communications, utilities, government and retail. The role will involve spending a large proportion of time at client sites so flexibility with work location is essential. Key responsibilities may include: Identify client needs and develop the commercial proposal to meet their business requirements. Provide client teams with a single point of contact for project delivery. Utilise proven project management tools and processes to ensure project quality/control. Plan, estimate, manage and deliver to time and budget one or more projects within a program to realize maximum benefit for a customer with minimized risk. Manage the direction, priorities, scope and plan for one or more projects, potentially including a number of 3rd parties, to realise maximum benefit for a customer. Identify, analyse, mitigate and proactively respond to project, financial and operational risks; both real and anticipated. Sustain an environment that facilitates high performance and motivates individuals to work collaboratively as a team to achieve project/team goals to realise value for a customer. Manage the tracking and reporting on key solution delivery metrics for one or more projects. Encourage professional development of individuals and apply sound measurement and feedback techniques to manage and optimize individual and team contributions. Communicate project status effectively and appropriately to convey key messages and escalate issues as appropriate. Manage the continuous review and improvement of software development processes to maximise the quality of products and services. Recognise, support and capitalise on individual differences in workstyles, personalities, cultures and values to maximise team performance and effectively achieve personal and team goals. Closing date for applications is 28th February 2013. Accenture reserves the right to close the role prior to this date should a suitable applicant be found. Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity