Title: Business Systems Manager  IT Manager  West Suffolk
Webindex: 72160893
Company: Ifftner Solutions
Description: Business Systems Manager  IT Manager  West Suffolk We have an exciting opportunity for a Business Systems Manager to lead the technology estate in a fast growing services company. The client is embarking on a serious investment in Technology over the next 3 years. It is expected that Technology will play a key role in business efficiencies and business innovation. The technology investment includes the implementation of a new CRM system (Salesforce, MS Dynamics, SugarCRM or similar) and the Executive Team are keen that this post holder should play a pivotal role in appreciating the functionality of the new application as a means of driving business improvement. The role involves leading and supporting all aspects of an IT System (although Infrastructure Support is carried out by a third party) including: promoting championing new technology within the company with external and internal stakeholders; identifying opportunities for technology and process improvements; ensuring all systems follow industry and best practise; keeping up to date with the latest advances in IT (new technologies, new best practices etc.); capable of demonstrating ways in which the utilisation of technology has delivered positive business benefit coupled with an inquisitive mind that needs to know more' are possibly the key attributes for this role. Clear communication skills are essential to succeed in this role as is the ability to influence non IT related colleagues and customers. Experience of setting and controlling an IT related budget that can cope with both normal operating costs and project activity would be valuable. We are able to consider a wide range of backgrounds and experience in IT in order to secure the best person for our customer. Some of the following would clearly be useful: some experience in systems management; an understanding about how to gain the optimal performance from existing and new infrastructure and systems; proven background in leading small projects or implementing new business systems; has a passion for technology; experience of deploying new systems across multiple sites; experience of data migration and data cleansing experience; a track record of delivering business benefit; managing 3rd parties; organised and conscientious; strong communication skills; and the ability to build effective working relationships. Anglia IT is part of the Ifftner Solutions Group.