Title: eCommerce Business Analyst (Agile, SDLC, Net)
Webindex: 72127199
Company: Streamline Connections
Description: eCommerce Business Analyst (Agile, SDLC, .Net)  Luton  Permanent  ****k circa  Bonus  Benefits Are you an experienced eCommerce Business Analyst (Agile, SDLC, .Net) looking for a new challenge? If so then this is the role for you, my client operate one the largest eCommerce sites in Europe, technology is very much the forefront of the client and due to continued success are looking to add eCommerce Business Analysts (Agile, SDLC, .Net) to their team. The eCommerce Business Analyst (Agile, SDLC, .Net) will act as the key point of contact between IT and the Business, will gather requirements, deliver change and manage multiple projects at any one time. You will have a flexible approach and have significant experience of using structured analysis and methodical approaches (Agile/Scrum  ESSENTIAL), with a proven background of working in a highly transactional Agile development environment (.Net). You will have excellent communication skills and have the ability to work with pioneering new approaches/tools and technologies going forward. In return the successful eCommerce Business Analyst (Agile, SDLC, .Net) can expect to receive a comprehensive base salary, bonus (circa 20%), healthcare, pension and numerous other benefits. Most importantly the eCommerce Business Analyst (Agile, SDLC, .Net) will join one of the most dynamic and innovative organisations of our generation. This is a great career move for anyone looking to work in a fast paced, highly transactional company. For more information on the eCommerce Business Analyst (Agile, SDLC, .Net) please send your CV in the first instance to simon.wrightscrec.co.uk in the first instance. I will contact you to discuss straight away. eCommerce Business Analyst (Agile, SDLC, .Net)  Luton  Permanent  ****k circa  Bonus  Benefits This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/eCommerceBusinessAnalystAgileSDLCNet_job****