Title: Network and Security Engineer
Webindex: 68672302
Company: SRGEurope
Description: SRGEurope have been appointed to recruit a Network and Security Engineer to work for one of our major clients, a leading Online Gaming company based in Gibraltar. Our client is a company who are going from strength to strength and over the last year have grown significantly due to the launch of their highly successful products into several new territories. At the centre of this company's success is technology, this is the opportunity for an ambitious Network and Security Engineer to join a team who are always seeking to expand their technical knowledge base. This Network and Security Engineer role is central to delivering a robust information systems environment to attract and retain customers. The successful candidate will be responsible for: The implementation and operation of the data/voice communication network. Implementing, managing and monitoring the companies' WAN links and bandwidth consumption. Implementing, managing and monitoring the companies Security infrastructure. Implementing managing and monitoring of IPSec VPN tunnels interconnecting all the facilities. Responsible for the management and monitoring of the companies DLP infrastructure. Conducting threat and vulnerability assessments across systems, applications and network, and ensure compliance with corporate security standards. Responsible for the management of SSL Certificate infrastructure (Verisign) Ensuring that all implementations maintain the best practices within network and security industry. Been available out of hours for 3rd level Escalation of production issues per the Escalation Policy If this is the kind of opportunity that you have been waiting for then you will need to following commercial experience and knowledge: Substantial experience designing managing Cisco LAN/WAN networks (BGP, HSRP, ACLs, VLAN, Spanning Tree) Substantial knowledge and experience in managing CheckPoint firewalls. Substantial knowledge and experience in managing Juniper/Netscreen firewalls. Good understanding of security standards. Good understanding of DLP systems. Proven experience in an environment to high workloads and multiple changing priorities are the norm Proven ability to solve problems and issues at all levels. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Ability to prioritise work load. Demonstrated documentation skills Understand and drive initiatives to support change control and Capacity planning and operational integrity. Happy to travel Ideally but not essentially you will have one or more of the following qualifications and certifications Cisco CCNP or CCNA CheckPoint CCSA Netscreen JNCIA Educated to degree level ideally in a computer related subject. If you have the above skills and experience and think this opportunity is for you then please apply now for immediate consideration and an immediate callback. Skills: | CISCO | Juniper | LAN | WAN | BGP | HSRP | ACLs | VLAN | Checkpoint | Netscreen | SSL | ISPec | VPN | DLP | This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NetworkandSecurityEngineer_job****