Title: BI Designer
Webindex: 68710740
Company: Co operative Food
Description: Are you technically astute with high levels of attention to detail and enjoys solving complex design problems?  Development of MetaData Layer in MicroStrategy Architect for use by BI Content Developers building reports and dashboards.  Creation of business facing abstraction layer to shield business users from the complexity of the underlying data sources.  Own and manage development and change lifecycles for above layer to ensure changes are developed and implemented without affecting BAU.  Act as design authority and subject matter expert for the BI function on capability and best practice design and implementation.  Design and manage collection of MetaData structures aligned to Cooperative business architecture, for key lines of business (e.g. Commercial, Operations, Finance etc.)  Creation and maintenance of documented designs for all MetaData Structures.  Creation and collaborative development of BI Data Dictionary and Data Provenance/Lineage mapping to ensure meaning and master sources of Attributes, Metrics and Derived Data Items can be understood by wider function and business users.  Ensure preferred vendor technology roadmap is regularly reviewed and any potential technology led benefits highlighted for BI Strategy and planning purposes. When you join the Cooperative Group as BI Designer you will be joining a business that is growing and growing. Our success all based on a simple, but massively important principle – a fair deal for everyone. In this role you will design and develop the MetaData Architecture and Semantic Layer of the Business Intelligence Environment. Creating an abstraction layer between complex underlying data structures within Data Warehouse/Other Business Systems and the BI Content Development teams. Ensuring the integrity and sustainability of the MetaData layer through optimisation processes, governance use of design principles built around enterprise information architecture best practice. To do this successfully you’ll need  Excellent Knowledge of Business Intelligence Technologies and Design Principles.  Experience of Development or Systems Administration using a Top5 recognised BI Toolset.  Experience of complex BI cube, report or MetaData build/change.  Good knowledge of performance tuning SQL and building of logic statements for derivation and transformation of data.  To demonstrate an appreciation of mathematical functions and statistical techniques and building nested functions. Additional Skills Knowledge, desirable not essential…  Experience of working with MicroStrategy 9.0 onwards, development of reports, cubes and MetaData structures.  A MicroStrategy Certification  A general appreciation of Food BI Strategy and **** year plan  Good working knowledge of the Food business operation  Proficient working knowledge of Food business technologies This role would suit someone who…  Is Technically astute with high level of attention detail  Enjoys solving complex design problems  Works towards the optimum solution rather than the first solution that presents itself. Adverse to short cuts and tactical workarounds.  Can consider the enterprise systemwide impact of design changes.  Appreciates the need for an enterprise scale approach to BI as opposed to Excel and Access based approach.  Enjoys working with logic, data, SQL and formulae. If you’re a BI Designer who enjoys solving complex design problems and you’re keen to join our rapidly expanding ethical family of businesses, we can offer you great benefits including development opportunities, pension and discounts. Which makes you wonder, shouldn’t we all work this way? This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BIDesigner_job****