Title: Infrastructure Analyst/ SQL Server DBA  Permanent Dynamics AX
Webindex: 72326223
Description: Infrastructure Analyst/ SQL Server DBA  Permanent  Bristol  Dynamics AX DGH Recruitment is recruiting on behalf of a a leading international law firm based in Bristol, the Infrastructure Analyst (Database Administration) will support the operating system and associated subsystems, maintaining the firms SQL and Oracle Database Infrastructure, ensuring configurations, installations, upgrades, backups, performance and optimization procedures are followed accurately. The Infrastructure Analyst will have the following knowledge and technical skills: Experience with Relational Database MS SQL. Proficient working knowledge of Sqlserver DBA tasks. Applications such as Dynamics AX which employ a multitier architecture. Experience and Knowledge of Web Server, intranet and Internet technology. Experience in SQL Reporting Services, SSIS and SQL Clusters desirable. Thorough working knowledge of Sqlserver Problem analysis, Query optimization and Performance Tuning. Experience of MS SQL server architecture. Expert in writing and optimizing TSQL code. The Infrastructure Analyst responsibilities will include: Support and maintaining a server infrastructure, comprising Server ****/**** Active Directory, SMS, MOM, Messaging, Clustering, Vitalisation and Citrix. Able to demonstrate a good working knowledge of high level AD administration including Security policy implementations and restrictions. Desirable requirements: Experience within a Legal environment would be beneficial but not essential. Experience of supporting other legal IT systems such as Elite and InterAction. Business Qualifications  e.g. ITIL Infrastructure Analyst/ SQL Server DBA  Permanent  Bristol  Dynamics AXIn accordance with the Employment Agencies and Employment Businesses Regulations **** this position is advertised based upon DGH Recruitment Limited having first sought approval of its client to find candidates for this position. DGH Recruitment Limited acts as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business