Title: SQL Reports Developer  SSRS
Webindex: 68696952
Company: Modis
Description: Overview: As a SQL Server Reports Developer you will be specialising in the presentation and reporting side of the SQL BI development work, and will rely heavily on strong TSQL skills, and solid experience using SSRS. You will be developing tools and solutions to deal with large quantities of data. Experience using SSRS is essential, and previous experience with Sharepoint or Powerpoint would also be a real advantage, but is not essential as full training can be provided. The Company: A respected and well established company is again growing one of its inhouse teams because of continued success and expertise within the market. They are investing heavily in their BI capability for 2013, and there has never been a better time to join and get involved in the design and development work. The company is also a Microsoft partner and an 'Investor in people', providing excellent scope for progression with a forward thinking and technology driven company. The Role: The role is project based, working on inhouse systems, with projects normally lasting 23 months, and typically done with teams of 2 or 3 developers. Any applicant must be a strong team player, and will have the chance to become a valued member of the team. The nature of the role also offers a great opportunity to expand an existing skill set from working on a variety of medium and short term projects. The Skills: In depth knowledge of SQL Server 2005/**** In depth knowledge of SQL Server Reporting Services: SSRS Strong working knowledge of Excel Knowledge of Sharepoint or Performancepoint Proven experience developing high performance and robust TSQL queries for large volume data, Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers, etc. Ability to identify and fix functional and processing issues for Optimisation, including Database Design, Schema Issues, Key, Indexes, Constraints, Performance tuning understanding of index strategies Participate in the design development of new reporting systems. Good communication and interpersonal skills (mainly internal), requirement gathering is definitely part of the job. Knowledge or experience of SSIS, SSAS or Data Warehousing is an advantage, as this is varied role, although ongoing training will be provided to develop using the SQL Server skill set. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SQLReportsDeveloperSSRS_job****