Title: SAP Analyst  Demand Chain
Webindex: 68495339
Company: 7 Fifty Two Solutions Ltd
Description: Key Responsibilities: Provide support for the SAP systems used by . oDiagnose problems and restore service promptly to system users. oWork with system users, other members of the IS Department, software vendors, and service providers in project environments and also to resolve problems. oCarry out assigned activities during system releases, system upgrades and the application of SAP Hot Packs and system fixes. Partner with the key business contacts to understand main business issues/opportunities. oIdentify and implement technical solutions where appropriate to increase business efficiency and effectiveness. oIdentify and prioritise opportunities with key business stakeholders. oAnalyse user requirements; plan and complete approved development projects in partnership with business users (technical, IS cost and development/testing schedule responsibility). oEnsure effective management of the small projects. oManage relationships with business, external suppliers of software, technical support and other services to achieve project objectives. oEngage crossfunctional teams as needed to ensure effective implementation of projects. Provide expertise on SAP functionality oThis role is a handson role that will require competency in the SAP SD functionality and CRM TPM module (Trade Promotion Management). oDevelop SAP expertise within the Demand Chain team. oIdentify areas for future exploration/implementation. Assist the business in better utilisation of the SAP functionality oEvaluate opportunities for broad use versus country specific implementations. oPartner with the business and facilitate the knowledge transfer of information. oImplement sustainable training strategies in the Business Units. oParticipate in other company initiatives as required in support of business strategy. Other rolerelated information oRole is based in Uxbridge UK but may include occasional International travel. oHours of work may vary to meet operational needs (occasional participation in outofhours SAP support; adjust working hours to liaise with team members and end users in other parts of the world) The Candidate Required: Qualifications/Skills/Experience Graduate or equivalent qualification Industryrelevant business experience in a Demand Chain function SAP implementation and support experience in more than one complete life cycle of a project Configuration experience in SAP SD Module Experience in working with CRM TPM (Trade Promotion Management) module Experience of SAP version ****c or **** A good understanding of the integration points with other modules (ie MM and FI) Appreciation of overall SAP software architecture Desired: Qualifications/Skills/Experience Experience of working in an International business environment, preferably within an international single instance SAP environment. Knowledge and understanding of taxation and international trading models. Competence in a second language. SAP Academy certification (If Certification has not been achieved prior to joining, the candidate will be encouraged to sit Certification exam within a reasonable time from date of joining). Experience in mySAP ERP (ECC ****) Understanding of Project Management techniques Required: Work Attributes/Qualities Good working knowledge of English  both written and verbal Results oriented, team player. Good interpersonal skills  be able to deal and communicate effectively with systems colleagues and business users.