Title: Consulting Manager EMEA  IT Business Intelligence
Webindex: 69731745
Company: Integ Resource
Description: Consulting Manager EMEA  Volume Products, Systems & Channels Currently seeking a Consulting Manager to join a EMEA consulting team. The successful candidate will become a key member of a European team and will lead projects related to volume IT products, including PCs, tablets, monitors, consumer electronics and associated products and services. In addition the Consulting Manager will contribute analysis to projects which span technology areas Responsibilities: The job will focus on regional and global projects for IT clients. For volume products the successful candidate will work with the sales team and the customer base to scope projects that meet customer needs. The successful candidate will partner with the internal analysts and project management teams to deliver these projects to a high level of quality and timeliness. More generally the successful candidate will assist in the delivery of projects outside of the volume products area, supporting colleagues with research and analysis. MAIN DUTIES: The successful candidate will: Act as an advisor to customers who have strategic, gotomarket or planning needs in the volume products area. Support business development by scoping projects with sales and customers and contributing to proposal development and presenting to clients. Act as a content expert on volume products for consulting projects. Lead teams of analysts and consultants delivering projects throughout the project lifecycle. Manage resources effectively to deliver projects. Ensure customer satisfaction is maintained. Contribute research and analysis to projects across the IT and telecoms market. Qualifications: The successful candidate will have a strong understanding of the IT industry, gained in a consultancy, within an IT vendor or channel partner. This knowledge will include an understanding of the main dynamics in the industry and enable the successful candidate to provide guidance on how market trends affect IT vendors and how they should develop their strategies. More specifically the successful candidate will have an understanding of some or all volume products (excluding printing and imaging products) including product trends, pricing, marketing and sales strategies, distribution channels and other areas related to volume products. Strong analytical skills and writing ability are required for this position as well as the ability to present proposals and project findings to senior audiences. The majority of projects are done in teams which are often cross geography and expertise area therefore the successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the ability to work with a wide range of colleagues in nonhierarchical groups. Candidates will have the right to work within the European Union.