Title: Microsoft BI Developer  SSIS
Webindex: 69041506
Company: Venturi
Description: SSIS, ETL, TSQL, Microsoft BI, SQL Server, SSRS, Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence A Microsoft BI Developer with good SSIS and TSQL is needed for an Microsoft Gold Partner that specialises in high end Business Intelligence solutions. This award winning client is looking for somone with at least two years of good SSIS experience and with excellent TSQL. Although initially your role will be focused on complex ETL this role will give you the chance to learn and use SSAS, dimensional modelling and data warehousing on their awardwinning solutions for major bluechip clients. As well as good ETL skills with SSIS you need to have developed on SQL Server 2005 up wards. You will learn to undertake data modelling and database design, development and support to their clients. This is a growing company and this is an excellent chance to progress you career and become a subject matter expert in BI and data warehousing. Key skills: SSIS TSQL and SQL Understanding of Dimensional modelling Nice to have MDX SSAS You will need to be an extremely good communicator. This role will suit a friendly and outgoing developer with excellent ability to problem solve. For this exciting and career building role my client can pay between ****k to ****k depending on experience. Key skills: SSIS, SQL Server, ETL, TSQL, BI developer, Business Intelligence Venturi is a staffing business dedicated to you, differentiating ourselves in the marketplace by quality of service and candidate delivery. Our highly skilled and experienced staff operate within dedicated markets to give you the best service possible. Venturi markets include Development Design, Business Intelligence, IT Infrastructure Support. Venturi operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/MicrosoftBIDeveloperSSIS_job****