Title: iOS developer iPHONE Objective C
Webindex: 68181426
Company: Asure Recruit
Description: iOS developer iPHONE Objective C Leading Entertainments company based in a busy vibrant area of London are searching for an iOS developer with the drive and determination to be part of a fun fantastic team. You will be part of a team, which is responsible for delivering major new Games and updating our current portfolio. An iOS developer you ll work with some of the most talented people in the social games industry in a fun and exciting environment. Making use of the latest technologies across a number of platforms, youLl be involved in the entire game development process from design, to concept, through to release. ResponsibilitiesDevelopment of new games and related features across the iOS platforms. Contribute to the evolvement of our existing games. Code Collaborate with others to deliver the best possible games e.g. Producers, Designers, Architects, Statisticians. Key Skills: EssentialA love of games Solid experience of developing non trivial apps released in the app store. Even more solid experience spent doing professional programming of which at least **** full year on iOS development. Strong proficiency in ObjectiveC. Good knowledge of web technologies and paradigms (JSON, Ajax, AMF, HTTP, REST) Knowledge of other Object Oriented programming languages and modern software design a plus (C++ / Java, design patterns, MVC, etc.) Desire to learn and share with other team members. Experience of a modern development IDE (e.g. Eclipse, FDT etc) Most important of all you need to love games Key Skills: DesirableKnowledge and understanding of OpenGL or OpenGL ES. Knowledge and understanding of parallel / concurrent programming (multithreading, concurrency, etc.) Knowledge and understanding of profiling tools and memory management. Experience of working on graphic rich, eye candy applications and / or games. Experience of working on social features and hot techs (Facebook SDK, Twitter integration, Flurry Analytics, Google Maps, Augmented Reality, Push Notifications, etc.)