Title: Agile Scrum Master  Java / Web Systems  Blue Chip
Webindex: 71855971
Company: Head Office
Description: Agile Scrum Master required with strong Agile Scrum Master skills, experience of complex enterprise Java server side systems or from a web systems / OO Programming background, combined with skills in team leadership, growing and facilitating the teams to deliver software products, mentoring to demonstrate Agile values, coordinating and facilitating daily stand up meetings, planning games, showcases, retrospectives, and are required by media giant in South West London / Middlesex. You will lead and facilitate a crossfunctional distributed development scrum that will be responsible for developing new functionality. You will work closely with business product leads, analysts, architects and other scrum teams in order to bring new functionality and technical improvements to market in tight timescales and working with cuttingedge Java and Open Source technologies. The right candidate will have a proven track record in: Certified Scrum Master or a consulting background in Agile methods. Achieving successful software product delivery. Maintaining visibility of the right uptodate information. Track agreed metrics on a regular basis. Growing and facilitating highly motivated and capable teams to deliver innovative software products. Establishing credibility with people very quickly. Facilitation, participatory decisionmaking and conflict resolution. Lighttouch leadership that employs a highly collaborative approach to guide people without controlling them but employing authority when the situation requires. Effective organization that reduces the amount of noise, distractions and interruptions. Mentoring skills that demonstrate the agile values and principles in every thought and action. Helping teams and individuals become agile through care, consideration and collaboration. Can demonstrate commercial awareness of the marketplace, and the challenges facing a business and the evolving role of new media technologies. Any experience of leading Scrum Teams on multiple sites would also be beneficial, as would software an understanding of software product development. This is an outstanding to work for a world leading company on one of their flagship products and a chance to further you Agile and Scrum Master skills within an established Agile environment. Ideal backgrounds would include customer facing web systems, high volume web from domains such as ecommerce, media, broadcast, internet companies, online betting, online travel, telecoms etc. Opus Resourcing acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent positions.