Title: Systems Engineer  New Media Sector
Webindex: 69032770
Company: Sony DADC
Description: SONY is one of the most recognized and respected brand names in the world. Sony is a leading manufacturer of premier, stateoftheart audio, video, communications and information technology products for the consumer and professional markets. Its creative music, motion picture, television, computer entertainment, and online businesses make Sony one of the most comprehensive entertainment companies for the broadband era. Sony DADC is the integrated provider of endtoend Supply Chain Solutions to our Customers across many industries including Entertainment, Consumer Electronics, Education, Marketing, Automotive and more. We are a global developer and provider of Bluray, BDLive, and Digital Distribution. We are currently searching for a Systems Engineer for our New Media Solutions division. The Systems Engineer will be responsible for supporting the design, implementation, and management of the systems that support the post production and distribution of digital content. This role will be part of a team of Systems Engineers and will report to the Senior Director of Technology and Infrastructure Manager. Roles and Responsibilities Member of Sony DA DC’s Technology Solutions team responsible for design, build out, implementation and operations technology powering Sony DADC’s New Media Solutions group Participate in the design, buildout and operations for infrastructure and server components of the New Media Solutions group – e.g. availability, functionality, performance, scalability, security, and reliability with realistic implementation schedules and adherence to architectural goals and principles Ensure that infrastructure and server capabilities support business and production systems objectives and key performance metrics Must be a team player, patient and always willing to assist no matter the problem After hours and oncall support will be required Skills/Experience Experience with in a System Engineering role. Specific focus on supporting heterogeneous environments (e.g. Linux, OS X, and Windows). Strong knowledge of Redhat Linux a plus Knowledge fabric and data networks including SAN switches and various network devices (e.g. firewalls, switches, etc). Intermediate to expert knowledge of RHEL **** and OS X Intermediate to expert knowledge of the Quantum Stornext filesystem (SNFS) and Xsan Intermediate to expert knowledge in at least one UNIX scripting shell Experience with server virtualization technologies (e.g. VMware, etc). Analytical and problem solving skills, particularly as it relates to network, infrastructure and systems design Strong interpersonal and team building skills Experience in the Media Entertainment (Broadcast and/or Post Production) industry preferred This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SystemsEngineerNewMediaSector_job****