Title: C ASPNet Developer London Agency
Webindex: 70676615
Company: Acceler IT Recruitment Consultancy
Description: Sitecore, CMS C, .NET, developer, MVC, XHTML, XSLT, TDD, Agile SENIOR .NET DEVELOPER The City, London ****k dependent upon Experience This excellent international growth agency based near Monument Station has a highly regarded reputation in the deployment of complex and cutting edge .NET platforms for blue chip clients and fast growth firms utilising Sitecore or Umbraco CMS. They offer unrivalled personal development within their close knit and eminently capable team for an experienced C .NET developer with previous experience of Sitecore or Umbraco. The Person They are looking for an experienced, hardcore ASP.NET/C Developer with previous experience of Sitecore or Umbraco CMS and the ability or desire to act as a Solution Architect eventually. A person who can ensure the superiority of both the code and the overall quality of our solutions, and who can engage in longstanding mutually beneficial relationships with clients as well as be a respected member of their happy and talented team that has grown organically when an opportunity to hire the right person has arisen. In addition they are looking for a person who can elegantly combine the elements of .NET/C (the technology), business awareness and project management. If you are familiar with Sitecore and/or Umbraco and/or ASP.NET MVC as well then you might just be the perfect candidate for them. The Highly Regarded Growth Company This international firm with a presence in Denmark and London are focused on .NET web development, be that CMS websites (Sitecore and Umbraco are our favourites) or custom built solutions (like ASP.NET MVC). We work with everything .NET and our days are filled with terms like OOP, Webservices, XHTML, LINQ, XSLT, TDD and Code Coverage. Their Clients Clients, small and large, in many sectors, for Blue Chip Clients and smaller companies too. If you would have liked to have seen some of these solutions on your CV then they may be the right place for you. Their People They are a small but growing team, an agile company with offices in London and Denmark, offering opportunities to work within both. They are passionate about delivering the right solution; combining real business benefits with the appropriate use of technology. This ethos is at the heart of everything they do. It s what they really believe. They also believe it should be your passion too. Would you like to face professional challenges, be part of a casual but serious environment with like minded and highly qualified technologists and at the same time be involved in a company where thinking and passion for the Work is fundamental in everything they do? Then Apply Now with your CV. Apply now for an immediate interview and a technical test with a view to starting as soon as possible. ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO LIVE AND WORK IN THE UNITED KINGDOM FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA S AND WORK PERMITS. Accelerit is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role.