Title: Regional Field Engineer (Avaya)
Webindex: 68635813
Description: Regional Field Engineer (Avaya) Location: London area (mobile) Salary: Up to **** The Capita Group Plc is the UK's leading business process outsourcing company. Our goal is simple  to help our diverse customer base of public and private sector clients improve service to their customers. At Capita Group we aim to attract, develop and retain talented people. As an employer we seek to ensure we invest in you for the long term. We've created an environment which empowers individuals and rewards performance as well as focusing on a healthy work life balance.Resolution of customer related service issues on Avaya Systems/Platforms/Adjuncts in order to ensure customer satisfaction. Technical condition of allocated sites including functionality, best practise, and software/hardware levels etc, ongoing relationship with key contacts at allocated sites including recorded proactive visits and audits, Provide Tier **** operational support Provide Tier **** **** resolutions of customer incidents within SLA, taking full ownership of an incident until resolution. Investigate and respond to alarms raised by monitoring tools on the supported systems. Ensure customer is kept informed at all stages of the incident resolution progress. Escalate calls to the vendor (Avaya) where necessary to help resolve incidents. Ensure that site specific documentation is updated and maintained to the required standard. Offer occasional support to the project area of the business Completion of remote and physical site audits in support of the sales team Pass the required NPPV **** Security Vetting procedure (Conducted by Warwickshire Police) Essential skills and experience Excellent customer service skills Ability to remain calm under pressure Significant  CM core product knowledge CM adjunct knowledge such as Audix, MM, CMS, UC, Op cons, OneX etc SME Core knowledge Basic data, networking and IP knowledge ACIS accreditation Work well within a team and be a team player Ability to command respect from engineers General knowledge of SIP and related products (Session Manager, SBC) Desirable skills and experience ACSS accreditation Voice Recording experience (Verint, Nice or Witness) CM Install or substantial Field Service experience SME Core product knowledge Experience of working within an ITIL environment Intermediate or advanced data, networking and IP knowledge/CCNA Microsoft Lync Personal Attributes Exercises self discipline to get tasks done in a professional manner. Takes responsibility for delivering quality results whilst adhering to CCT process. Demonstrates flexibility and integrity in dealing with difficult situations Develops positive working relationships with colleagues. Offers advice and assistance when required within and outside of their team. Encourages others to work as a team. Customer Focus Acts as an ambassador for the organisation. Takes personal responsibility for resolving problems and queries considering the impact on customers and escalates where appropriate. Manages expectations by explaining process. Communicates effectively orally and in writing. Is clear concise and easy to understand. Seeks others views and encourages contributions. Can translate technical issues into meaningful concepts. Is aware of requirement to demonstrate sensible cost management. Is not wasteful of company resources etc Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.