Title: CCIE Technical Consultant / Project Engineer – Luton, Bedfordshire
Webindex: 61812257
Company: Aria Select Ltd
Description: CCIE Technical Consultant / Project Engineer – Luton, Bedfordshire As one of Cisco's most highly valued UK Gold Partners, this is an excellent career move for an experienced CCIE to join a leading B2B technology firm. The company is one of the UK’s fastest growing communications and systems integrators delivering business communications solutions to both the public and private sector. The company is privately owned and has an enviable track record of growth and profitability with a solid reputation of consistently delivering service excellence. As an experienced CCIE Project Engineer , you will have ownership of the design and configuration of the company’s solutions for a wide range of customers. All systems designed by you must be technically appropriate, cost effective and profitable. Predominantly a technical presales appointment, the role demands a broad and detailed infrastructure technology background combined with business consulting skills. The ideal candidates are CCIE qualified technologists with in depth technical solutions design experience, who can understand the commercial and technical needs of a customer and can translate this into a design solution that meets the business drivers and cost requirements. Candidates will have held a technology consultant role within an SI or service provider and will have experience of delivering value propositions across all aspects of a business. A minimum of 5 years' industry experience is essential. Technical experience required: Experience of designing and owning architecture solutions. Networking, Data Centres, Security, Unified Communications, Cloud Computing. Routing, Switching, Mobile Communications. Virtualisation, VMWare, Hyper V, Cisco, Citrix etc. Solid understanding of Managed Services and IT Operations. Buzzwords: CCIE, Cisco, Project Engineer, Consultant, Networking, Data Centres, Security, Unified Communications, Cloud Computing, Virtualisation, VMWare, Hyper V, Citrix, Luton, Bedfordshire. Aria Select Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CCIETechnicalConsultantProjectEngineerLutonBedfordshire_job****