Title: PHP Web Developer – PHP, MySQL, SQL Server – Bristol
Webindex: 69045030
Company: Auburn Rose
Description: PHP Web Developer – PHP, MySQL, SQL Server – Bristol Key Skills: PHP C Javascript, CSS, HTML MySQL, SQL Server Leading innovator of financial based software in the centre of Bristol is seeking a talented PHP web developer to join their successful web development team. You will be responsible for developing a global web application that pioneers the company’s main products, working on the serverside, database connectivity, integrating with third party applications, as well as the GUI. An excellent opportunity to take ownership of a project and be the key contributor. As a PHP Web Developer, your responsibilities will involve:  Developing the core web platform that provides the functionality and backend for the company’s flagship products and services  Designing, creating and developing new features, and enhancements  Programming in PHP, C, Javascript with a primary focus on serverside, functionality development over GUI  Developing web services to connect the GUI to the serverside, also to integrate with third party applications  Modifying and integrating HTML, XHTML, CSS across different browsers  Programming at database level, writing stored procedures, queries, modifying and updating the database  Working with SQL Server  Full participation in the software lifecycle, delivering projects from start to finish. This is a fast growing company, who tripled their growth last year, and are continuing to expand due to a fast moving, dynamic, cutting edge industry. There will be plenty of prospects for leadership for those that show potential, as well as exciting opportunities to take ownership of product development, and make a valued contribution. To apply, you must have web development experience with either PHP or C. You should have developed applications from scratch, or delivered a project from beginning to end. You must have serverside or core functionality web programming – web design or GUI experience is not relevant for this role. Please apply with an updated CV, with detailed references to your web experience. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PHPWebDeveloperPHPMySQLSQLServerBristol_job****