Title: CONTENT MANAGEMENT ANALYST
Webindex: 71847810
Company: Link For People Services
Description: We are recruiting on behalf of our client for an experienced CONTENT MANAGEMENT ANALYST to join their successfulorganisation. Our Client are the UK`s No **** dedicated provider of data and information management services to the E P industry with over 20 years of engagements that have resulted in significant business successes for their customers. Their solutions help us to create the right E P data and information management environments in small independents through to super majors. Our Client are constantly developing and engaging the right skills and experience, combined with industry specific technology, tools and methodologies. The result of which is a unique ability to add value in their customers throughout the entire upstream asset lifecycle. Job Definition: Our Client have an exciting opportunity for a Content Management Analyst with an Upstream E P company. The Analyst will mainly utilise Electronic Content Management (ECM) software to provide content management solutions to meet business requirements. This person would also provide training. they would be happy to discuss the position further with any interested candidates. Essential candidate requirements Safety  Conducts all activities in a safe and effective manner and raises safety and environmental issues immediately and in line with corporate policy Leadership  Undertakes the role in line with corporate policy and demonstrates behaviours in line with the company`s values at all times. Readily accepts accountability Financial  Carries out duties in a way that maximises value and minimises waste and risk. Technical/Functional   Gathers, ranks and analyses Business requirements to define high quality, effective Content Management solutions.  Carries out project management of service requests and smaller projects under the guidance of the IM Solution Delivery team and in line with the IT Project Methodology.  Communicates solution vision and design meaningfully to all stakeholders.  Prepares Business Analysis and Project Management documentation, inline with the standards defined by the IT Project methodology.  Manages Incidents and Tasks which have a Content Management element using the Corporate Incident Management system, ServiceNow.  Provision of Livelink Basics and Expert User training to users.  CM related Business Process Mapping. Collaboration  Collaborates with others in the team and looks for opportunities to leverage their network and work with others to develop safe, practical and effective solutions Continuous Improvement Innovation  Continuously develops ways of working by seeking feedback from colleagues and key stakeholders. Complies with the project management disciplines, effectively utilises knowledge databases and actively participates in project reviews Capability Development  Looks for opportunities to develop technical and personal skills both by formal learning interventions and work experience. Coaches team colleagues where appropriate and demonstrates a personal com Link For People Services is a recruitment agency advertising on behalf of clients. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CONTENTMANAGEMENTANALYST_job****