Title: Senior Java Architect  ECommerce
Webindex: 68179907
Company: Burns Sheehan Limited
Description: Java, JVM, Spring, ESB, Design Patterns, SOA, ORM, JPA, JDBC, ECommerce, Agile This is a fantastic opportunity to join, in a senior capacity, one of the fastest growing (and best) London based ECommerce organisations. They have an exceptional tech team (c**** Java based devs / architects), are consistently voted as one of the top places to work in the UK and utilise cutting edge tech. Company growth has lead to an opportunity to join the team at snr architect level  a role with considerable visibility and impact across the business. The Senior Architect will be responsible for driving technology innovation and guiding the technical delivery teams on good software design principles. This is a technical handson and leadership role that requires a thorough understanding of java open source technologies and software architecture skills; design, technology selection, infrastructure and implementation skills. The role will suit technology passionate developers with real enthusiasm and drive as you will be required to contribute towards the technical direction and strategies of the business set by the Chief technical architect, assisting in evaluating third party software packages and illustrating how they would support future business growth and value. The successful candidate will also have the opportunity to manage a number of application architects. Essential Skills Requirements: Responsible for architectural and design areas on and across jvm systems within the organisation. Spring framework (****x) Prior experience with messageorientated middleware and/or open sources ESBs. Understanding of Design Patterns including Gang of Four, EIP and frameworks that support it. Indepth knowledge of working in a SOA/EDA environment Present guidelines for application development including coding standards, best practices, design pattern usage, and methodologies. Ownership and Delivery of the jvm Architecture roadmap Identify and evaluate emerging java technologies and development approaches Able to interact confidently and well with a wide range of people at all levels, both internally and externally. Experience working in a highvisibility role making key architecture/design decisions An absolute minimum of **** years development knowledge and project experience in Java 5 or above. Comfortable and flexible with ambiguity that comes from working in a fast paced environment. Experience with ORM/JPA and JDBC Knowledge and experience of the following is highly desirable: jms and activemq Cloud Computing Event Driven Architectures, including knowledge of Enterprise Integration Patterns and use of Spring Integration Activiti bpm Spring batch Web services (particularly RESTful) Apache Tomcat ****/**** Profiling and optimising applications across all tiers Distributed caching technologies Working in an Agile environment Contributing to open source projects Interest in any of the following would be a bonus: Alfresco NoSQL (e.g. MongoDB and solr) Alternative JVM languages and toolkits (e.g. Scala/akka) Burns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds.