Title: ICT Supplier and Contracts Officer
Webindex: 67904286
Company: Coba IT
Description: Primary Purpose and Scope of the Job: Our client requires a Supplier & Contracts Officer to be responsible for managing all IT related contract negotiations and renewals for the client. You will be the key contact for suppliers and responsible for ensuring exceptional value and quality of service by regularly monitoring and reviewing performance against the contractual agreements. You will be targeted with reducing costs on a yearly. You will be required on occasion to supervise staff. You will have to build relationships with various teams across the organisation including internal IT management, IT management within partner organisations, business areas, suppliers, procurement and legal teams. You should have an established background in IT and ensure that you work in accordance with the longterm objectives of the organisation whilst complying with corporate policies. You should be able to collate and interpret complex technical / service requirements and translate these into a commercial proposition. Collect, interpret and disseminate complex information to other IT related staff and nonprofessionals in such a way that the commercial commitments can be readily understood and applied to the business. Playing an active part and making a significant contribution to the delivery of the IT business plan. Performing nonroutine work, often including strategic decisionmaking. Responsible for providing and maintaining a consolidated delivery view of contractual commitments and renewal plans. In summary your experience should include:  Managing external supplier contractual negotiations with an approximate value of ****m, with a target to reduce costs and maintain / improve service year on year.  Experience in an I.T. related function  Experience of senior stakeholder and conflict management  Experience of procuring IT goods and services, including: requirements definition, tender process, setting contracts  Experience of procurement in the public sector  Experience of contract negotiation/renegotiation  Experience of ongoing supplier/contract performance management  Experience of supervising other staff Any of the following education or qualification is useful.  Prince **** Foundation (or equivalent)  ITIL Foundation