Title: Front End Developer and Javascript Expert
Webindex: 70250017
Company: Huntress Group
Description: Frontend Developer and Javascript expert ? Are you looking for something better then what you are currently doing? This could be the one for you If you are a Javascript (HTML5, CSS3, Jquery) developer who is always exploring specific techniques, strategies and solutions in order to develop robust, cross browser Javascript code then we really need to hear from you. Our client strives for pixel perfection and are one of the most admired companies in the world. This is a place that all your friends will know and all your colleagues and counterparts will be jealous of. We are looking for a frontend developer (ideally senior) with extensive Javascript experience. Extensive meaning: You know a number of Javascript libraries You also stay up to date with new Javascript developments You understand those javascript libraries You can build your own javascript library from scratch Oh and we need HTML5 CSS3 but of course this comes naturally ;) If you want to work for one of the best businesses in the world then apply now if you have the above skills. As a frontend developer you will be building and implementing high quality user interfaces. This company offers fantastic, world leading projects to work on ranging from web to mobile tv. Everything they do demands a superior design and usability experience Their developers are responsible for the look and feel of the end product. This company really need a developer that helps ensure their pixels are visually, interactively perfect. We also want people who create beautiful things and can offer us web development expertise Desired Skills Experience Understanding of Javascript libraries and ability to write your own Javascript code Skills to deliver robust, cross browser javascript code Knowledge and Experience: Hand coding XHTML HTML5, CSS3 Mobile HTML Javascript expert. Jquery, Prototype, Dojo or similar Beneficial Flash Motion / Animation UX/IA knowledge/experience Apart from the technical skills detailed later we require: Detail orientated people Extremely Passionate Problem Solver Natural Leaders Push to improve every project Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrontEndDeveloperandJavascriptExpert_job****