Title: Oracle HRMS Technical Consultant
Webindex: 69020841
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Oracle HRMS Technical Consultant Oracle HRMS Technical Consultant required by leading UK Consultancy, the successful Oracle HRMS Technical Consultant will have the opportunity to work on multiple R**** projects across the UK. This role requires all consultants to be SC Cleared so you must be eligible to gain this. Purpose and responsibilities of the role: Implementation of Oracle EBS 11.510 and R**** environments, from existing legacy systems, through a migration methodology Design and implementation of bespoke software extensions using appropriate Oracle tools and technologies Design and implementation of Oracle Portal and Workflow solutions Design and development of interface requirements using XML based solutions Development of reporting solutions using Oracle Discoverer and/or other reporting technologies Run design workshops to enable the development of high value, low cost technical solutions to meet the required business outcomes Duties: Complete implementation migrations from legacy systems to EBS 11.5.10 and R**** systems. Analysis and resolve the data issues identified during the migration process. Identify, design, specify, document and implement functional and technical solution requirements Work with clients to ensure effective testing and implementation of bespoke software extensions Clarify and influence client expectations and keep the client and project manager informed of progress/activities Assist in the definition and improvement for software developments, delivery, and any related consultancy. Liaise with third parties where necessary to establish an approach to providing an interface and/or integration with their products where required. Technical member of the implementation team who should work closely with functional consultants, the client business and where necessary third party organisations. Contribute to overall project planning and review. Core competencies/skills: Strong software lifecycle development experience. Excellent skills to prepare detailed design and technical specifications. Excellent knowledge of the tools to be used for customisation or development of software extensions coupled with the associated programming and product skills. The following skills are mandatory for the role: oPL/SQL oOracle API oOracle Portal oOracle Workflow oOracle Discoverer Ability to design and conduct effective tests to prove software development to the user base. Good knowledge of related third party products such as operating systems. Strong consulting skills: oRelationship building oActive listening oAnalytical thinking oProblem solving oDocumentation oPresentation and workshop delivery oInteractive design sessions oRunning meetings oTrouble shooting Good functional and technical knowledge the Oracle EBusiness Suite version 11.5.10 and/or R**** modules HRMS, Payroll and/or Financials. Ability to work as part of a team but can also be self sufficient and show initiative. Ability to prioritise within given parameters. Enthusiasm and commitment