Title: Technical Consultant / Client Director
Webindex: 68573949
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: A fantastic opportunity for a Technical Consultant / Client Director with a great academic history and project management skills to join an international software company. Position   Technical Consultant / Client Director The Company   This is an excellent opportunity to progress into a software house which is at the forefront of their industry which can offer support, training and working alongside some of the brightest people in the software world. Location   Positions available in London Cambridge offices Salary   Negotiable depending on experience  benefits Requirements for the role of Technical Consultant / Client Director   Degree educated in a relevant subject with a **** or 1st class honours from a 'good' University  this is a must  Experienced in an enterprise customer facing role  if you come from any of the following backgrounds it would be a good potential match: Technical Account Manager / Applications Engineer / Project Manager / Technical Consultant  Ability to understand technical design specifications  Experienced in technical project implementation  Proven experience of running successful projects  including enforcing deadlines and schedules  Fantastic communication skills both verbal and written, with experience of writing business correspondence.  Personal situation will allow some travel  occasionally across Europe.  Ability to analyse clients business purposes, needs and goals. Responsibilities for the role of Technical Consultant / Client Director   Responsible for client implementations, client satisfaction and client performance and support.  Interfacing with customer engineering teams, project managers, legal services, operations and other internal teams  Ensure the success of the clients program while making recommendation to improve internal and external processes.  Assisting the sales team with new business. Why would you apply  You have the academic background required  You currently hold a role within a technical environment with lots of customerfacing aspects  previous suitable applicants have been Technical Account Managers / Applications Engineers / Project Managers / Technical Consultant  You are looking for a move into a company with a host of progression opportunities  You want to work with the latest cuttingedge technologies Applications for the role of Technical Consultant / Client Director   If you tick the above boxes and would be interested in finding out more then we would love to hear from you  please send an updated CV .  Please be assured your CV will be treated in the strictest confidence and we would never send out your CV without speaking to you first.  Computer People are an equal opportunities employer. Computer People are operating as a Recruitment Agency. Keywords  Technical Client / Support / Account Management / Software Engineer / Technical Consulting / Project manager / programme manager / client services / applications support / applications engineering / Technical Account Managers / Application Engineers / Project Managers / Technical Consultant