Title: Internal Sales Administration  Managed Services Provider
Webindex: 69170391
Company: Senitor Associates
Description: Internal Sales Administration  Managed Services Provider Salary  **** dependant on experience  West Yorkshire I'm working with a client who is looking for a confident internal sales administrator with good communication skills. You will be working for a successful Managed Service provider, based in West Yorkshire and will be required to process orders, quotes and take care of daily office administration. You will have to provide excellent customer service while responding to incoming telephone traffic. You will make technical recommendations and work on your own initiative to up sell at every opportunity. Ideally you will have experience working in an IT Sales Admin role in the past and have experience dealing with telephone sales and / or administration. Skills required  To apply for this position you must have previous sales administration experience and it would be extremely beneficial to have IT skills Business Development Lead Generation Cold Calling Creating Opportunities full training on their products and services will be provided and there is a progression available to move into more advanced technical sales. This is a well established Managed Services provider with a large mix of existing clients giving you exposure to a very diverse range of industries exposing you to different technologies and expanding on your skill set. There is a competitive starting salary of up to **** dependant on experience available, with great earning potential alongside; earning commission is up to you For the right candidate there are fantastic opportunities for career progression. This position is soon to be filled and the interviews are scheduled for this week. Send your CV over to ben.frankishsenitor.com Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InternalSalesAdministrationManagedServicesProvider_job****