Title: Principal Technologist  Future Media
Webindex: 68495490
Company: TRG
Description: Principal Technologist : Future Media, Manchester, Permanent, ****K excellent benefits. A global house hold name seek a Principal Technologist to lead and coordinate the work of a number of the research and development teams based, working closely with the General Manager, R D, Chief Scientist and the Project Director; you will manage a portfolio of research projects that range from strategic research to nearterm development activity, based on the opportunities and challenges arising from the impact of Internet technologies on the media and creative industries. The R D department is responsible for many of the technologies that have most reshaped the television world in the last ten years : from HD to Freeview. With an annual budget of ****m, for the future of media production and creation, distribution and consumption. As the new Principal Technologist you will have a leading role in the media production research, overseeing the breakthroughs that will transform the company/industry. This is a senior R D leadership position within our Future Media division; daytoday You'll lead a team of engineers and scientists on transformative software and hardware projects. You'll drive these initiatives to completion through transfer into the business or commercialisation, aiming to implement new technologies within five years. You'll do that in new, stateoftheart labs in Salford. It's one of the major media research centres in Europe and home to some of technology's brightest minds. Together, your work will transform how sports are covered, children are entertained, and news is delivered for one of the biggest single audiences for broadcast and online media in the world. Please contact Paul Wakeman for full details and immediate consideration. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. TRG provides services as an agency and an employment business.