Title: NOC Engineer
Webindex: 69019761
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: NOC Engineer Leeds/ South Yorkshire Permanent ****k Are you looking for an opportunity where you have a direct input into cuttingedge technologies, and where your innovative ideas are truly acknowledged and rewarded? Our client was formed in **** as a result of two telecommunications organisation merging together. The company has since grown through a number of acquisitions, each excelling in their own area of expertise, creating one of the fastest growing managed telecommunication providers in the UK. They are looking for an experienced NOC Engineer to join their busy team. The post holder will be responsible for IP/Data traffic monitoring, ensuring smooth running of data traffic, minimise power outages, manage network failures and report unauthorised hacking. The NOC Engineer is a varied role which is subject to experience. The more specialist role in the NOC team will include conducting independent remote, support, configuration of hardware such as firewalls, routers and the ability to install equipment such as IPPDU setup, rack installation, server backup and server equipments. Essential candidate skills: Data networking CCNA skills Cabling and monitoring traffic ICT/Cisco/ IP/ Data Com To be flexible with doing shift work and some nights Key Skills: CCNA, CCIE, CCNP, NOC, Network Operations Centre, ICT, Cisco, IP and Data Com, NOC Management Electus Recruitment Solutions provides specialist engineering and technical recruitment solutions to a number of high technology industries. We thank you for your interest in this vacancy. If you don t hear from us within **** working days please presume your application has been unsuccessful on this occasion. You are of course free to resubmit your CV/details in the future and we shall assess your suitability at that time. Services advertised by Electus Recruitment Solutions are those of an Agency (perm) Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy