Title: Linux Systems (Administrator Hosting)  Start ASAP
Webindex: 70240924
Company: Attain Recruitment
Description: We are recruiting for a Leading Digital Media Agency in Woking. We are seeking a Hosting Systems Engineer/IT Systems Administrator to help them drive their business forward. If you have experience of multiserver hosting environments and a proven track record of managing Linux and Apache systems, this is a superb opportunity to join an industryleading company where you will benefit from a professional yet friendly environment. What’s more, you’ll have the chance to work with some wellknown brands and online retailers. As a Hosting Systems Engineer IT Systems Administrator, you will be responsible for managing the IT and operational aspects of hosting about **** industryleading ecommerce websites. The hosting environment operates on highend IBM equipment running VMware and PHP Magento applications and MySQL databases on a mixture of Linux and Windows Servers. Working from their picturesque offices in the heart of Surrey’s countryside, you will undertake hardware and network configuration, installation and management. You will also be involved with web server configuration and management. Your other duties will include  Monitoring sites, servers, applications and databases  Patching and security  Managing internal IT and operations  Responding to issues within agreed SLAs  Internal IT administration, including desktop machine builds and Active Directory management To be considered for this opportunity, you must have:  Significant experience of working with Web Application Servers, including both Apache and IIS  Excellent Linux knowledge and experience  Experience of administering Windows domains including Active Directory management Desirable skills are:  Knowledge of Linux Web Server performance optimisation technologies (e.g. NginX)  Experience of working in transactional ecommerce environments  Experience of security standards practices (such as PCI) You will be responsible for and able to take ownership of problems and their solutions. Organised and reliable, you will be highly motivated with great interpersonal skills. A commitment to getting things done and first class communication skills are also key. Due to the office location, you must have a driving licence, your own transport and live within sensible commuting distance. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LinuxSystemsAdministratorHostingStartASAP_job****