Title: Cloud System Administrator
Webindex: 67158393
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Cloud Network System Administrator ****k Cambridge This organisation is a British owned success story, generating multimillion pound revenues year on year. This company is an industry leader in its field due to the innovative progressive nature of its software development team. They are passionate about technology, the latest methodologies and their ability to enhance their products as a result they have begun to use the Amazon EC**** cloud to maintain the environment for their web based software products. Their customers rely on this company s software for business critical activities and depend upon a robust, reliable product. Cloud Network System Administrator ****k Cambridge  Essential Skills: Windows and Linux Server administration  Extensive experience Building, Installing, maintaining and supporting virtual Linux/Windows Servers. Extensive experience in diagnosing various server issues using standard open source tools. Extensive experience with programming languages such as PHP, Perl, Python, HTML, SQL Extensive experience Installing, Configuring and Supporting the following applications and services: Apache / NgiNX, MySQL / PostgreSQL, FTP (including SFTP s cloud infrastructure that your clients depend upon for the availability of their service. Including memory usage, uptime, data replication, back up, storage among others. Using your experience of deploying, managing and maintaining these environments you will be able to make sure that these resources are controlled according to usage, while maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the software hosted within the environment. The role will also involve an amount of quality assurance and testing in the future, to make sure the software product delivered to the client is up to the company s high standards. This represents a superb opportunity for an ambitious candidate looking to work within a team environment. If you are looking for the opportunity for training, development and to make the next step in your career please apply below or call Shayne Wilson on (Apply online only). View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position