Title: IT Support Analyst/ IT Trainer
Webindex: 69044926
Company: Venturi
Description: IT Support Analyst/Trainer  Top 50 UK Law Firm  Central London IT Support Analyst/Trainer required by Top 50 UK Law Firm working out of their Central London office to provide 1st and 2nd Line support as well as providing Training to all users. Elearning or other innovative training solutions highly desirable. As a Support Analyst/Trainer you will provide desk side support on all software related issues and will have experience of Windows XP/7, Office ****/2010, Outlook blackberry and iPhone devices. Experience of bespoke legal applications such as document management systems, carpe diem, Laser Forms is desirable but not essential. You will also be responsible for providing innovative training solutions to users, specifically elearning. This is an exciting role for someone with a strong customer service focus who is used to working in a fastpaced pressurised environment, and who can deal with people from the most junior, right up to Partner/Director level. Your main role will be support analyst/service desk focussed, however you will also have previous experience of providing IT training solutions. Please forward your CV in the first instance to be considered for this role. An immediate interview is on offer for the right applicant Venturi is a staffing business dedicated to you, differentiating ourselves in the marketplace by quality of service and candidate delivery. Our highly skilled and experienced staff operate within dedicated markets to give you the best service possible. Venturi markets include Development Design, Business Intelligence and IT support and infrastructure. Venturi operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITSupportAnalystITTrainer_job****