Title: IT Project Manager  Infrastructure
Webindex: 72119477
Description: Our Information Management team, ****30strong over two sites, has a hugely important part to play in modernising and streamlining the Office for National Statistics. And as we develop as a team, so will your career. We ll invest in your personal and professional development, and we ll support and finance accredited qualifications and chartered status. For the Office for National Statistics, people count. Whether that s the people across the country whose lives our work helps to shape, or the people who work here, producing vital statistics that informs decision making in our society and economy. We achieve results by investing in the people who work with us, rewarding their contribution and enabling a better work/life balance. We re a welcoming and friendly community of professionals, we respect each other and we re very social. We ve some impressive onsite facilities too, including a gym, coffee shop, even a hairdresser. About the role As you would expect, our projects are business critical and we need the best managers to ensure successful delivery. In this key role as an IT Project Manager, you ll be responsible for the definition, documentation and successful delivery of Infrastructure for complex projects. You ll be used to working to agreed standards for quality, timescale and costs with business project managers and project boards. You ll be responsible for delivering the project s technology component and, in your capacity as the project lead, managing relationships as the main point of contact between customer and contractor organisations. About you You ll have excellent communication skills, proven project planning and management skills and ideally be PRINCE 2 qualified. As an Infrastructure Project Manager you ll have substantial experience of delivering infrastructure or security projects into a complex, fastpaced environment using structured methods and ITIL. A flexible approach to travel for work purposes is essential. Apply For more information about us and our jobs please click the apply button Closing Date: 10th February 2013 