Title: 2nd/3rd line Server and Infrastructure Engineer  Windows Server ****
Webindex: 72373453
Company: Capital Network Solutions Limited
Description: 2nd/3rd line Server and Infrastructure Engineer  Windows Server ****2012, Exchange ****2012, VMWare, HyperV, Small Business Server experience required Capital Network Solutions Limited are the sole Cisco Premier Partner based in South Wales and are a leading Systems Integrator who specialise in Networking, Unified Communications, Security, Wireless and Managed Professional Services. They hold strategic partnerships with leading technology vendors including Microsoft, Cisco, Barracuda, CRYPTOCard, and Dell and work with a wide range of well known companies within Wales and the UK. Due to continued growth they are now looking to recruit a dynamic 2nd/3rd line server and infrastructure engineer to support the project and service desk team. Reporting to the Technical Director, the Server and Desktop Engineer will be responsible for designing, deploying and supporting server and desktop based solutions for new and existing customers, and providing 2nd line and 3rd line support to the internal service desk. The role will involve a varied mix of server, storage, virtualisation, and mobile device projects to multi sector based organisations. The role incorporates both remote support and onsite customer visits and will require a consultative approach when dealing with customers. A high level of understanding of network technologies and an excellent knowledge of SAN, MS Windows Server, MS Exchange, virtualisation and relating technologies is required. The successful engineer should be able to demonstrate skills and experience relating to: Microsoft Windows Server 2003  2012 Microsoft Small Business Server 2003  2012 Microsoft Exchange Server 20032012 VMware/HyperV SAN (HP, Dell PowerVault and EqualLogic) Server  Design, Installation, Migration, Upgrade and Support Experience mandatory Blackberry Enterprise Server Desktop support LAN/WAN experience Troubleshooting experience Networking experience Excellent communication skills Certifications in any of the above technologies would be advantageous. The successful applicant must have the ability to thrive within a fast paced, demanding environment whilst maintaining high standards and a customer centric approach. This is an excellent career opportunity for a highly motivated technical professional that wishes to work as part of a highly accredited team. A structured professional development plan will be implemented overseen by our Technical Director providing excellent progression opportunities for those wishing to develop their career further.