Title: Infrastructure Manager, Windows Servers, Global
Webindex: 69249870
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd
Description: Infrastructure Manager, Windows Servers, Global This is an excellent opportunity for a Infrastructure Manager to join a global, marketleading company based just outside of Oxford. The Infrastructure Manager will be responsible for Managing a team of 5 Windows Systems Engineers that oversee the support of over **** Windows servers in my client s datacentre. Reporting directly into the US and working closely with outsourced service providers, the Infrastructure Manager will operate on a global level. The Infrastructure Manager will play a key role in making sure processes are adhered to and that work is planned thoroughly and completed on time. The ideal candidate for the Infrastructure Manager will have come from a technical background and have good experience in some of the following areas:  Managing a team of Windows Systems Engineers in a global environment  ITIL and other service practices, although a certification is not essential  Working with outsourced partners, preferably offshore  An understanding of incident or change management would also be looked upon favourably The Infrastructure Manager position offers an excellent chance for a candidate to progress their career with a company that is truly marketleading. Given the global nature of this role, if offers the right candidate an opportunity to work in a dynamic and challenging environment on a daily basis. In return, my client is offering a basic salary up to **** plus some very good corporate benefits, including excellent pension and healthcare. If you think this role is the right role for you, please send me your CV today Referral Scheme: If this role isn t for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT. If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford s leading IT Recruitment agency. With exclusive access to some of the region s most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business.