Title: 1st Line Helpdesk / Desktop Support Analyst  Crewe
Webindex: 69981190
Description: 1st Line Helpdesk / Desktop Support Analyst  Crewe My market leading client are looking to recruit a are looking to recruit a 1st Line IT Support Engineer to support their customers where you will be responsible for supporting a diverse range of technology covering Windows XP, Vista, 7, Windows Server **** Active Directory, Citrix, VMware, Desktop Helpdesk Support, VNC etc. Additionally as this role will involve working in some educational environments, a CRB check to an enhanced level prior to commencing work is required. Duties will include, Logging calls on the IT Service Desk and maintaining details of software / hardware problems detected. Providing 1st line technical support; answering support queries either directly or via phone or email. Escalating with external support when necessary. Supporting users in the use of computer equipment by providing necessary advice and/or training. Maintain update internal documentation and database systems in a timely manner. Suitable candidates should have/be:  The ability to communicate effectively with people at all levels. The ability to ask clear and precise questions of the customer to ascertain the exact details of the problem. A strong knowledge of Microsoft based operating systems with emphasis on Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows Server **** and Windows Server **** Experience with using and troubleshooting Microsoft Office. Basic understanding of PC hardware setup and configuration. The ability to work as part of a team and on their own initiative. Positive Flexible attitude. Knowledge of Active Directory, Citrix, Microsoft Exchange and VMware will be considered an advantage. This is an excellent opportunity, offering any candidate the opportunity to work in a highly technical environment, using the latest technologies where you can bounce ideas off the other technicians in the team. The salary can be anything up to ****k depending on experience, but this is definitely an opportunity not to be missed, so please send me your CV now