Title: Desk Based Sales ExecutivesTelecoms/IT
Webindex: 71227509
Company: First Global Recruitment Limited
Description: Our client is one of the largest telecoms providers in Europe They are looking for Business Development Executives to work in their busy office in High Wycombe. You would be required To sell our clients calls, lines and mobile products and services to deliver sales and customer service targets for our client by proactive outbound telephone calling key customer contacts and decision makers within a defined geographical customer base. Call proactively across the customer base selling our clients products and services to deliver sales targets To engage the client at Decision Maker level in Business debate to identify and qualify Solution opportunities to fuel the field sales specialists with high quality leads. Account manage your customer base, keeping up to date with market and business trends including competitor activities, understanding developments for the client and identifying new and emerging business opportunities. Constructively work as part of one sales team, sharing ideas, knowledge and resources to help build a first class sales force. Utilise our clients resources and their brand to achieve results for the business and for the customer. To contribute positively to your own personal development through participation in coaching, training, and job shadowing Specific Job Requirements The individual needs to be able to work with the minimum of supervision, be part of a team, able to achieve results through virtual teamworking, present a quality image and be willing to work unscheduled hours. An appreciation of confidentiality and security is essential. Ability to work at a desk with a VDU for extended periods (subject to DSE regulations) whilst using a headset. Person Specification Highly Proactive Motivated by targets Confident Determined Totally committed to achieving the sale Hungry for success and results orientated Excellent communication skills and telephone manner Excellent listening skills Telesales experience minimum 612 months relevant business/work experience. Computer literacy and Key systems skills & knowledge (i.e. MS Office, Outlook) Please apply online for further details on this position.