Title: SQL Developer SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, SQL Server 2005/**** ETL, TSQL
Webindex: 68628279
Company: Square One Resources
Description: SQL Developer SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, SQL Server 2005/**** ETL, TSQL My client are a global service management company who are looking for an experienced SQL Developer with solid experience of SSIS, SSRS and SSAS. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global company working on projects in multiple sectors. Skills Extensive experience with SQL 2005 and SQL **** products. Significant SSIS experience, in a project or BI Development role and involvement in ETL project life cycles Excellent knowledge of ETL concepts including data migration, data cleansing, harmonisation integrity, focusing on SSIS. Working knowledge of SSRS and SSAS and their integration with other BI products. Extensive knowledge of TSQL, stored procedures, triggers, views and functions. Understanding and knowledge of indexes, statistics and table structure. SQL Agent  Scheduling jobs, optimisation, multiple jobs and SSIS execution. Troubleshoot, diagnose and tune database and physical server performance. Knowledge and understanding of locking, blocks, table and index design and SQL configuration. Some experience with a.NET development language ideally C Windows AD knowledge with regards to SQL best practice. Experience in creating business rules on best practices for data services. Demonstrable ability to understand and analyse business processes. Experience in working with, supporting and troubleshooting MS SQL Servers running enterprise applications Proven ability to work well within a team and liaise with other technical support staff such as networking administrators, system administrators and support engineers. Ability to create formal documentation and work procedures. Notwithstanding any guidelines given to years of experience sought, we will consider candidates from outside this range if they can demonstrate the necessary competencies. Square One is acting as both an employment agency and an employment business, and is an equal opportunities recruitment business. Square One embraces diversity and will treat everyone equally: Please see our website for our full diversity statement