Title: Head of Reporting  Network Communications  New role
Webindex: 72688725
Company: Experis IT
Description: Head of Reporting Network Communications new role Canary Wharf, London ****  ****  Bonus  Comprehensive benefits A Global organisation supplying business and financial information, financial markets knowledge and technology solutions, seeks a Head of Reporting for Network Communications, which is responsible for providing innovative and high quality connectivity solutions to their customers that enable fast and competitive delivery of the company products and services to the financial markets. This company has over **** employees in more than 100 countries and a reputation for promoting a strong worklife balance for its employees. The Role The Head of Reporting will focus on developing the public face of network communications. They will be responsible for pulling together the vast amount of data that is produced each month to create a meaningful picture of the department and relevant reporting which can be shared across the larger business. The purpose of the role for Network Communications is to both support the decision making strategy and to promote the group to the larger business. The Head of Reporting will have:  5 years  experience  Very strong communication and presentation skills  Expert PowerPoint skills  A strong personality who can work across both technical and business groups  Ideally some experience working on large process or systems reengineering projects The Opportunity and Benefits As this is a brand new role, the Head of Reporting will enjoy the opportunity to shape the role and make it their own. They will play a vital role in decisionmaking and future strategy of the department and make an impact on the way the department is viewed throughout the whole business. They will be widely exposed across the business, offering them the opportunity to build upon their career within this large multinational organization, a culture that strongly promotes career development. The company believes in rewarding talent and hard work and as such, offers an impressive benefits package including private medical care, a dental plan, eye care, employer contribution to pension, share scheme, life assurance, longterm sickness benefit, long service awards, trading annual leave, employee assistance scheme, season ticket loan and more. Please send your CV through for immediate consideration.