Title: C, NET Developer, Sussex
Webindex: 67948218
Company: Quantica Technology
Description: C, .NET Developer, Sussex (**** ****  Competitive Benefits Package) My client are a leading UK supplier of Manufacturing Execution Systems based in Sussex. They develop enterprise application software which monitors, assists and supports the optimisation of the use of manufacturing machinery and other resources. They are doing extremely well and have the budget to bring on a strong C, .Net Developer. My client are currently seeking a talented C .NET Developer to join a small, collaborative, highlyskilled team working within a blended planned and agile environment, developing a suite of applications for use by the manufacturing industry to manage and analyse their work processes. The ideal candidate will have a relevant degree and around **** or more years commercial experience of developing datacentric .NET applications using C (ideally with .NET **** or **** experience). Applicants may be considered without a degree if they have commensurate experience in the software industry. Experience in developing Windows desktop applications is essential as is competence in designing and implementing highly usable interfaces, ideally using WPF, Silverlight, Windows Forms or similar technology. Experience of database design, SQL Server and writing queries in TSQL is vital. Some experience with web development (especially ASP.NET) and web services is highly desirable as is familiarity with mobile technologies. The new team member will be responsible for requirements elicitation, software design, implementation, testing and delivery of business critical software and its subsequent maintenance. As such, the successful candidate will: Be committed to delivering robust, maintainable, high quality software Have a good understanding of object oriented principles Be able to demonstrate good coding practices Have the ability to produce highly useable application software Be conscientious, methodical and organised Have excellent communication skills They are looking for someone who has a real flare and passion for technology and has been involved in C projects. If the role is of interest, please send your CV across to sonia.kumarquanticatechnology.co.uk with your compensation details and current notice period.