Title: Organisational design and Change Consultant
Webindex: 69802691
Company: Oakleaf Partnership
Description: An exciting and unique opportunity has arisen for an Organisational Design and change lead to join a leading European technology business. Based in Central London you will be working within a relatively new team to support the Head of OD working with the key senior leader ship team to develop interventions, implement change and ensure the client group is aligned to the business priorities. Key accountabilities will include;  Work with key stakeholders to build organisation design and development solutions that are aligned to strategic priorities  Facilitate the definition of new 'to be' state, and work with leaders to develop organisation design.  Conduct business impact assessments to identify how the changes from the 'asis' processes, systems, and structures to the 'tobe' processes, systems and structures impact specific Divisions, teams and roles.  Work with HR Delivery team to outline how the organisation structure, jobs, teams and roles need to change and align to enable the future business processes.  Work with divisional leaders to ensure organisational changes are embedded.  Work with relevant groups to understand business change readiness, taking into consideration technical, needs, capability (training and engagement activities) and any other business activities required to integrate new processes, roles and teams into the 'business as usual' environment.  Advise business managers about the implications of planned change on the business, on processes and on customers.  Manage, mitigate and ensure adequate and approved measures and controls are in place for all risks relating to organisation people  Report progress on training design and deployment activities.  Define activities required to bring stakeholders to the required level of commitment for transition to business as usual.  Create an environment in which people are engaged and passionate about improving business and personal performance.  Develop the people and the organisation through our expertise in learning, cultural and organisation change in order to build capability  Work with HR Delivery, Reward, PDP to deliver integrated people solutions to meet the organisation development needs  Establish common practice and tool sets across divisions by working collaboratively with the other HR Business Partners and ODD team. All applicants must demonstrate a strong background with organisational design and change management whilst working within a transforming business. You will have exposure to working within a medium to large matrixed organisation going through a period of growth. It is essential that candidates demonstrate strong commercial acumen and the ability to build relationships on an internal consultancy basis. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OrganisationaldesignandChangeConsultant_job****