Title: Trade Floor Desktop Support Analyst
Webindex: 71305281
Company: Coal IT Services
Description: Trade Floor Desktop Support Analyst  Investment Bank We have a fantastic opportunity to work with a major Investment Bank based at Canary Wharf; the requirement is for experienced Trade Floor Desktop Support Analyst. Primarily the role will be based in Canary Wharf; however engineers will be expected to work from other locations within the City of London as required. The main purpose of this Desktop Support Analyst role  VIP support is to p rovide IT support services to the Trade Floor and / level users. This is a desk side based role which requires strong customer service communication skills. Trade Floor Desktop Support Analyst providing support to the Traders is required to have the following knowledge;  Good knowledge of Market Data Reuters, Bloomberg etc  Good knowledge of IT hardware, software, operations and networks, Blackberry’s Lotus Notes, Microsoft XP, Cable Patching  Cisco Voice over IP, Imaging a PC, Hardware Installation, MS Office  Good understanding of the underlying business supported by the technical environment (GMO).  Good understanding of service management techniques, including change management, incident management, Data Centre Operations and configuration management.  An awareness of project management techniques and experience of working as part of a project team. Trade Floor Desktop Support Analyst is required to have the following Experience  General experience in IT Desktop/VIP Support Trade Floor Desktop Support Analysts are required to have the following Skills  Good communication and interpersonal skills to build and maintain effective working relationships with peer groups in IT Operations and Development.  Ability to work under pressure and prioritise to successfully deliver service to agreed levels.  Ability to articulate IT subject matters to both IT and nonIT personnel.  An ability to share technical knowledge to assist developing of other team members.  Selfmotivated.  Good analytical skills Other information The role will involve shift work covering hours between 7am and 7pm. The job holder may be asked to provide out of hours oncall cover. Trade Floor Desktop Support Analyst Location London Rate up to **** per day depending on experience Start date ASAP For more info pls contact Phil Lam on **** **** **** or Phillip.lamcoalit.com This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TradeFloorDesktopSupportAnalyst_job****