Title: Project Manager (Software development) near Manchester ****
Webindex: 69039760
Company: Newton Blue
Description: Project Manager urgently required by leading software development company based in Leyland, Lancashire who are about to embark on brand new software product development. The role will see you providing Project Management capability to the Project Office Function, supporting and managing delivery throughout the project lifecycle, managing project plans, scheduling, resource management, risk and issue management, stakeholder and supplier management and also change management. This is a superb time to join this sector leading business, which has a 55% market share, as they embark on developing from the ground up a brand new software product portfolio which will replace the current solution range. This high profile role will see you working within a motivated and friendly environment where you will help to play a crucial part in the product development and companies future offerings. The role will see you: Provide daytoday project management of the development team. Develop software to an agreed timescale and budget. Manage the project life cycle from strategic planning to delivery. Manage the maintenance of software products including releases. Manage projects in terms of deadlines, maintaining scope and costs. Maintain a successful client relationship with product management and other teams. Manage third party suppliers and stakeholders communication Maintain allocation of resource and skills within the team. Ensure that the risks to the project's successful outcome are managed. Monitor and report ongoing costs and benefits against delivery. Manage change effectively into new and inflight projects. To be suitable you must have: A successful track record in Project Management PRINCE II certification (ideally Practitioner level). Excellent communication skills A selfmotivated, dynamic and energetic approach A proactive mindset to risk identification, analysis and mitigation. Experience of working with diverse teams in multiple locations. A quality driven mentality In return you will have the opportunity to join this growing, market leader at the beginning of their new product development phase, allowing you to make a massive contribution to the projects and company's future success. The role offers a salary of ****  pension and other benefits. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProjectManagerSoftwaredevelopmentnearManchester****_job****