Title: Senior Java Software Engineer
Webindex: 55408208
Company: Migration
Description: The Role: To work as a member of the Development team on products including web and back end applications supplied to major financial institutions. To be responsible for investigating new technologies and mentoring team members, developing prototypes and new features, performing unit testing, maintenance and taking a lead in design discussions. Main Duties The post holder will be expected to:  Work with the team and Product Managers in an Agile (scrum) environment to design and develop high quality features and enhancements.  Mentor other team members and provide technical leadership  Assist in estimation and planning of future work within a scrum project framework.  Provide maintenance support for products and services and assist the support teams with relevant product issues.  Create automated unit tests.  Contribute to the creation of automated integration and system tests.  Participate in release testing.  Write and maintain system specifications and documentation. Additional Duties The post holder will be expected to:  Provide peer code reviews.  Continuously update technical expertise.  Investigate new technologies and propose ideas for future development.  Write prototypes where necessary in order to explore ideas and gain feedback.  Demonstrate new product functionality to other development and business groups within the company.  Record activity and reestimate work remaining on project tasks. Person Specification Competencies Essential  Core Java  JEE  JBOSS  Spring  HTML  JavaScript  Oracle Desirable  JQuery  MSSQL  Ajax  CSS  Portal/Portlet development  .NET (C, WPF)  C++ Experience Essential  Minimum of 5 years industry experience developing Java applications  Handson experience in J****EE/Java, HTML, JavaScript & web application development  Developing SQL queries, stored procedures, views and triggers for Oracle Desirable  Serviceoriented architecture  Java Multithreaded programming  Financial Domain experience, specifically: o Payments (Domestic, International, Wire) o Check Management and production o Web Services, EJB's, Java Messaging Services (JMS)  Agile methodologies  Development using TDD Qualifications Desirable  Good degree in a numerate discipline