Title: Senior Software Engineer  C++, iOS, Android
Webindex: 69572204
Company: Provide Consulting Ltd
Description: Software Engineer, Mobile Application, Mobile Development, Mobile Software, Android, Java, C++, iOS, Xcode, Bytecode, bytecode manipulation, ASM, Binary, Reverse Engineering, Assembler, assembly London  ****  ****  Excellent benefits package including large share options  Are you a technically astute Engineer with solid commercial experience around Mobile Software engineering?  Reached a glass ceiling in your career and looking to propel yourself to bleeding edge of the industry?  Ever wondered what it's like to work on tomorrow's technology and not just today's ?  Would you like the opportunity to work as a Principal level engineer for a world leading enterprise technology giant who are growing at an alarming rate? You need to read on A leading global technology organisation working who harness bleeding edge technology has an urgent need to recruit **** experienced Mobile Software Engineers to join a dedicated team of savvy engineering professionals, renowned worldwide for their ability to create next generation engineering solutions for the modern mobile world. You, the Mobile Software Engineer, will be responsible for the design, development trialing and engineering (traditional or reverse engineering) of new features on innovative current and future products for the global enterprise market. You will work on exciting new products/and SDK platforms with cutting edge technology very much at their heart  technology is our key driver here. You can expect to work in an environment that is forever changing, which gives seasoned software engineers a very real opportunity to work in a truly fast paced nature, with exposure to many technologies with a steep learning curve for all Make no mistake, this could be one of the most technically challenging environments you have faced, WE DO NOT SIMPLY DEVELOP APPLICATIONS  WE ENGINEER PLATFORMS  You'll relish in the challenge. As the ideal candidate you will possess proven experience in the following:  Proven working experience in a similar role as a Mobile Software Engineer  Comfortable experience with and C++  Commercial experience with iOS or Android platforms  Ideally some experience or understanding of middle ware  Out of the box thinker, sharp, engineering mindset who is keen on technology and engineering, not just bogstandard application development Desirable experience:  Any security experience would be ideal  what have you got?  Do you know about reverse engineering, application wrapping, bytecode manipulation, ASM, Binary, Assembler technology? if you do then please get in touch IMMEDIATELY If you consider yourself to be an expert in any of the above then you could be looking at an Architect level role with us too ;) In return we are offering a truly unique opportunity to work with a word class organisation working on very significant engineering developments in the business domain,this is not developing games or animations This is not your average application development role, you will be a principal engineer within the development team with good insight into large projects no doubt taking your career to the next level. Please send your CV IMMEDIATELY for a call back.