Title: Technical Sales/ Telesales Executive
Webindex: 71199668
Company: Senitor Associates Limited
Description: Technical Sales Telesales, Business Development, Inbound and Outbound, Cold calling, Lead Generation, New Business, Account Management Hardware, Reseller, HP, IBM, Dell, Oracle, Sun, Power, mainframe systems, disk, tape and network storage systems, ****  (Plus commission and plenty of incentives and rewards) Wokingham, Berkshire Excellent uncapped potential An excellent opportunity for someone looking to excel in Technical Sales and further their career With uncapped commission and plenty of training, this role is sure to be snapped up quickly Through growth and continued success, my client requires 2 talented and motivated Technical Sales Consultants to join their expanding business based in Berkshire. They require proactive, dynamic and passionate individuals to generate new business and retain existing business for their already successful enterprise. Ideally you should have a proven record in technical, hardware (ideally Sun, IBM, Oracle), specialising in cold calling and generating new business leading to account management and retaining existing business. Furthermore any business to business (B2B) experience should be highlighted in your CV. You will get involved in client meetings, lead generation, presales analysis of customer requirements and the full sales cycle. As well as working within the technical industry, it is highly important that you can demonstrate a market driven approach and the passion to stamp your mark on this role. My client is looking for someone who has experience selling to medium to large companies. You must have a proven ability to achieve sales targets and excellent oral and written communication skills. Personality and soft skills will count a lot for your application as my client is looking for an individual who has excellent persuasive and communication skills. Key Skills Required:  B2B Sales Technical Sales, Telesales, Telemarketing  Business Development, Inbound and Outbound, Cold calling, Lead Generation, New Business  Ideally hardware/ reseller experience knowledge of HP, IBM, Dell, Oracle, Sun, Power, mainframe systems, disk, tape and network storage systems etc. This is an excellent opportunity to join a well established and growing company and further your career in sales. With a starting salary of up to **** with potential to earn a lot more on top this role has plenty of career, based in Berkshire. This wont be around for long so send your CV now to Dawn.Keablesenitor.com Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.