Title: Service Desk Team Lead
Webindex: 68359136
Company: TEKsystems
Description: Service Desk Team Lead Service Desk Team Lead required for large oil and gas client. The successful Service Desk Team Lead will be used to leading a team of helpdesk and desktop support specialists  both local and remote. Will carry out team mentoring and training, maintenance of knowledgebase, allocation of incidents and service requests, quality control of service requests and incidents. You will be working with Global Service Desks and 3rd party companies to ensure end to end completion of incidents and service requests. You will be carrying out service improvement activities, service desk reporting, and handling major incidents and escalations. You will have come from a 1st / 2nd line support background and have excellent communication skills. You will be comfortable and used to dealing with stakeholders and the dynamics of managing a team. This is a long term opportunity and could be an excellent opportunity to work with a global enterprise. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ServiceDeskTeamLead_job****