Title: Business Systems Analsyt
Webindex: 69249754
Company: Modis International Limited
Description: BA, Business Analyst, Business systems Analyst, NHS, SUS, SLAM, Data Warehousing I have an urgent need for a BSA to support the development of a Commissioning Intelligence system to meet the requirements of NHS commissioners of healthcare (Clinical Commissioning Groups) delivering accessible business intelligence through a range of products and user interfaces. The postholder will be required to collect information on processes across stakeholders, support the senior team in agreeing a consistent approach and developing functional specifications for modules to facilitate the development team in building the system. Examples of areas of work to be included are SUS / SLAM reconciliation, Activity Invoice Validation and Challenge, Contract monitoring. Job Responsibilities: > The Business Systems Analyst defines the requirements to facilitate development of the IT solution to resolve businessrelated problems, administer control of records and meet strategic organizational goals. > Identifies, defines, records and communicates user and functional requirements for necessary software, data storage and retention, or workflow and business process changes. > Performs investigational analysis and evaluation to determine project or application feasibility. > Develops cost and benefit estimates to establish project worth, including the development of alternatives and recommendations for new acquisitions or changes to existing applications or equipment. > Estimates resource and record management requirements and creates plans, timelines, milestones, user approvals, charts and reports for use in managing an assigned project. > Develops time schedules, conversion, and test procedures for all aspects of a system implementation, from manual handling through computer processing. > Prepares and maintains documentation, including procedures, system specifications, technical documentation, computer training materials and user manuals in compliance with legal and regulatory authorities and records management best practices. > Ability to prioritize independently, multiple requests and system requirements to meet the organizational goals. This is for an immediate start so please send your CV for immediate consideration.