Title: Security Operations Specialist (SOC)
Webindex: 68690850
Company: Modis
Description: Modis are recruiting for a number of Security Operations Specialists (SOC) to work for a global IT Services Provider based in Birmingham. You will work with a dedicated team safeguarding clients infrastructure and data systems to preserve customer information, whilst detecting evolving cyber threats across the IT estate. This is a ****x****x**** environment working in shifts, 4 days on, 4 days off (25% shift allowance). Key Responsibilities:  Working within a team whilst providing support to colleagues  Ensuring the integrity of client IT infrastructures  Operational Incident, Change and Problem activities relating to managed security components  Lead technical investigations related to security events and incidents in conjunction with other teams and 3rd parties  Protecting the information systems residing upon them from external and internal attack/compromise  Delivering Intrusion Detection/Prevention services and assisting with Investigations as a result of escalated problems and security alerts from client security information event management systems (SIEM)  Day to day operation of SIEM and security monitoring systems  Periodic and adhoc host Vulnerability Assessments and Application security assessments  Supporting research, analysis, and testing of network, systems, and industrial controls to mitigate risk to the infrastructure and our customers.  Perform audits for network/system security and risk management.  React to events including but not limited to computer forensics, virus and malware outbreaks.  Document procedures in accordance to internal policies.  Identify mitigating countermeasures to identified threats and vulnerabilities.  Creation of operational reporting in accordance with business and regulatory needs Key Requirements:  Good knowledge of networking and security services  Good knowledge of the physical configuration of IT systems  Experience of SIEM tools, preferably Sentinel  Experience with IDS/IPS preferable  Experience of Web Application Firewall technologies preferable  Experience with Java and JavaScript advantageous  Vulnerability Awareness/UnderstandingHMG Security Standards and Processes Qualifications:  Ideally CISSP, ACIA, ACSA or other security certification  CCNA or equivalent experience  A good working knowledge of networking, principles of routing, internet services, IDS, operating systems, communication protocols and their security implications Please note this role will require you to go through UK Government Security Clearance to SC Level. This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a global company, with unlimited career progression, training and a fantastic benefits package. Please send your CV for immediate review This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SecurityOperationsSpecialistSOC_job****