Title: Network Administrator  IT Training Company
Webindex: 70252417
Company: career minded people
Description: Our client is a well established successful IT training company looking for a professional, enthusiastic and experienced individual to join their growing IT support team. Based in their busy office near Dudley, where all of their operational activities and their classroom training takes place, you will generally work 9am to 5pm but may be required to work other shifts as necessary to support the business. There will be some requirement to work evenings and weekends and some need for travel to meet with suppliers. You will receive a generous basic salary, 22 days holiday per year, plus statutory days. Company health care and expenses provided in line with company policy. A smartphone for business purposes will also be provided. Position: Network Administrator/Infrastructure and Support Engineer Reporting to the Infrastructure and Support Manager Job Summary : You will be responsible for providing technical support to internal customers, as well as managing and maintaining the company’s infrastructure. You will also be expected to play an active role in developing the infrastructure for both the internal customers and its student body. You will liaise with internal customers and suppliers on a daily basis by face to face, phone, email, online and through social media where appropriate, always demonstrating the values of the Computeach brand. Key Responsibilities: Plans, organises, directs and controls all support work activity in the Infrastructure and Support function of IT, in line with the companies SLA’s; recommends and revises work procedures to meet business requirements Maintains complete inventory for departmental stocks and equipment and delivers reports as required Overall responsibility for the maintenance of the network infrastructure, servers and all client devices under the direction and management of the IT Infrastructure and Support Manager. Working with the IT Infrastructure and Support Manager and business application team to develop the corporate infrastructure as required for current IT Development projects. Maintaining the Hands on Lab environment for the delivery of online classes. Maintaining the development environment for the testing of new infrastructure and business applications. Maintaining the classroom environment. Implementing IT projects that are defined and planned with the liaison of the IT Infrastructure and Support Manager. Providing help and support for the business via telephone, face to face and email. Documenting the infrastructure and maintain change control documentation as systems are modified. Ensure that all IT equipment is PAT tested in line with current regulations Profile: Good communicator with great facetoface, telephone, written and presentation skills A confident individual with ambition and the determination to succeed A team player with a passion for excellent customer service A flexible individual who can deal effectively and professionally with a wide range of people and situations and work under pressure A pleasant and tactful person with an eye for detail who is results orientated and target driven Understanding of legislation and factors affecting the industry An individual with a flexible approach to work who is selfmotivated and can work on their own initiative Good working knowledge of social media tools including Twitter, Facebook and online forums O’ or GCSE level passes at C or above (or equivalent), including Maths and English Language Experience of using Windows Server **** Experience of managing Windows XP Exposure to Windows 7 Experience of using Active Directory/DNS/DHCP Experience of basic Exchange **** tasks Exposure of Networking Fundamentals Exposure and knowledge of the following would help, but is not essential: Windows Server ****/2012 Windows 7/**** Exchange 2010 Advanced Networking SAN management HyperV Full Clean driving license. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NetworkAdministratorITTrainingCompany_job****