Title: NET C / ASPNET Developer, (Ipad / IPhone / Android)
Webindex: 68806673
Company: Kyna Associates
Description: .NET C/ASP Developer, MVC, SOA (Ipad/IPhone/Android) Coventry GBP**** Health, Pension and Bonus .NET Developer with excellent C/ASP.NET skills is highly sought after by Kyna Associates for a market leading global organisation. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced C/ASP .NET developer to join a world class organisation who offers excellent career development opportunities, great working environment and an excellent salary and benefits package. This is an exciting new opportunity for an experienced C/ASP .NET Developer to take responsibility of Ipad/IPhone/ Android development using cutting edge technologies. This client is truly a world leader and number one in their field. In this position you will be responsible for driving forward Ipad, IPhone and android development. This role is fulfilling where you will be rewarded with fantastic benefits, excellent training and a dynamic working environment. Key skills and experiences required:  C/ASP .Net application development within a customer facing environment Experience of developing applications for IPhone/Ipad/Android Excellent working knowledge of mobile applications Experience of full software lifecycle development Experience of developing within SOA methodologies Developing cross platform sites to web standards Experience of working in an agile environment. The role of.Net developer will be a varied one. But will include: Assisting the development manager on designing and developing code modules. Identifying and implementing features that meet the enduser requirements while enhancing the overall user experience. Working with the graphic designers to improve the visual interface. Working closely with the QA analysts to resolve issues before going live. Provide development support for our .net portfolio of applications. Provide technical documentation of the application with guidelines. If you are an experienced C/ASP.NET Developer who is looking to join a leading organisation where you can work on exciting projects, then send in your CV to Kyna Associates straight away. Key Words: .NET, C, ASP.NET, SOA (Ipad/IPhone/Android)