Title: ERostering System Manager – Allocate Healthcare Rostering Systems
Webindex: 68673411
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: ERostering System Manager  Allocate Healthcare Rostering Systems Westcliff on Sea, Essex ****  **** DOE Plus Excellent Pension Scheme, Variety of Local Benefits, Occupational Health Service, Free Eye Tests, Childcare Benefits, 27 Days' Holiday Our client is a major trust within a national health provider. They are now seeking an ERostering System Manager to join their team. This is the ideal role for a professional with experience of Allocate Healthcare Rostering systems and a proven track record of developing and working with staff rosters to join a vital heath trust and play a major role in the development of future systems. As an ERostering System Manager, you'll be responsible for rolling out the MAPS ERostering system to the all staff within the organisation. Working with ward and clinical managers, you will develop and implement staff rosters in compliance with our client's policies and procedures. Reporting to the Senior Management, you will work with the project team to ensure the successful delivery of the project whilst providing user support and system management for the ERostering and ESR systems. This will include providing help and guidance for system usage and technical queries and giving expert advice where required. Coordinating, arranging and delivering system training to all managers, you will assist in change management processes ensuring effective communication throughout the organisation. In this key role, you will ensure all the potential issues or risks to the project are dealt with and communicated to the relevant parties. In this dynamic role, your other duties will include:  Representing the organisation with regional and national user groups to develop best practice  Acting as an advocate for ERostering within the organisation  Preparing monthly KPI reports and updating the Project Board and the Senior Management Team of project progress  Supervising system management and user support for the ERostering system  Chairing the respective system user groups To be considered, you must have:  A proven track record of using Allocate Healthcare Rostering systems and of training others in their use  Experience of developing and working with staff rosters  Strong knowledge of the European Working Time Directive (EWTD)  A degree Additionally, as an ERostering System Manager, you must possess excellent planning and organisational skills, coupled with plenty of initiative to organise your own workload. You must also have first class training, presentation and interpersonal skills. To apply for the role of ERostering System Manager (Allocate Healthcare Rostering Systems), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: ERostering System Manager, Allocate Healthcare Rostering Systems, Staff Rostering Manager, Project Manager, EWTD Manager, Systems Project Manager, Resources Logistics Manager, Rostering Officer, Operations Manager, HR System Project Manager, Project Manager, Project Team Leader, Systems Change Manager, Change Manager. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ERosteringSystemManagerAllocateHealthcareRosteringSystems_job****