Title: Project Manager, Infrastructure, Data Centres
Webindex: 69036982
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd
Description: Project Manager, Infrastructure, Data Centres An experienced Infrastructure Project Manager with experience working within an enterprise level environment is required to join my global client based in Oxford. The Infrastructure Project Manager will be managing a number of infrastructure based projects largely focusing on Data Centres. The Infrastructure Project Manager will be required to effectively manage and deliver a number of infrastructure projects ranging in size, budgets and complexity. The Infrastructure Project Manager will also be required to build and manage relationships with senior management and stakeholders. The successful Project Manager will have proven experience in infrastructure project management preferably within an enterprise level environment. The successful candidate will also have proven experience managing projects relating to Data Centre infrastructure. Ideally the Infrastructure Project Manager will have past experience working within a mixed environment including UNIX, Windows and Linux. Proven experience in stakeholder management will also be required to be successful in this role. The salary for this position is to ****  Benefits. The role would be commutable from Cheltenham, Witney, Abingdon, High Wycombe, Wallingford and Newbury. Project Manager, Infrastructure, Data Centres Referral Scheme: If this role isn’t for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT.If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford’s leading IT Recruitment agency.With exclusive access to some of the region’s most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProjectManagerInfrastructureDataCentres_job****