Title: Network / Systems Engineer  CCNA / CCNP / CCIE / Cisco
Webindex: 68677272
Company: Hewett Recruitment
Description: Network / Systems Engineer, CCNA, CCNP, CCIE, Cisco, ITIL, Worcestershire, West Midlands. Network / Systems Engineer, CCNA, CCNP, CCIE, Cisco, ITIL, Worcestershire, West Midlands. A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an ambitious infrastructure professional to join a rapidly growing global service provider based in Worcestershire. The company offer strategic ICT infrastructure and data centre solutions and are seeking a number of Engineers to join their expanding team. You will be involved across the full project development life cycle, with responsibilities including, but not limited to: technical input on bid documentation; attending client meetings as a technical expert; mentoring junior team members; troubleshooting, issue resolution and fault escalation; liaising with 3rd party suppliers and other stakeholders; creating and executing project work plans; adhering to SLA requirements; producing and maintaining accurate project documentation. The successful applicants will be CCNA qualified and ideally have or be working towards CCNP or CCIE status, with an ITIL Foundation certification also very advantageous. You will have a proven track record in a similar role, designing and implementing high end services and solutions to a broad client base, with extensive client facing experience and strong customer support experience. It is expected that you will have experience of delivering excellent service within a high value environment and be comfortable installing and supporting solutions remotely and onsite at customer location. You should have strong skills with remote access technologies and ideally have experience with some or all of the following: Cisco / AlcatelLucent routing and switching; WANADSL; Nexus; NetApps; Microsoft; AV; Telepresence. Due to the nature of the work involved and the fact that 50% of your time will be spent at client site, candidates must hold a full UK driving licence and be prepared to travel overseas. This is a brilliant chance to join a fast growing business offering excellent career and personal development and the chance to work on some very exciting, cutting edge projects. Based in Worcestershire, commutable from Worcester, Malvern, Cheltenham, Gloucester, Ledbury, Hereford, Evesham, Pershore, Droitwich Spa, Redditch, Bromsgrove, StratforduponAvon, Kidderminster and Birmingham. Salary **** commensurate with experience, plus car allowance and bonus. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NetworkSystemsEngineerCCNACCNPCCIECisco_job****