Title: Spanish/Italian Client Implementation/Documentation Advisor
Webindex: 71526517
Company: The People Network
Description: Spanish/Italian Client Implementation/Documentation Advisor up to ****k Our client is a leading global bank, who provides a variety of services including banking, investments as well as asset & risk management. We are currently recruiting for a Client Implementation/Documentation Advisor to manage liquidity products with key clients. This is an excellent opportunity to join a well established and highly reputable bank working in a challenging and diverse client facing role implementing and installing banking products. The role of the Client Implementation/Documentation Advisor • Project managing the implementation of financial products to new and existing clients. • Work closely with the client to direct the delivery and execution of the projects in line within agreed time constraints • Turning around documents in tight deadlines • Sweeping and pooling legal agreements as part of liquidity management • Provide support, assistance and guidance to Sales and Product Teams through the sales process. To be considered for this role you will have experience working for a leading bank. You will also have the following skills: • Client Implementation/Documentation experience. • Experience working in the banking sector. • Experience working with Liquidity products. • Fluent in English and Spanish or Italian • Experience of implementation on a client site. • Ebanking / Ecommerce is desirable • Attention to detail and methodical approach • Self motivated to identify and promote new improved processes and procedures This is an opportunity to join a growing company delivering challenging projects on a global scale with exceptional future career progression opportunities. In addition to the basic salary this role has excellent additional benefits. If you have the skills / experience detailed in the bullet points above then please ensure it is clear on your CV. Alternatively please send a separate covering note detailing your experience. The People Network is an employment agency and will respond to all applicants within 7 days.