Title: Network Infrastructure Analyst  12 Month FTC
Webindex: 67133970
Description: A truly outstanding opportunity has arisen for a Technical Infrastructure with one of the most well known organisations in the UK. You will have an excellent understanding of Wintel Infrastructure, Storage and Server and Desktop Security. Role Purpose: To design, develop, launch Network Infrastructure solutions to:  Enable rapid realisation of business benefits.  Develop and deploy quick win resolution to problems directly impacting or posing risk to existing Services.  Prototype solutions as part of a standard project development to better understand requirements and solution design Responsibilities:  Develop existing or identify and implement new technologies quickly, ensuring that appropriate project methodologies are followed but with an emphasis on fast identification of appropriate solutions and fast, high quality deployment into the live environment.  Build an effective working relationship with the relevant IT Operations teams, Technical Architects, vertical IT teams and line business users  Perform business analysis (typically up to 2 days per project) to clarify user / business requirements  Launch solutions with appropriate training to end users, so that users can maximise the value of the product.  Support new solutions and their users at 3rd level so that agreed SLAs are met. For replacement of existing solutions, ensure that legacy technologies / equipment are fully decommissioned at the earliest opportunity.  Close down the solution when its defined lifetime has expired and complete a review with stakeholders so that learning s can be captured and shared.  Provide status updates to the line manager and share information with other IT and business stakeholders  Identify opportunities to upgrade, stabilise or improve existing Services to ensure ongoing high performance and supportability.  Work with the Solutions Delivery Manager to schedule multiple work streams and prioritise project deliverables.  Working with the IT Architecture team and vendors, plan technology roadmaps and work with IT Support teams to keep our Live environment up to date, fit for purpose and supportable. This will involve forward planning to ensure that appropriate resource and budget are made available and that deployments are implemented in good time to avoid reactive panic as vendor version support deadlines are reached.  Keep up to date on technologies via desk research, vendor meetings, teleconferences with industry analysts (e.g. Gartner s, LTM s, Proxies, DMZ, Wireless Security)  Network Load Balancing (F**** s, NLBS)  Desktop infrastructure technology (PCs, laptops  configuration and management)  Server infrastructure (hardware, OS)  Storage infrastructure (SAN, backup technologies) You will also possess:  Proven stakeholder management skills and relationship building at all levels including senior managers  Effective development and delivery of successful IT projects within a professional IT department  Awareness of the principles of Technical Architecture and IT Ops/Support  Broad and deep understanding of the airline travel market would be an advantage Good team player  Experienced and confident in report writing techniques and presentations to IT team and senior line of business managers.  Management of external suppliers and keeping them to work agreements  Strong ability to keep abreast of new technology and business developments / innovations in a broad landscape.  Selfmotivated to see projects through their entire lifecycle, from inception to full deployment.  Report writing and presentation skills.  Ability to juggle changing priorities and react quickly to identified needs To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy