Title: SAP SD Lead Consultant
Webindex: 68681059
Company: Whitehall Resources Ltd
Description: SAP SD Lead Consultant Whitehall Resources require a SAP Sales and Distribution (SD) Lead Consultant with 6 years experience. The successful candidate will have completed at least **** project implementations with proven skills across solution design, functional configuration, testing, cutover and support within SAP SD. They will Lead the SAP SD module within a team of 25 solution architects; to ensure all project design remains in line with the client’s strategy and to use the standard SAP template wherever possible. This is an excellent opportunity to be involved in a large scale global SAP implementation. The Lead role will be responsible for putting the right designs and solutions in place, acting as the foremost expert within the UK organisation for SAP SD. Although this role is SAP SD (Sales Distribution) it is the sales side that is important. Therefore experience in order processes, pricing, rebates, billing etc is preferable to stock movements, deliveries and returns. This is a traditional role that requires someone with strong SAP SD experience. They must have been through a several project life cycles with experience of solution design (blueprinting, functional specification) as well as systems build and testing experience. Essential Skills:  6 years SAP SD Configuration and implementation experience  Completed at least **** full project life cycle implementations  Specific proven expertise across SAP Order processes, Pricing, Rebates and Billing  Proven Manufacturing SAP project implementation experience  A consultant that is motivated and has the energy to meet the demands of a dynamic, market leading and highly regarded named brand.  Proven skills in SAP solution design, delivery, testing, cutover and support  Proven ECC6 Project experience  Experience in turning requirements into design on more than **** medium to high complexity projects  Excellent communication and negotiation skills  The enthusiasm to make a positive contribution to the wider team This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAPSDLeadConsultant_job****