Title: SEO Account Manager
Webindex: 67790816
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Exposed Solutions are recruiting on behalf of one of their Yorkshire based clients; an award winning digital marketing agency specialising in PayPerClick (PPC), search engine optimisation (SEO), conversion optimisation and website analytics. Our client is looking for an SEO Account Manager to join their growing team and help support the increasing number of clients. Job Purpose: The SEO account manager's main duties are to plan, manage and implement SEO strategies for allocated SEO clients. Responsibilities: Be responsible for the relationship between their company and allocated clients, acting as the main point of contact. Manage client budgets to ensure the best and most effective allocation of budget. Plan all SEO tasks effectively to ensure timely and highquality delivery of all SEO activity for your allocated accounts. This will include tasks such as: Detailed keyword research Website and analytics analysis to identify any issues and opportunities for improvement Formulating recommendations to improve onpage SEO for clients Highlighting offpage opportunities Undertaking the above specifically for SEO reports, SEO Audits and ongoing client optimisation Working closely with the OffPage SEO Manager and the offpage team to ensure campaign strategy is communicated across the team, and to ensure implementation of the strategy. Delegate SEO tasks to SEO Executives and other team members when required, ensuring timely completion of work to a high standard. Produce regular progress reports and summaries for clients. Attend client visits in the UK and overseas, when required Train new members of the team, as required. Make recommendations for improvements to SEO processes and procedures, ensuring continuous development of the SEO offering. Keep abreast of industry developments to ensure continuous development of the SEO offering. The right candidate should be able to demonstrate an aptitude for SEO, and have account management experience. SEO, PPC, SEO reports, SEO Audits, SEO offering, Budgeting, Client, Management, Accounts, Planning SEO, PPC, SEO reports, SEO Audits, SEO offering, Budgeting, Client, Management, Accounts, Planning SEO, PPC, SEO reports, SEO Audits, SEO offering, Budgeting, Client, Management, Accounts, Planning SEO, PPC, SEO reports, SEO Audits, SEO offering, Budgeting, Client, Management, Accounts, Planning SEO, PPC, SEO reports, SEO Audits, SEO offering, Budgeting, Client, Management, Accounts, Planning ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role.