Title: Test Analyst  Award winning Software House
Webindex: 71565905
Company: VPSS
Description: Test Analyst required to join cloud based software house to work alongside their busy development team to deliver SaaS based solutions. This is an opportunity to join one of the UK's fastest growing organisations with a number of best employer awards to their name, working on innovative Cloud based software for a diverse range of end clients within an Agile Environment you will be a vital member in the Test function ensuring the quality of their products remain market leading. Working in a highly autonomous position you will play a part in Test strategy, Producing Test Approaches, Scripts, Fault Fix testing, new features testing to include documentation and UAT, Regression testing where possible automating procedures to compliment Manual based tests. In addition to your technical skills you will be a visible member of the wider Development team working with key stake holders to provide a source of information on Usability, requirement documents, highlighting changes that may impact other areas of a project and assisting in brain storming sessions. Successful candidates will be excellent communicators both in written and verbal English. You will display knowledge of Functional, regression (automated and Manual) test methods gained from within an Agile environment. Candidates with prior exposure to SaaS and/or financial software would be of particular interest though this is by no means a mandatory requirement. Relevant test qualifications though welcome are not a prerequisite more important is a stable career which displays a breadth of test knowledge combined with an out going positive personality. The successful candidate can expect the opportunity to further their career within the business; plans for extensive growth over the coming years will offer opportunities in many areas of the business. Despite their success my client have gone to great efforts to retain their office culture with a real 'family' feel being promoted at all levels. The MD is still an active member of the team and still recalls starting the company from his living room. Social meets and a sense of corporate responsibility are high on the companies policies so outgoing personalities who are happy to voice an opinion and muck in with the rest of the team will be well suited to the business. Above all the company are an award winning employer who recognise the 'people in the business ARE the business'. Value is placed on the 'individual' and this is a trait that is set to continue as they push forward their growth plans. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TestAnalystAwardwinningSoftwareHouse_job****