Title: Communications Manager : Centre of Excellence : Oil & Gas
Webindex: 69038902
Company: Eaglecliff
Description: Communications Manager : Centre of Excellence : World Leading Oil and Gas Co. Start Date: ASAP Duration: 12 Months Initially World Leading Global Energy Oil Company has an exciting opportunity for a Communications Manager to provide efficient, effective design and production of communication material. The materials include campaign visualisation, conceptual design, print and digital media projects, including offering support to exhibitions/conferences and events team and the effective presentations department Accountabilities:  Direct control of up to **** jobs per month  Direct control of the costs for D P jobs costing up to ****k per annum.  Building of excellent working relationships  Direct ownership of Production focused project throughout its lifecycle.  Working with the customer/clients to shape their requirements  Briefing the design and production teams  Calculation of costs for each project  Quality control at the design and production stages  Liaison with the customer throughout the project lifecycle  Administration of each project  Developing and recording project plans  Provide input for regular ‘report out’ sessions  Act as ambassador for the Production Centre of Excellence.  Ensure all processes are compliant with relevant HSSE, ethic, legal and branding policies  Achievement of ‘best value’ for each job i.e. lowest cost for an agreed level of quality. Skills and Experience:  5 years’ experience in a creative environment, working with brands (agency or internal department).  Industry experience in Design, communications, print manufacturing (3 years).  Strong knowledge in DTP applications (Adobe Illustrator / Adobe Photoshop / Acrobat / InDesign).  Good working knowledge of all appropriate MSOffice packages and experienced in budget management.  Strong leadership skills, coupled with demonstrated customerfacing skills.  2 years’ experience of relationship management with external partners. Knowledge:  An industry wide knowledge in brand and communication developments.  Sound understanding of contract and procurement, financial structures and processes. This needs combining with a positive attitude and an ability to work within a large, globally dispersed project team in a multicultural environment. You also need to be a selfstarter, a logical thinker and a quick learner, with strong initiative and excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation skills, able to write clearly and concisely. We believe in equality of opportunity for all job applicants regardless of gender, marital status, race, colour, nationality, ethnic origin, creed or religion, disability, sexual orientation or age. Specialising within Energy Trading, Oil Gas, Financial Markets and TV Entertainment, Eaglecliff Recruitment is ISO accredited, a Member of REC and listed within the top 4% for Financial stability by Dunn Bradstreet. Please telephone or email your CV for an immediate response. Eaglecliff Ltd is acting in the capacity of an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for contractor resourcing. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CommunicationsManagerCentreofExcellenceOilGas_job****