Title: Oracle Technical Architect
Webindex: 64796869
Description: Oracle's current acquisition strategy is creating new opportunities within our Clients to take their current IT Systems to the next level. As one of the largest Independent Oracle Consulting Practices in the UK, We currently have an organization who is at the forefront of delivering these innovative solutions  we understand that core to our Clients is the ability for our Consultants to articulate these leading edge IT solutions to resolve their complex business and technical problems. As such we are looking for a number of highly experienced senior Oracle Technical Architects. Your primary role will be to take a leading position on our major Oracle programmes; this will typically be as the lead Technical Design Authority or lead Architect on our large scale Oracle programmes. Increasingly our Oracle programmes include a significant breadth of products and technologies often including Oracle EBusiness Suite, SOA, Business Intelligence, Identity Management combined with complex security requirements. Therefore it is essential that the Candidate has a significant breadth of architectural understanding and knowledge across Oracle's portfolio of products. Key Responsibilities The opportunity to work as the lead Architect or TDA on our multimillion pound highly complex and challenging Oracle implementations. Responsibility for the endtoend technology or solution design which will include a complex breadth of products and technologies Some aspects of commercial and management responsibility. An opportunity to work with the very latest technologies including Oracle Fusion Applications, Exadata / Exalogic and BPM Presales technical and architectural support during the sales cycle Personal Profile We are looking to recruit high calibre candidates with experience of delivering major consultancy assignments with the following skills: Must have experience of full project lifecycles gained in a consulting environment; Must have a proven track record of leading delivery and/or managing teams through an Oracle EBusiness Suite or complex Fusion Middleware implementation; Ability to demonstrate depth and breadth across a wide range of Oracle products and technologies is essential; Must have a deep knowledge of at least one key area of the Oracle product set; Deep infrastructure architecture knowledge or experience with Exadata is also desirable. Must have a broad knowledge of Oracle product strategy, market and product trends; Experience of Oracle presales and writing / delivering bids and sales presentations. Therefore strong communication skills is essential Requirement to have or be able to obtain UK Government (SC) or Police (NPPV) security clearance (requirement to have been a resident in the UK for the last 5 years is essential)