Title: C Developer  NET, ASPNET
Webindex: 66981068
Company: Matchtech
Description: Software Engineer / Developer  C, ASP.Net, .Net, SQL Server, XML, C++, COM  Eastleigh  [blocked]k  benefits. This is an excellent opportunity to join a leading Software Solution Provider developing solutions used by the retail sector globally. You'll be developing Software Products for the retail sector that are used by a number of high profile / international retailers and will play a key role in the ongoing development of the transaction based software products. The company have a number of Microsoft awards and from day one you can expect to be working on high profile projects and applications supported by an experienced development team and a proven training programme. A wide range of core languages and technologies are used including .Net, C, ASP.Net, XML and XSL focusing on Microsoft family of operating systems and SQL Server 2005 databases. The company also have a number of international offices and clients so there are opportunities to travel as part of the role. Responsibilities include: •Design, code and unit test software feature extensions to the existing product set as well as new software solutions. •Configure the software products to customer’s needs and build installation packages for QA validation •Use the defined best practice approaches to software development and database / architectural design to ensure scalable and high performance solutions are developed Skills and Experience: •Bachelors or Master’s degree in computer science or a related field or similar. •Ideally some commercial experience in a development role, though new graduates will be considered •Good eye for usability considerations in the GUI ad the workflow as well as technical programming skills •Experience of software languages and technologies including Microsoft .Net (C) WCF, WPF XML, ASP.NET HTML, COM (C++) SQL Server SQL RS SOA mobile is beneficial. •Good analytical, problem solving and numerical skills are essential. There is a strong team ethic and it's an excellent place to work, learn and grow as an Analyst Programmer / Software Engineer. The company are based in Eastleigh, Hampshire and are easily commutable from the Portsmouth and Southampton areas. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.