Title: Project Manager  Infrastructure / Network / Virtualisation
Webindex: 67947053
Company: C.O.A.L IT. Services Ltd
Description: Project Manager  Infrastructure / Network / Virtualisation My client, a leading IT Services and hardware/software supplier are looking for a Project Manager to join the team in their London office. The Project Manager will be predominantly based on client site; however some office presence will be required. Essential Skills of the Project Manager:  Demonstrable knowledge of modern project management techniques, stakeholder negotiations, resource scheduling, task allocation, budgeting, accounting and reporting.  Provide advice on all projects to ensure set standards of quality and corporate branding are followed. This will be through interaction and the production of requirements documentation.  Maximise profitability by minimising project creep and utilising resource correctly. Projects are to be scoped correctly from the start to ensure that a realistic schedule is created.  Indepth knowledge of IT Solutions, usability, and fitnessforpurpose. This will include an understanding of legislation relating to modern business requirements e.g. data storage and disposal.  The Project manager will have good time management skills with the ability to work under minimal supervision where necessary. Responsibilities of the Project Manager:  Manage projects to the triple constraint of time, budget and scope and strive to exceed client expectations  Demonstrable knowledge of modern project management techniques, stakeholder negotiations, resource scheduling, task allocation, budgeting, accounting and reporting. Provide advice on all projects to ensure set standards of quality and corporate branding are followed.  Maximise profitability by minimising project creep and utilising resource correctly.  Maintain strong focus on ensuring PIDs, designs, plans, and Initiation Documentation etc. are base lined and tracked accordingly.  Indepth knowledge of IT Solutions, usability, and fitnessforpurpose. This will include an understanding of legislation relating to modern business requirements e.g. data storage and disposal.  Define the risk profiles for each project, maintain and manage the risk and issue log for each project, put in place contingency plans to minimise business risk  Prepare and present project status reports to Client and inhouse Management teams as necessary  Maintain a change control database with records and impact assessments of all changes that have come about during the project lifecycle. Ensure Client instigated changes are properly captured, approved and funded  The Project manager will have good time management skills with the ability to work under minimal supervision where necessary. Package: ****k Excellent benefits London Project Manager  Infrastructure / Network / Virtualisation