Title: Telecoms Sales Specialist Required – Near Wigan – ****kOTE
Webindex: 70755025
Company: Penguin Recruitment Ltd
Description: Our client has gained long standing expertise selling Telecoms solutions to businesses across the UK, and due to expansion, are now looking to add to their Account Management team Consequently, they are seeking an enthusiastic and driven professional to join their friendly and outgoing organisation within their sales team. You will enjoy an uncapped and industry leading commission package and the chance to develop a long term career within the organisation. You will be responsible for the full sales cycle including new business and account management to develop your customer portfolio. In turn, you will actively develop your IT Solutions and Telecoms expertise to cater for customer needs and create bespoke solutions. You will however be supported by an experienced technical team who will deliver and provide exceptional service to you and your clients. The ideal candidate will have worked in either IT or Telecoms within a sales capacity so that you are familiar with working towards targets, and looking to dramatically enhance your salary potential. You will not be afraid of picking up the phone and developing a rapport with businesses to facilitate their technical needs and requirements. Consequently, you will enjoy a competitive starting salary which is open to negotiation dependent on your level of experience within the industry. This organisation will spend time and money investing in your career and develop with them, as shown by their high retention rate in staff. There is also a leading employee package which their sales team will look forward to talking to you about in more detail at interview. For immediate consideration, please send your CV directly to Gemma Bubb: gemma.bubbpenguinrecruitment.co.uk. Alternatively, you can call Gemma on **** to discuss further opportunities in the area. Commutable Locations  Wigan, Billinge. Warrington, Widnes, Runcorn, St Helens, Prescto, Frodsham, Helsby, Northwich, Lymm, Knutsford, Altrincham, Partington, Irlam, Woolston, Risely, Salford, Leigh, Golborne, Haydock, Burtonwood, Barnton, Abram, Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions