Title: Salesforcecom CRM Administrator
Webindex: 68194543
Company: ARM
Description: Salesforce.com Administrator (Contract)  Berkshire Commutable from Surrey, Hampshire, Middlesex, London, West Sussex, Wiltshire, Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire. 6 month contract, ****  ****pd Salesforce.com, MS Dynamics, SQL, MS Access, administration, marketing, sales, support, databases. My client, a major Diesel Engine Manufacturer in Berkshire is seeking a Salesforce.com Administrator for 6 months initially, to manage the CRM (Customer Relationship Management) System on a daily basis. Reporting to the Competence Centre Manager, the Salesforce.com Administrator is responsible for managing the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system on a day to day basis. The successful person will be process oriented, pays close attention to detail and has an analytical way of thinking. Additionally this role require in depth knowledge of sales, marketing, product support and business processes. Responsibilities Police company data, which is entered by a number of CRM users Ensure that data is correct across accounts, contacts, opportunities, etc Identify correct errors made by system users Communicate errors made by users in a friendly way in a helpful manner Check to ensure that all opportunities are up to date Ensure all data fields are populated correctly at all times Report improper system usage of the CRM System to senior management Provide data mapping from some legacy systems, transforming it and delete duplicate records in the CRM system. Provide central point of contact (2nd level) for all change requests and system alterations Create and update user manuals, policies and procedures Work with senior management to ensure key functionalities are understood Enforce new user adoption by monitoring login history and data added into the system Provide help desk support for all users  escalating to IT and Vendor if required Build custom reports and dashboards specific to job functions Maintain controls of access rights, security settings and user privileges Prevent unauthorised access from exemployees via de provisioning Provide of newuser logons Provide all new users with CRM System training Importing and exporting of data as required (customer master, leads, events, account attributes, products, price lists, etc.) Working with IT to manage project implementation and back end integration Developing new reports and dashboards as per business requirements Skillset / background required: Good skills and knowledge of databases  SQL, MS Access other relational databases Exposure to Salesforce.com or MS Dynamics is required University degree or college diploma in business or information technology Minimum 2 years exposure to marketing or sales administration Knowledge of marketing and sales processes Ability to develop relationships and work with senior level executives Solid business acumen, management and problem solving skills Strong computer skills This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, SaaS, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunications, Manufacturing and much, much more. We will never send your CV without your permission.