Title: Project (Deployment) Manager  ETRM, Trading, IT, Energy, FST
Webindex: 68836585
Description: Project (Deployment) Manager  ETRM, Trading, IT, Energy, FST London or Zurich  up to EUR**** p.a. ETRM, CTRM, Energy, Trading, FST, Systems, Risk, Management, Implementation, SQL, Oil, Gas, Power, Commodities, Project Manager ETRM/CTRM vendor seeks an experienced Deployment Manager/ Project Manager based in London with a proven track record of managing complex software implementation consulting engagements. This position has primary project management accountability to define, prepare and lead the execution of ETRM software and solutions implementations for customers and the management of consulting team members assigned to the project. Key Responsibilities for the Project Manager (ETRM, IT, Trading, FST, Energy)  Leads enterprise software deployments (relying on strong project management experience) that meet customers business requirements and are within budget and timeline performance criteria  Confers and collaborates with business and technology executives, PMO, senior leadership team, and project sponsors to create overall project plan, including business and technical elements.  Ensures that deployments follow established implementation methodology and processes to ensure quality, repeatability, and efficiency of the software implementation.  Responsible for setting achievable deployment milestones, identifying and communicating scheduling conflicts, and determining alternative solutions to deployment problems through strong strategic relationships with key validation, development and project management stakeholders.  Conducts performance management and provides employee performance evaluations at completion of the project assignment, and may be asked to delegate projects/tasks as appropriate to enhance developmental opportunities for employees.  Trains consultants on the project management tools, and consulting policies, procedures and methodologies. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities needed for the Project Manager (ETRM, IT, Trading, FST, Energy)  Experience in working with commodities such energy, power, oil, gas, coal or metals  Excellent written and oral communication skills  Often engagements are outside of the Project Manager s home office, and as such the Project Manager needs to be prepared for potential travel of 75%, if projects so dictate  Candidate must be capable of working with minimum supervision and consistently delivering against expectations  Candidate must be a team player and be ready to contribute to activities outside his/her direct area of responsibility as and when required to do so  3 Years of experience in Managing Financial Trading and Risk Management Software system implementations. This fantastic opening will provide the right candidate with the chance to become a subject matter expert in our client s software product in addition to gaining significant exposure to a variety of financial services ETRM / commodities trading areas. The post holder will also be gaining experience in fronttoback software implementation projects in a fast moving and transferable part of the financial services industry. This is an urgent position to fill so please contact Richard Westmacott at Harrington Starr London or Zurich  up to EUR**** p.a. ETRM, CTRM, Energy, Trading, FST, Systems, Risk, Management, Implementation, SQL, Oil, Gas, Power, Commodities, Project Manager Project (Deployment) Manager  ETRM, Trading, IT, Energy, FST