Title: AUTOMATED QA ENGINEER SELENIUM CLOUD CALLABORATION TRAINING
Webindex: 69687427
Company: NFP Grp Ltd T/A First Point IT
Description: OPEN SOURCE AUTOMATED QA ENGINEER  SELENIUM RC/WEBDRIVER OR SIMILAR Cutting Edge Cloud Based Collaboration Market Leader TRAINING ON SCRUM, CUCUMBER AND BDD. To meet the growing need of their software products and services, a unique opportunity has arisen to join a specialist Cloud Based Collaboration company based in London. This is a forwardthinking organisation with a dynamic atmosphere and a flair for constantly pushing the boundaries of technology. The company is a huge investor in people so its a great opportunity to launch your career and the sky is the limit in terms of development and career progression. We are looking for software testers who have good experience of open source automation and are comfortable working in fast paced TDD or BDD environments. As a QA engineer, you will be part of a talented development team and will report to the QA Manager, while working within the development team. Its essential that the Test Analyst has an excellent understanding of the full SDLC and STLC in order to help the Developers produce high quality testable code. The Test Analysts who work here are passionate about evangelising the act of testing so its essential that you are highly motivated and creative in your testing skills and abilities. The ideal QA Analyst will have a good spectrum of some of the following skills: Good experience supporting Agile development within Scrum or Kanban using various software lifecycle management tools. Good knowledge of a programming language such as C, Ruby, Java, C++ etc. Lean, productminded and focused on endtoend delivery, you can collaborate proactively with developers, system engineers within a crossfunctional team, capable to work in a fast paced environment Strong in user story analysis skills, you can help developers by defining scenarios and help them implement automated tests Working experience of an automation tool such as Selenium, Eggplant or Sikuli. There is a training for the employees and they will be trained in BDD/Behavioural Driven Development and Cucumber No terminology in this advert is designed to discriminate on grounds of gender, race, colour, religion, creed, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation. First Point IT are an equalopportunity employer and do not discriminate against these or any other class protected by applicable law.