Title: Project Manager / Business Analyst
Webindex: 62269684
Company: Sharpe Recruitment
Description: A fast growing SaaS / Software Development Company are looking for an experienced Project Manager / Business Analyst . PURPOSE OF THE JOB: This role is in the busy technology department within one of the UK's most dynamic companies in the online marketing space. The role is based in the company headquarters in the North East. Having established itself on the international stage, the company is undertaking a major expansion, resulting in the technology team requiring strengthening in various areas. DUTIES RESPONSIBILITIES:  Plan and manage the delivery of technical projects  Act as the bridge between the Companys Product Management function and the technical team, translating business requirements into technical requirements for both functional and nonfunctional areas (e.g. security, usability, performance etc.)  To represent customers during the project lifecycle.  To help ensure all output produced by the tech teams comply with current legislation, standards and best practice, as dictated by government and professional bodies.  Deliver high quality solutions  Collaboration and relationships CANDIDATE: Likely to be educated to at least degree standard. Likely to have further professional qualifications relating to project management analysis. Your experience:  Significant experience and a successful track record of delivering complex software that meet users' needs in a professional development organisation.  Strong project manager, with at least 5 years industry experience.  Experienced analysing and modelling business processes and operation. Examples: functional business models, statistical process control, relational data modelling, use cases.  Experience of specifying and shaping new software features.  Experience of working in a software development team.  How to influence and persuade others to take a specific course of action when there is no direct line of command or control.  Customer facing experience. If you are interested in the advertised position please apply through the requested method and we will be in touch shortly with regards to your suitability for the role. Sharpe Recruitment is a North East based consultancy, dedicated to placing professionals in rewarding jobs throughout the North of England across a variety of disciplines including Digital Media, Creative Advertising, Sales Marketing, PR, IT and Business Operations.