Title: Senior Software Engineer C / Net
Webindex: 66770204
Description: Our client are looking for Senior Software Engineers with good experience of C and .NET. The Senior Software Engineer will apply experience of working extensively within a SCRUM team that creates software products that support radiotherapy treatment. Essential experience includes: C, .NET XML, WPF, WCF SOA, ClientServer Applications Object oriented software design User interface design and development Additional experience of the following: Working in an Agile software development Test Driven Development ScrumMaster Relational Databases and SQL WindowsXP/Vista/Windows 7 development Visual C++ Safety critical systems development Developing for clientserver applications Responsibilities: The Software Engineer is responsible for the specification, design, implementation and test of software for megavoltage radiation therapy and allied products. Represent the Software Engineering Section on allocated projects and software product maintenance. Inform the Software Engineering Manager of any safety hazards in the working environment. Inform Engineering Leaders of safety hazards in products under development or in use. Record all contacts with outside agencies, including customers and field service engineers, and report such contacts to the Project Manager, or if appropriate the Software Engineering Manager. Maintain a record of the time spent on each activity undertaken, and submit a timesheet each week. Ensure that all products are developed in accordance with the published software engineering lifecycle and its supporting procedures and local work instructions. Ensure that customer requirements are well understood and adequately documented. Analyse requirements and produce documented product designs utilising approved tools. Ensure that all designs and changes are subjected to the appropriate level of review. Make provision for adequate testing and inspection of code produced in order to ensure quality in accordance with the published verification plan. Ensure that adequate records of these verification activities are kept. Ensure that all code released into a build has been adequately tested and that the impact on the rest of the software product is defined and limited. Additional roles may be assigned by the Software Engineering Manager as part of a project or a process improvement initiative. Qualifications: Minimum of an HNC in an engineering discipline Fluent in English Knowledge and understanding of software engineering disciplines, practices, and techniques Structured and professional approach to engineering To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.