Title: Exchange Connectivity Engineer  ECN  IT Consultant  London  up to
Webindex: 72160840
Company: Square One Resources
Description: Exchange Connectivity Engineer job, ECN Specialist job, IT Support job, IT Administrator job, IT, ECN Support, Exchange Connectivity Support, IT Support, 1st line support, 2nd line support, 3rd line support, Microsoft, Wintel, Windows O/S Servers, European Exchange, SWX, Deutsche Boerse, LSE, MISS Servers, UNIX, Linux, Windows, ITRS, Radianz, TNS, London, UK Exchange Connectivity Engineer job/ECN IT Specialist job required for a leading financial services client based in London. Candidates will be working in a hugely successful and professional team, having responsibility for the support and coordination of exchange connections and exchange connectivity ECN, as well as contributing to exciting project work. Candidates can have experience in any of the following areas; IT, ECN Support, Exchange Connectivity Support, IT Support, 1st line support, 2nd line support, 3rd line support, Microsoft, Wintel, Windows O/S Servers, European Exchange, SWX, Deutsche Boerse, LSE, MISS Servers, UNIX, Linux, Windows, ITRS, Radianz, TNS, etc. This job is an opportunity for an experienced ECN Exchange Connectivity Consultant to work for a rapidly growing and dynamic company. The client is based in London, with a rapidly growing IT Infrastructure to work with. They want to focus on the development of their staff to suit their career needs and career goals. Requirements; Good solid experience and knowledge of IT Infrastructure (Windows eg.) UNIX or Linux experience (grep/grepping files) Solid knowledge of ECN Exchange Connectivity Any experience in the following areas; I T, ECN Support, Once again, this role will involve working for an experienced team in an exciting and cuttingedge company. In order to attract the best candidates, a generous salary package of ****  **** is being offered. If you feel you have the necessary skills and experience for this job, please apply now.