Title: Test Environment Manager
Webindex: 66924925
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Test Environment Manager **** Coventry Role Objective:  The Environment Manager will own and manage the non production environments ensuring that an appropriate quality of service is delivered to time, cost schedule of use and manage any risks and interdependencies that may arise in the use of non production environments.  To resolve conflicts and avoid contention or delays to key Projects or Releases.  Identify environments that can coexist between project work streams for test phases.  Provide facilities to ensure application deliverables are at the correct level and in the correct location within the non production environment  Ensure that the requirements of all test teams are agreed and documented.  Ensure all non production environments are accurately built and tested prior to their use by the test teams  Logging issues arising throughout the test phases and managing these through to resolution.  Authorise release of changes into the managed non production environments through a basic version of change control.  Manage, maintain, backup and restore the test data within the test environments as the project test teams require  Ownership of at least one performance measure within the team and lead and/or take part in improvement initiatives  Manage the retention and sharing of knowledge so that the team benefits and grows. Experience: In order to succeed in this role it is expected that you will have: Essential  Evidence of working in Technical Project Management type role  Several years of technical experience across multiple integrated technologies  Technical knowledge of at least three technology areas to Expert level  Technical Experience of working with SAP Desirable  Experience in a Testing/Quality Assurance role  Experience in a Development or Technical Support role Capabilities: In order to succeed in this role it is expected that you will have:  Decision making of complex issues  Ability to develop and implement sound logical solutions  Ability to communicate effectively at all levels using written and oral media  Negotiation and influencing skills  Ability to work effectively & manage relationships with individuals and virtual teams  Ability to take ownership of any problems and manage to resolve.  Attention to detail. Qualifications: Essential  IT Degree or significant proven work experience in a similar role. Desirable  ITIL Foundation  Project Management qualification or equivalent experience  ISEB Foundation Additional Information:  This is a challenging role in a fast moving environment. Successful candidates will undertake comprehensive training & development to progress them in this role To be considered for this contract, please send your most recent CV to With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work