Title: Business Intelligence Analyst – IBM Cognos  Stansted, Essex
Webindex: 68712299
Company: Tribepost Ltd
Description: TribePost Ltd are working on behalf of our client to fill this vacancy. Available vacancy: Business Intelligence Analyst – IBM Cognos This position is based in: Stansted, Essex Salary: Excellent 's Our client is home to a number of worldclass brands in fast moving engineered products (FMEP), specialising in Connectivity, Precision Instrumentation and Monitoring Control systems, and is undergoing an exciting, transformational growth phase. As a result of this business growth, an exciting opportunity has been created for a Cognos Business Intelligence Analyst. Reporting to their Group Head of IT, your role is to plan, design, develop, and launch efficient business, financial and operational business intelligence in support of core organisational functions and business processes. This includes gathering and analysing data in support of business cases, proposed projects, systems requirements and business KPI’s. You will also responsible for generating and compiling business intelligence based on the findings, complete with probable causes and possible solutions to systems issues, applying your proven communication, analytical, and problemsolving skills to help maximize the benefit of their business intelligence software. Working closely with Project Managers to ensure customer satisfaction at all stages of an implementation, ensuring regular feedback on issues and opportunities, you will keep abreast of all products related release changes and benefits, contributing to the development of BI Professional Services through the generation of new product ideas, improved packaging or improved processes for the delivery of services to the business. With a degree (or equivalent) in the field of Business Administration, Accounting, or Management Information Systems or proven related work experience in business intelligence, your role will encompass strategy planning, acquisition deployment and operational management, and will include: Key Responsibilities: • Meet with business intelligence steering committee, decision makers and data owners to define business intelligence reporting requirements for business, financial, and operational goals. • Prepare and deliver business intelligence reports, recommendations, or alternatives that address existing and potential trouble areas in business systems across the group. • Create report specifications, diagrams, and charts to provide direction to business intelligence steering committee or departmental heads. • Work with the IT technical support team to develop business intelligence data requirements and design data warehouse architecture. • Coordinate and perform indepth tests, including enduser reviews, for modified and new business intelligence, and other postimplementation support. • Provide orientation and training to end users for all modified and new business intelligence. • Provide guidance and/or instruction to other staff members of the IT dept. • Provide further support with the IT helpdesk for all business systems applications and process development. • Occasional evening and weekend work to meet deadlines. Key Skills, Experience Qualifications: • Extensive experience of Cognos and software applications, including IFS, Oracle and PL/SQL developer. • Proven experience in the operation and analysis of database hardware, software, and standards, as well as data retrieval methodologies. • Experience of multi intercompanies with multi currencies. • Demonstrable project management skills. • Excellent understanding of our client's goals and objectives. Essential: • IBM Cognos (Version **** **** **** and Express) Advanced Skills  Query / Analysis / Metric / Framework Manager / Report studio / Cube Creation / Cognos connection • IBM Cognos (Version **** **** **** and Express) Installation Skills • IBM Certified • SQL Oracle Database Skills • Multi Sector Business Knowledge • Awareness of Business Intelligence Standards and Technologies. • Business Intelligence Project Scoping and Estimation Desirable: • SQL Server 2005 **** • SQL Server SSIS Skills • Oracle DWB Experience • Oracle Database Experience • SQL Server Development • Financial Solutions Experience • TM1 Experience This vacancy is being advertised by TribePost Ltd. The services advertised by TribePost Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. This vacancy would be of interest to job seekers searching for the following vacancies: Business Intelligence Analyst – IBM Cognos. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessIntelligenceAnalystIBMCognosStanstedEssex_job****