Title: Applications Support Engineer
Webindex: 65681933
Description: Application/ Systems Support Engineer Capita Secure Information Systems is a market leading developer and supplier of communications and IT systems across the Public Safety and Criminal Justice sectors. Through our various product and service offerings, we have developed an indepth understanding of the special operational and communication needs of the emergency services. Capita Secure Information Solutions supports the Emergency (Blue Light) Services and the Criminal Justice and Security services, Command Control Communications and Managed Services. Based at Methuen Park Chippenham, the Application/Systems Support Engineer Department (BIST) is the second line support team for the products UNIFI, Digital Interview Recording and Video Witness systems on a national basis. This team deals with all second line faults, supporting the customers via a remote access link/telephone, liaising with 1st line Field Service teams and performing regular software/hardware updates/upgrades to customers equipment at a national level. The Application/Systems Support Engineer role comprises the following requirements: To deal with Incidents or Problems that have been passed to Business Intelligence Support Team To follow procedures in line with company policy (i.e. Local Procedures or ISO200001 defined processes) and suggest and followup improvements in line with CSIP. To provide technical support to 1st line Field Engineers for Digital Recording System To provide technical support to users To provide technical support to external customer engineering staff. To provide defined workplans for scheduled changes, take ownership of changes To provide information to maintain/update the BIST Knowledge Base/Configuration Management DB To provide Work Instructions for 1st Line Engineers Outline of Routine Tasks / Duties / Responsibilities The job includes a requirement to join the oncall rotas responsible for supporting twentyfour/seven contracts. Basic product training will be provided before the candidate is expected to work alone. The person will be selfmotivated and able to work equally comfortably on their own or as part of a team, in a customer facing role. However, due to the critical nature of the systems, the ability to work without supervision should be complimented with an understanding of when to escalate, to ensure successful and timely resolution. To achieve this the engineer will be: Expected to prioritise and plan own work load; Expected to liaise with 3rd line Support Teams, Project implementation / Service Level Managers/Development and Product Teams on a regular basis Able to work within the time constraints defined by the Service Level Agreements in place with the customers. Essential Skills  Working knowledge of Oracle DB, Unix (Solaris), Relational DB, SQL  Excellent communication skills.  Experience of working in a 2nd line support environment  Microsoft Windows 2003 skills and knowledge  Working knowledge of Hardware (PC, Server, Camera) Other Information: This role requires the applicant to be Security Cleared/Vetted and a UK residency period of 3  5 years Full UK Driving License (Clean). On Call /out of hours will be part of this role.Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.