Title: Development Team Leader/Manager
Webindex: 72372897
Company: PTS Resourcing  Ltd
Description: Development Manager ( .NET) C, ASP.NET, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SQL Server, XML, VB.NET, Team Leading, Our client who specialise in trying to save people money is looking for a hands on Development Manager in .NET to join their team. The role will involve managing a very small team of web developers, and developing/integration of new and existing systems, system analysis, technical design and implementation of standalone and business web applications to support the business. The individual will work closely with the MD to facilitate integration of new and existing systems and participate in phased implementations of new applications using methodologies. Candidates will gain exposure to technologies such as C, VB.NET, HTML ****/**** JavaScript, XML, SSIS, SSRS and JavaScript frameworks. Main Duties: Management of a small team of Web developers. Carry out appraisals and compile reports for management meetings. Identify any training and development needs for the team. Translate design requirements and specifications into robust implementations ensuring they are delivered within timescales and project deadlines are met. Develop software applications carrying out all aspects of application development life cycle ensuring a proven methodology is used. Create and carry out test plans to ensure software can be deployed. Produce documentation for each step in the software development process and all code is fully documented. Develop applications in C and ASP.NET v**** Work with development frameworks including MVC and WEB Services. Some Front End web development in JavaScript, HTML, CSS and use of SQL Server. Successful candidates will have experience working with C and ASP.NET. In addition, you will have some involvement in small projects coding in VB.NET (training given) for Legacy systems. You will also gain exposure to working with SSIS, SSRS ( any previous knowledge beneficial). Projects will include helping the redesign of a CRM system and using JavaScript frameworks and Mobile application development in HTML5. Candidates must have some previous team leading experience and have mentored more junior developers, and be able to carry out performance reviews, identify areas of training required and compile reports for Senior Management. Candidates who have been a Senior Developer and looking for an opportunity in management will be considered, as long as you have some experience of mentoring junior developers. This is a chance to join a small team, being influential in the software development and direction for the Company and be an integral part of the Company's IT focus. Candidates must have a can do attitude, be keen problem solvers and be able to work as part of a team or perhaps on a solo project at times. The role is based in Leeds and some training will be on offer for some of the technologies mentioned above. Starting salary ****k for the right individual and additional benefits. PTS is an Equal Opportunities employer and applicants are selected solely on the basis of their relevant aptitudes, skills and abilities. No applicant shall receive less favourable treatment on the grounds of sex, marital status, civil partnership status, transgender status, pregnancy, maternity, colour race, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, belief, sexual orientation, disability, age. This is not an exclusive list.