Title: Programme Director / Senior Programme Manager
Webindex: 71566433
Company: AWD Recruitment
Description: Programme Director / Senior Programme Manager required for a global leading financial company based in Basildon, Essex. SALARY: ****  ****  Excellent Benefits JOB OVERVIEW | Programme Director / Senior Programme Manager Working as the Programme Director you will join the EMEA Client Delivery Team and play a pivotal role, with responsibility for the successful delivery of major programmes. This is an excellent opportunity for someone that is seeking responsibility and ownership to make things happen. As the Programme Director you will be accountable for delivering a wide range of projects on time, within budget, and within scope. You will accomplish this by leading and coordinating crossfunctional, crossdepartmental, crosscompany teams that are responsible for all aspects of a project, from initiation to closure. The Program Director exemplifies the highest level of initiative and leadership skills and acts as a mentor for more junior members of the department. DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES: Ensures project methodologies, project delivery processes, and implementation management processes are followed. This includes managing and driving: Project/Program Schedule Risk and Issue Management Scope Change Management Manages the program budget. This includes understanding and validating estimates, cost variance tracking, and managing project resources effectively. Provides clear and concise project communication; both written and verbal. Facilitates/manages project communications and stakeholder, client and project team expectations. SKILLS and EXPERIENCE Previous progressive management experience, including largescale programme and project / team management PgMP and/or PMP preferred Proven success in delivering projects within budget and specified timeframes, while ensuring customer satisfaction Proven problem solving skills from problem assessment to solution selection Ability to identify alternatives and make contingency plans Proven ability to thrive in a fast paced, dynamic environment Ability to handle multiple projects and assignments Excellent communication and presentation skills Capacity to embrace change and quickly adapt to new situations, changes in direction, and altering priorities Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent Proficient in Microsoft Office tools Proficient in Microsoft Project and or Microsoft Project Server This position will involve frequent domestic and international travel. HOW TO APPLY To be considered for this job vacancy, please submit your CV to our Recruitment Team who will review your details. CV’s of Job Applicants meeting this requirement will be submitted to our Client for consideration. By submitting your job application to us you are hereby giving us your express consent to submit your details to our Client for this purpose. AWD online operates as an employment agency This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProgrammeDirectorSeniorProgrammeManager_job****