Title: LINUX TEAM LEADER  REDHAT  WINDOWS  JUNIPER
Webindex: 71707050
Company: Oasis James Ltd
Description: LINUX TEAM LEADER / MANAGER RHCE  Trade Floor  Application Support  Team Leader  Linux  RedHat  Juniper  Arista  ITIL  Windows Servers This is a role for a RHCE  LINUX TEAM LEADER that in his past has had experience in Linux Network Management / Support Management and now wants to step into a very important and prestigious role working for a firm of Brokers based in the City. You will be given the opportunity to create  support and own a very important part of the existing infrastructure together with the opportunity to get involved in the recruitment and training process for the new members of staff coming on board right now. The RHCE  LINUX TEAM LEADER will manage a team of 8 support engineers  offer leadership and guidance and set the procedure strategy. You will also drive the SLA s and KPI s. You will need to understand ITIL and you will require a background in technical server / network support working with Linux / RedHat and / Or Juniper / Arista / VMware and Windows. The RHCE  LINUX TEAM LEADER will have a broad range of responsibilities to ensure maximum system availability and helping to build a secure and scalable technology platform. The RHCE  LINUX TEAM LEADER will be responsible for infrastructure systems support and the infrastructure architecture of the platform. The RHCE  LINUX TEAM LEADER will need to develop and maintain operational guidelines for the maintenance and support of the infrastructure and you will also be the Initial escalation point for support problems related to Linux, Network, VMware and Windows infrastructure. The following is what s expected from you in this role A track record in managing a supporting large team successfully and large servers farms successfully. Ability to work across multiple technologies / applications, including management of customers expectations. Experience in running solutions based on RedHat / Linux products and technologies. Experience with RedHat Enterprise Linux version 6, Juniper switching and firewalls,Arista switches, VMware **** and Windows 2008 servers/domains. Use of Kickstart for automated system deployment. Use of Puppet for system configuration management. Experience with scripting, BASH, Perl, PHP or Ruby preferred Experience of enterprise monitoring applications Package Management including RPM creation and RPM deployment using software repositories. This is a role that will offer you the opportunity to create and own a major part of the new infrastructure in place and you will be the sole direct report to the IT Director. If you have LINUX TEAM LEADER / management experience in Support / IT Management or Networking working with Linux  RedHat  Juniper  Arista  ITIL  Windows Servers and have any of the following qualifications  Linux  RHCE level  Networking  Juniper JNCIS / JNCIP, Arista ACE  Windows  MCSE  VMware  VCP  then please email me CV  ASAP. Thanks