Title: Strategic IT Manager
Webindex: 69540953
Company: Clearwater People Solutions
Description: My client is looking for a Strategic IT Manager to join their team on an interim basis. The IT Manager will be responsible for the strategic leadership, planning, implementation and management of whole ICT systems. The provision of full support to ensure the effective strategic development and management of the ICT infrastructure. To be responsible for the provision of ICT support in all areas l and provide help/ support for the ICT technicians; including the management and quality assurance of the electronic faulty recording and feedback system. To lead and manage the strategic planning and implementation of the ICT strategy so that it fully supports areas that are not outstanding and plan for continued development. To supervise and lead the ICT technicians To define the vision for all future ICT developments and prioritise projects accordingly. Strategic and efficient leadership and management of the support and development of ICT Problem solving skills in developing new systems and on a daily operational basis. Research skills for seeking out new opportunities for further development of ICT Creative skills when developing systems and policies. Analytical skills for varied and complex information Analytical and prioritisation skills to balance proactive and reactive working practices Interpersonal skills suited to working with pupils to support ICT issues. Interpersonal skills suited to supporting colleagues effectively at all levels. Team working skills in implementing new developments e.g impact on premises related issues including programme of works Lead on training all staff in new developments Motivation and training of staff supervised Level 3 qualification in ICT or similar. Initiative and independent working as well as ability to communicate with staff at all levels Awareness of budgets and strategic financial planning of ICT Knowledge and compliance with ICT legal requirements You will need to have technical Experience and/or knowledge of: Windows servers Active directory Virtualization Exchange DNS DHCP Terminal services