Title: Systems Administrator / Server Technician
Webindex: 71760173
Company: The Bridge Ltd
Description: My Global Financial Services Client is looking for a Systems Administrator (Server Technician).Reporting to the Team Leader, the Server Technician is responsible for supporting the various distributed server platforms and technologies. K ey Responsibilities: Support the distributed server platforms Ensure that platforms are available in accordance with SLAs by actively monitoring the systems and taking the appropriate actions. Support issue resolution as and when required working closely with Service Management and providing updates as applicable. Ensure that the platforms are backed up in accordance with their requirements. Test and deploy critical security patches in accordance with documented procedures. Keep abreast of relevant technical bulletins, highlight and report any deficiencies, provide solutions to rectify any potential issues. Participate in Disaster Recovery exercises and provide support as required. Report any DR issues to the relevant departments. Administer access control for all platforms ensuring the security and integrity of the data. Reports any security breaches immediately in accordance with the CSIRP. Plan and deploy any changes according to documented change control procedures. Continually review the platforms and services under your control and provide management updates to ensure that issues are dealt with quickly. Constantly review capacity and availability and provide feedback, metrics trend analysis for management review. Requirements Windows server platforms (**** / ****) TCP/IP networking Three tier application concepts and technologies Internet Information Server application support Windows high availability clustering Scripting technologies (VBScript or Powershell) Experience of managing IBM and HP hardware Experience of SQL Server RDBMS Experience of SAN technologies Working knowledge of ITIL principles The Server Technician will be expected to participate in an on call rota to provide out of hours support. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SystemsAdministratorServerTechnician_job****