Title: Senior Support ETL Developer
Webindex: 67650641
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: My client, a highly prestigious and well known Financial Services organisation, is looking for a Senior Support ETL Developer to work on their site in Central London. My client is extremely well reputed with a strong customer base and track record and this is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the UK s most renowned organisations at a time when you can become an integral part of the existing team of successful ETL Developers moving forward. Above all, you will provide technical expertise within the Application Support Group through the support, maintenance and enhancement of corporate bespoke applications ranging from Data Management systems to web based applications. As a Senior Support ETL Developer your responsibilities will be, but not limited to: Design, development, unit testing and implementation of enhancements to existing applications. Take a collaborative role with existing support staff to triage production problems, determine faults and provide solutions in a timely fashion. Work with other members of the technical team, business analysts and testers to monitor applications, assess problems, and ensure fit for purpose solutions are delivered. Produce documentation to cover implementation of application solutions, including security, technical specifications, site deployment and support requirements. Work with project teams to assist in the migration of applications across to the support team transferring knowledge. Provide and take ownership of estimates for development work and monitor progress against the estimate. Contribute to the design of data marts including; data modelling, database design, to provide optimum solutions while looking to the future for longevity, flexibility and scalability. Collaborate with other team members within the Application Group to support and establish development policies and guidelines while ensuring standards and best practices are adhered to at all times. Liaise with Operation, Networks and Database teams to resolve application issues. Provide oncall support for overnight processing Essential skills / experience: Extensive experience and knowledge of SSIS / SSRS / SSAS, SQL Server 2005 and **** design and development. A good understanding of TSQL. Proven expertise of relational, dimensional models and physical database design. Demonstrable experience working in a support environment. Ability to develop and support code standards, best practice, source control and release management; configuration and change management processes/procedures with demonstrable ability to operate in an iterative development environment. Excellent personal and interpersonal skills, including written and verbal communication Desirable skills / experience: Working knowledge of source control and release management tool Team Foundation Server (TFS). Experience of working with SCRUM or KANBAN  Agile methodologies. A thorough understanding of modelling tools such as Erwin. Proven experience in developing and implementing solutions involving Data Warehouse, Data Marts and OLAP technologies. Experience with .NET. Knowledge of the London Insurance Market. Team Leading/Line Management experience. If you are interested in the above role, please apply IMMEDIATELY, as interviews could take place as early as this week. Alternatively send your most up to date CV through to