Title: Business Analyst  Digital Programme
Webindex: 72629887
Company: Preferred IT
Description: Contract Business Analyst  Digital Programme Our client are one of the largest, most diverse organisations in the energy sector with an opening for a Contract Business Analyst to join their Digital Strategy Programme. You should ideally have 46 years relevant Business Analysis experience within medium to large organisations.Energy sector experience is ideally sought to understand the types of technical challenges within this sector, including the Digital Platform. Contract Business Analyst  Digital Programme Our client are one of the largest, most diverse organisations in the energy sector with an opening for a Contract Business Analyst to join their Digital Strategy Programme. You should ideally have 46 years relevant Business Analysis experience within medium to large organisations.Energy sector experience is ideally sought to understand the types of technical challenges within this sector, including the Digital Platform. First class communication and interpersonal skills and ability to work under pressure essential. Working within the Digital Strategy Project Daily tasks will include:  Investigate and model business functions, processes, and information flows and data structures using methodical and consistent techniques.  Seek effective business solutions through improvements in information systems, data management, processes and procedures  Analyse underlying issues arising from investigations into requirements and identify available options for consideration.  Prepare detailed specifications for information flows, processes and procedures and data objects that will meet business requirements.  Apply available standards, methods and tools producing consistently high quality documentation.  Define, plan and prepare business justifications to develop/implement components of new or changed processes.  Ability to work to tight deadlines and multiple priorities  Understanding of IT principles and core technologies Organised approach:  Can conform to shifting priorities, demands and timelines through analytical and problemsolving capabilities.  Reacts to project adjustments and alterations promptly and efficiently.  Flexible during times of change.  Persuasive, encouraging, and motivating.  Strong written and oral communication skills.  Ability to effectively prioritise and execute tasks in a highpressure environment is crucial.  Ideally have experience of working as a Business Analyst for a minimum of 4 years .  Demonstrate a strong technical knowledge encompassing processes, tools and techniques  Be proficient with Microsoft Office  An understanding of the end to end project lifecycle, Prince**** or equivalent PM discipline would be an advantage.  Be highly motivated and able to work without supervision  Have a flexible approach with the ability to work effectively under pressure and to tight deadlines  Demonstrate the ability to identify and implement innovative and effective business improvements