Title: Developer PHP
Webindex: 68688913
Company: Affilisearch Ltd
Description: Developer PHP / SQL – Location Nottingham Immediate role  25k****k Basic – 25 Days Paid Holiday Exciting, dynamic business in the fastchanging Online Digital Media sector. Seeking Developer who is used to developing websites, offering backend support. The current website is built on a Zend Framework so having this skill be an added bonus. My client is a premium affiliate network based in Nottingham. An established SME type business whose vertical markets target the Health Beauty sectors. Due to natural organic growth, my client is seeking a 3rd Developer to join an already established successful team. At present the company’s existing two developers are Bulgarian, both of which have been with the company since 20062008. My client currently uses Magento which is an ecommerce system, if you have this knowledge this will go in your favour. Experience using a variety of web services and understanding API Links using 3rd party services will also be highly advantageous. Candidates who possess interests in developing APP's will be highly regarded. Do you have Advanced PHP Experience? Are you looking to increase your experience with a leading reputable company? Company has been established in the UK for over a decade and is financially very stable. This role would be perfect for an individual from a very strong development background. Good level experience within Database Management, Software Development. As a successful Developer your goals and objectives will be to reshape / develop the company’s current website. You will be in charge of developing new creative ideas, strategic planning, liaising with your colleagues and meeting set targets for your individual projects. The client is seeking a dynamic and technical person with excellent IT management skills accompanied by a genuine attitude to succeed. Company Expectations: Advanced skills in PHP Advanced skills using SQL Responsibilities: • Turning design and user interface mock up’s into functional websites • Custom programming and web application development • Testing, maintenance and troubleshooting of existing sites • Contributing ideas and efforts toward internal project • Working as part of a team to find solutions (development platforms and documentation. Applicants wishing to relocate to Nottingham from other locations will also be considered. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeveloperPHP_job****