Title: Digital Production Manager  PHP / Symfony / Drupal / JavaScript
Webindex: 68353013
Company: Webrecruit
Description: Digital Production Manager  PHP / Symfony / Drupal / JavaScript / CSSLondon, WC****Up to **** Our client is the only UK charity solely dedicated to research into blood cancers, including leukaemia, lymphoma and myeloma. An opportunity has now arisen for a Digital Production Manager to join their team. This is the ideal role for a digital products manager with strong IT skills including open source and coding experience looking to join a leading organisation that conducts groundbreaking research, bringing thousands closer to a cure for blood cancers. As a Digital Production Manager, you will manage a team of producers and developers and be responsible for driving the development of truly compelling digital products. You will be part of the Digital and CRM Team and will play an active role in driving our client's digital strategy forward. You will ensure that all digital products are effective and drive production planning across the website, social media and other digital channels. You will also ensure that members of our client's site, including patients, fundraisers and others, have an intuitive and engaging user experience. Managing the Digital Production Team, you will ensure that organisational digital needs and ideas are effectively translated into robust requirement specifications. On an ongoing basis, you will also work to improve our client's project management and production workflows. Furthermore, you will plan and schedule all digital work; ensuring plans are flexible enough to react to unscheduled and ad hoc work. You will also work with the Insight and Analysis Team to ensure content is tested, as well as with crossorganisational product teams to ensure that digital options are considered early in planning. To be considered for this role, you must have:  Experience of managing a team delivering digital products Demonstrable IT skills, including open source systems, the production of digital products and coding experience, particularly with PHP, Symfony, Drupal, JavaScript and/or CSS Experience of using development and project management techniques, such as Agile and PRINCE**** methodologies.  A relevant degree Additionally, as a Digital Production Manager, you must be a highly driven and enthusiastic professional with a strong work ethic and excellent multitasking and time management skills. You must also be a strong and effective leader and be adept at communicating and interacting across all levels. To apply for the role of Digital Production Manager (PHP / Symfony / Drupal / JavaScript /CSS), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Digital Production Manager, PHP, Symfony, Drupal, JavaScript, CSS, PHP Developer, Lead Product Manager, Online Product Manager, Digital Production Controller, Digital Product Manager, Digital Products Team Leader, Web Product Manager. Salary: Up to ****