Title: Test Analyst / Tester  Functional & Operational
Webindex: 69037492
Company: Coal IT Services
Description: Test Analyst / Tester  Functional Operational A global Information Solutions consultancy seek an experienced Test Analyst to undertake functional and operational testing to ensure acceptable levels of quality prior to release to customer. The purpose of the Test Analyst is to ensure that solutions developed and delivered are functioning as per agreed specification without defect. The Test Analyst / Tester  Functional Operational role is key in ensuring a smooth rollout of solutions to clients and as such is involved in both the project and BAU lifecycles. They input into Test estimates, provide project level test plans, script and execute test cases while accurately reporting progress and test metrics. At the completion of the Test phase, the Test Analyst ensures that all exit documentation is in place and appropriately archived; they will then support the UAT and golive phases. The role holder needs to be IT literate with experience in handling high quantities of transactional data. Experience in writing test scripts and handson execution of scripts is essential; testing hard copy output will be highly desired. In addition to core technical skills, a Test Analyst is expected to understand all aspects of the software development life cycle, including systems analysis through to testing and deployment. Testing exp: • Quality assure all input documentation, including business, functional and technical specifications. • Develop and document test plans / test scripts. • Execute test scripts in accordance with test plans. • Perform testing to agreed standards and agreed timeline. • Identify faults and weaknesses and report to developers with the appropriate priority. • Provide advice as required on project risk. • Ensure that testing activity is adequately documented throughout. • Ensure all test collateral is archived. • Ensure regression packs are available for ongoing support in BAU. • Support UAT / OAT phases as required. Essential Skills: • Diagnostic and problemsolving skills. • ISEB/ISTQB foundation certificate. • Well organised and selfmotivated. • Excellent team player (within both large and small teams). • A positive 'cando' attitude and the ability to stay calm under pressure. • SQL ability. • Defect Management Tool Experience (Bugzilla / Fogbugz). • Experience of working with Web Services. • Experience in the use of Distributed Applications and Client/Server products. ****  **** per day London This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TestAnalystTesterFunctionalOperational_job****