Title: Senior Java Developer, Java, Oracle, to ****  benefits
Webindex: 68359339
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd
Description: Senior Java Developer, Java, Oracle, Woking, to ****  benefits An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Senior Java Developer to join a global marketleading company based in Woking, Surrey. The Senior Java Developer will join an existing highlyskilled team responsible for the full software development lifecycle of my client’s numerous Java applications. My client is looking for a Senior Java Developer to actively develop their web based applications. The Senior Java Developer will be involved in all aspects of the software development lifecycle, it is therefore essential you have previous proven commercial experience with the design, development, testing and support of highly complex Java applications. My client’s applications are both webbased and stand alone, it is essential the Senior Java Developer has experience developing either webbased or stand alone applications. You will have solid commercial development experience with Java. The Senior Java Developer will also have experience integrating Java applications with oracle databases. It would be beneficial to have experience with Cognos. It would also be desirable to have experience with Struts and Spring and to have previously worked within an Agile environment. The successful Java Developer will need the following: Proven experience in the design, development, testing and support of complex Java applications. Experience in developing either webbased or stand alone applications Educated to a degree level or equivalent The Senior Java Developer will work extensively with internal departments, i t is therefore essential the successful candidate works well within a team with excellent communication skills and has the ability to ‘think outside of the box’ to deliver successful applications. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Java Developer to join a forward thinking company currently going through expansion. This position also offers the opportunity to move into a Development Technical Lead position with the chance to manage the overall application projects. So if you are a Java Developer looking to progress your career and step up into a Senior position then send your CV through now for immediate consideration. Referral Scheme: If this role isn’t for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT.If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford’s leading IT Recruitment agency.With exclusive access to some of the region’s most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorJavaDeveloperJavaOracleto****benefits_job****