Title: 3rd Line Network Support Engineer  CCNA / CCNP  Gloucs
Webindex: 64796890
Description: 3rd Line Network Support Engineer  Cisco, CCNA / CCNP  neg  Gloucestershire3rd Line Network Support Engineer required by a leading global provider of infrastructure solutions.This fantastic company are continuing to expand and they now require a number of talented 3rd Line Network Support Engineers to support a range of network technologies.In this challenging and varied 3rd Line Network support role you will join an expanding team focussed on providing realtime complex network support. You will resolve faults and issues, ensuring that services are restored in line with SLAs and will undertake root cause analysis for major incidents and escalated faults. You will also help to improve processes, provide customers and management with fault reports and will contribute to improving fault management, service reliability and service performance. Where required you will provide adhoc oncall support and you will also lend your skills to support the implementation of new technology and projects within the environment. To be considered for this exciting 3rd Line Network Support Engineer role you must be a CCNA or CCNP certified 2nd or 3rd line support engineer. You will have experience of troubleshooting LAN and will have skills in patching and configuring switches as well as knowledge of firewalls from suppliers such as Juniper. Skills in load balancers will also be useful and you will bring an indepth knowledge of IT based services and TCP/IP. Other industry certifications such as a CCIE, JNCIE, NRS or SRA would also give you an edge but are not essential. As well as strong technical skills you will be a selfmotivated team player with excellent problem solving and prioritisation skills. You will operate well under pressure and must possess excellent communication skills necessary to deliver excellent customer service and interact well with suppliers. Based in Gloucestershire and easily commutable from Cheltenham, Bristol, Cirencester and Worcester, an excellent salary neg plus bonus and benefits including pension, private health and life insurance is on offer to the successful candidate. This company provide excellent training as well as fantastic career development and growth opportunities. Please note, this role requires you to be security cleared to SC level. If you have the necessary 2nd line / 3rd line network support experience then apply NOW.The People Network is working as an employment agency on this vacancy.