Title: Systems Analyst (workflow  BPM)  London  **** , ****  benefits
Webindex: 68806111
Company: C.O.A.L IT. Services Ltd
Description: Systems Analyst (workflow  BPM)  London  ****  benefits Leading FTSE 100 IT consultancy firm is actively recruiting for an experienced Systems Analyst with experience supporting workflow / BPM applications such as K**** The successful Systems Analyst (Workflow / BPM) / Technical Business Analyst / BA / SA will undertake the following responsibilities:  Extract and understand the client s business and translate these into system solutions to meet the business need.  Working as an integrated part of the development team and in partnership with client, proactively propose effective and cost effective solutions to business problems.  Plan and estimate analysis deliverables with the development manager, assisting in the management of project stakeholders.  Work closely with development managers, software architects and lead developers in proactively identifying project risks and issues. Also work closely with this group to understand the technical constraints and options that will guide the recommended solutions.  Develop detailed application functional requirements in accordance with the department processes and standards.  Own the business requirement throughout the development lifecycle ensuring the deliverable is fit for business purpose.  Formulate business system requirements for more complex and abstract high level objectives. Assist the development manager in stakeholder management, ensuring the correct stakeholders are engaged throughout the lifecycle of the project  Build strong relationships with the stakeholders using the appropriate style of communication for the audience. To identify and evolve best working practices, seeking out new techniques which can be adapted for use by self and others.  To gather requirements and liaise with customers throughout the project lifecycle. To assist in presales activities building client relationships.  Formally review developers work to ensure it meets the business requirement Essential Experience/Skills for the position of Systems Analyst (Workflow / BPM) / Technical Business Analyst / BA / SA  Experience in leading teams on analysts on large implementation projects  Experience acting as a business systems analyst within large scale software development projects and /or systems integration projects  A general understanding of software design patters and the inherent constraints with the use of COTS produces as part of an overall solution. Any experience of specifying requirements with the use of integrated and customised COTS products would be beneficial.  A strong understanding of the software development lifecycle with experience in working within a formal lifecycle (DSDM would be desirable although not essential)  A good understanding of software testing both functional and nonfunctional.  An understanding of software design patterns and/or software architecture.  Experience of requirements capture and analysis techniques.  A good understanding of the importance of and inherence to; test in a software development lifecycle.  A good understanding of the importance of and inherence to; deployment in a software development lifecycle.  An understanding of the importance of project management in a software development lifecycle.  An understanding of the principles involved in managing progress and risks on software development projects.  The ability to determine timescales and milestones for a project and to construct a project plan showing the tasks, dependencies, milestones and target dates.  The ability to write and review concise technical documentation. Desired Experience/Skills for the position of Systems Analyst (Workflow / BPM) / Technical Business Analyst / BA / SA  General experience of Local Government applications  General experience of Local Government organisations and working practices  An understanding of Web accessibility standards  The ability to construct a document for use in a bid process