Title: Programmer/Production Specialist
Webindex: 66505479
Company: Quality Data Management, Inc.
Description: Quality Data Management (QDM) is a survey research center located in Broadview Heights, Ohio. QDM is a leader in hightech solutions to health care quality and process improvement. We are dedicated to innovation and excellence and maintain a culture of growth and caring for our employees. The programmer/production specialist will develop, maintain, and enhance customized client reporting solutions and other Javabased applications under the guidance and direction of the team manager. Develop: Analyze user needs and suggest programming specifications; Utilize object oriented modular techniques to construct easily maintained and enhanced specifications; Write Java code to implement specifications; Develop and maintain shell/batch scripts for automated program execution under Linux and Windows; and, Implement webbased display and access for reports in an Apache/Tomcat environment. Maintain and Enhance: Document applications and processes to facilitate operation, maintenance, and enhancement; Add new functions and features to existing programsmajor and minor enhancements; Troubleshoot clientraised issues, communicate with Client Services and IT manager; Estimate times to complete; and, Implement and document changes. Required Skills: Masters degree and/or bachelors  2 years of experienceJava development background; Ability to work efficiently with thirdparty JavaRelated APIs (e.g ApachePOI and JExcel); Experience with Databases: MySQL and JDBC. Oracle SQL Server a plus; Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server and/or Oracle is a plus; Knowledge of structured testing environments such as JUnit and the difference between alpha, beta, and enduser testing philosophies; Knowledge of the Eclipse GUI Application Development Environment; Knowledge of the Microsoft Office application suite; Knowledge/Experience with report writing or Business Intelligence (BI) tools, such as JReport, Cognos, SAS is a plus; and , Good interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills. Compensation: Pay and benefits commensurate with your ability and experience. This is a fulltime position working 40 hours per week. Application: You can submit your resume online, including your experience and education (include major, GPA, and programming courses). We may ask for references during the interview. Contact Information: Please email: