Title: Business Analyst  Leeds  Legal  Accounting
Webindex: 68359214
Company: TEKsystems
Description: Business Analyst  Leeds  Legal  Accounting My client requires a high calibre Business Analyst with previous experience of work with either a Practice Management software package or a Legal Accounting System. Working closely with the business, your role would be to capture and define requirements, liaise closely with the development team and ensure the successful deployment of relevant changes. We are looking for Business Analysts who have experience of working with various stakeholders and are able to maintain effective lines of communication throughout the project lifecycle. You would be the 'goto' person for the business, and a key interface between the project and the business. We are looking for Business Analyst that have the following background and skills: ESSENTIAL  Previously worked within an accounting or legal organisation  Previously worked Practice Management Software or a Legal Accounting System such as Elite, Aderant, FED, Artiion, SOS.  Able to analyse and interpret requirements into workable solutions.  Excellent listening, interpersonal, written and oral communication skills  Able to pull together information and assistance from various sources and stakeholders.  Worked within a business change environment For more information and to apply, please email your CV to jdunphyteksystems.co.uk Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessAnalystLeedsLegalAccounting_job****