Title: Infrastructure Security Specialist  London
Webindex: 68346707
Company: Modis International Limited
Description: INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY SPECIALIST LONDON ****K ****K Our client, a leading insurance organisation is looking for a Infrastructure Security Specialist to monitor and maintain operational security controls and governance measures in accordance with UKIO Security Policy and/or provide general or specialist security support for infrastructure functions: standard desktops, networks, mainframe, midrange and EBusiness. Key responsibilities: Undertake daily and scheduled monitoring of security events and configurations and periodic security reviews of key infrastructure components. Liaise with relevant domains, the Business, CGEY and suppliers to deliver complex infrastructure components according to timescales, cost, scope, and/or provide technical support to meet service levels. Research, recommend and implement changes to procedures and systems to enhance information systems security. Document infrastructure security deliverables/components/ controls according to standards as required, including the update of processes and procedures as necessary. Contribute to process improvement initiatives including strategic planning and roadmaps, or improve service and cost effectiveness. Responsibility for leading small work teams, helping to contribute to the identification of training needs of junior colleagues. Compliance To ensure that you understand and adhere the Code of Conduct and, where appropriate, comply with all relevant regulatory policies. This includes completion of any mandatory training requirements. Financial Controls Ensure all expenditure commitments (orders, contracts, budgets etc) and all payments are properly authorised, controlled and monitored, in accordance with delegated authority requirements. Key Skills: Knowledge of the Financial Services sector Awareness of project lifecycles, systems development lifecycles, or similar methodology Excellent knowledge of IT infrastructures and architectures and/or specialist working knowledge of a particular aspect: standard desktops, ebusiness, networks, midrange, mainframe, or supplier contracts Excellent knowledge of security controls/processes on at least two key platforms. Ability to analyse relevant facts and data and present logical solutions Proven skills in recognising dependencies and planning activities Ability to demonstrate knowledge of current technological trends and demonstrate detailed knowledge of trends within area of specialism Excellent project management skills with proven ability to lead medium scale projects within the technical/operational environment and deliver on requirements within timescales. Proven skills in problem diagnosis and resolution within the technical/operational environment. Proven skills in defining processes and procedures within the technical/operational environment. Proven ability to manage all aspects of a supplier relationship, including the allocation and tracking of work items This is a fantastic opportunity to work within an established organisation that can offer great career development If this role is of interest to you please apply now.