Title: SolidWorks Technical support Consultant
Webindex: 68181665
Company: Brookstreet UK
Description: A fantastic and very exciting opportunity has arisen to join this prestigious and fast growing company who are leading suppliers of SolidWorks Computer Aided Design (CAD) and Computer Aided Manufacturing (CAM) Solutions to theUK s Industrial Marketplace. Providing Integrated CADCAM Systems that enable customers to design SolidWorks, helps designers be more creative, and engineers be more productive. Product Data Management (PDM) Software ensures costly errors are avoided, and Simulation software helps test CAMWorks, ensures production engineers convert art to part accurately, eliminating any duplication of effort on the shopfloor. Job role / Responsibilities: We are seeking an individual to join a motivated PostSales team. You will be expected to become an expert in most disciplines of the SolidWorks and my clients product portfolio, have strong problem solving skills and provide technical support to the new and existing customer base. Duties will include (but are not limited to as full training will be given): Provide technical support of the SolidWorks and client portfolio of products to customers and prospects. Analyze, track and resolve customer issues in a professional and timely manner. Liaise with both the customer and SolidWorks technical support to investigate and resolve problems. Diagnose and solve a range of issues, including, but not limited to: installation & setup, general 3D modelling, mechanical engineering application specific usage and hardware related software issues. Develop workarounds and operating techniques for specific situations and communicate them to customers. Help develop and implement clients web based support initiatives including knowledge bases, technical and operational techniques and documentation. Remotely troubleshoot customer issues, using web applications. Travel to Customer sites for customer maintenance, consultancy, installations, and troubleshooting activities. Training of SolidWorks products, either office based or on customer site will also be required, however this will not be the primary focus of this position Other Duties as required Education: Degree / HNC/D in Mechanical, Aerospace, or equivalent industrial experience