Title: Infrastructure Engineer Network
Webindex: 69018934
Company: Fuel Recruitment Limited
Description: My client is looking for a Network Infrastructure Engineer to join their high class team. As an Infrastructure Engineer, you will be working within Production Services which provides our client the platform to run all IT application and services that enable them to trade. This includes all servers, virtualization, storage, network, datacenters, security and Desktop environments. Your main responsibilities will include:  Select, procure and install appropriate hardware.  Maintain hardware platforms including working with vendors to update firmware, diagnose hardware failures and manage replacement of failed components.  Install devices and structured cabling. This will involve remote working.  Provide advice and guidance on infrastructure to developers, architects, sys admin, incident management and capacity planning teams  Using monitoring tools and /or appliances understand usage of switches, routers, appliances and key applications  Ensure all services have appropriate high availability and recovery defined to protect the business service.  Automate processes to enable smarter working  Design and implement access networks including wireless, VPN, proxy, DHCP, DNS  Design and implement network topologies covering WAN, VLAN and Load balancing devices  Manage load balancing appliances to ensure it is optimised for efficiency.  Manage internet domains by updating DNS and manipulating BGP domains  Design and implement secure networks as appropriate to ensure we protect our customer s data. This includes IPS, firewalls, proxies, DMZ s. Essential skills and experience required for this role include:  Strong understanding of the IP protocols and well known ports  Strong knowledge of internetworking with regard to LAN design and function, and routing protocols  Understanding of Intrusion Prevention Systems and firewalls  Cisco CCNP or higher  Knowledge of Juniper networking  Good knowledge of securing networks and security best practises  Good understanding of DNS  Good knowledge of monitoring tools to help diagnose faults To be successful in this role, you must demonstrate desire to succeed, taking the lead, setting an example for others to follow and inspiring possibility in others. The ideal applicant will have a general infrastructure background, but will have specialised in networks