Title: Senior SQL Developer  UK's Top IT Employer, Oxfordshire
Webindex: 68676405
Company: RM Education
Description: An exciting opportunity for a high calibre Senior SQL Developer (TSQL, SSAS, OLAP / MDX, SSRS, SSIS) to join 'Britain's Top IT Employer' and undertake development work on a range of data orientated projects. With a view to developing as a technical architect and operating as the solution authority, steering challenging, enterprisescale technical projects. RM Education is the leading provider of IT solutions to education with over **** staff. Based at the Oxfordshire HQ within the growing Assessment Data Solutions Division, the jobholder will work on some of RM's most challenging and highly stimulating projects, including a new exam and course administration system and data analysis services for Government organisations. Working with a broad array of colleagues in theUK India, this is a handson development role (circa 3050%) with operational support aspects on a range of Government and Educational projects. Working as the last line of technical escalation, the jobholder will specify and design solutions and proof of concepts in response to change requests and newly secured contracts, steer offshore resources on development implementation projects, undertake code reviews and explore assess relevant new technologies as part of new product development. This represents the chance take on a role delivering high quality, high performance and hugely visible software solutions that really make a significant difference. The Individual An accomplished software development background and exposure to large scale systems and applications (impacting at least 'tens' if not 'hundred's of thousands' of users). Comprehensive experience of the following: TSQL, SSAS (OLAP / MDX), SSRS, SSIS, ASP .Net, C, Sharepoint  the first two of these are absolutely critical. Good mathematical or statistical skills. Proven ability in steering and leading developers in the delivery of complex solutions. Results oriented selfmotivated, strong communicator with technical and nontechnical stakeholders, decision making, problem solving, planning organising and influencing skills. Why you should consider this role RM Education is an award winning business ( 'UK's Top IT Employer' in **** 2010 2012) with a strong, collaborative and valuesdriven culture. RM's Assessment Division is a dynamic, growing environment with international customers. This provides ongoing challenge, a stimulating work environment and career progression opportunities. Projects are technically complex, continually evolving, are used by potentially millions and demand 100% resilience and reliability. This provides real technical challenge and demands an awareness of emerging technologies that could be of benefit. Good level of autonomy, technical and project leadership and the ability to make technical decisions. Working within the education ICT sector and ultimately making a difference to education is highly stimulating and hugely rewarding. To apply online visit rmcareers.co.uk using job ref: '**** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSQLDeveloperUKsTopITEmployerOxfordshire_job****