Title: Systems Engineer  Mobile Phone Architectures
Webindex: 71445034
Company: Executive Recruitment Services
Description: Systems Engineer  Mobile Phone Architectures Gloucester Systems Engineer  Mobile Phone Architectures Responsibilities  As a Systems Engineer with focus on the mobile telecoms sector, you will be required to work closely with the Customer and clients across the Systems Engineering lifecycle and will be expected to develop as an emerging authority in the field. Systems Engineer  Mobile Phone Architectures Required Skills   Knowledge of mobile phone architectures and detailed experience of live operational aspects.  To possess core understanding of   Software (and Hardware)  Reverse Engineering or fuzzing or vulnerability research  Symbian or Android or iPhone or iOS  JTAG or SMS or MMS or mobile network protocols/messaging  Knowledge of SW reverse engineering and disassembly, debugging skills.  Keen and demonstrable SE background across the full SE lifecycle.  Able to perform and deliver within complex, challenging, cutting edge engineering environments with a element of focus on mobile telecommunications.  Ability, drive and determination to take personal ownership of the most complex systems engineering challenges, and resolve issues to the highest of standards.  Innovative, resourceful and highly effective solution focused background.  Possessing the drive to ensure the pullthrough of new and innovative ways of valueadded business.  Ability to align with client defined and industry best practices in respect to SE principles and mechanics across project lifecycles including the management of initial risk issues.  Flexibility to work with enthusiasm across the SE lifecycle maintaining high standards of professional and personal behaviours. Witnessed ability to remain flexible and adaptable, and react well when working under pressure. Desired Skills   Demonstrated interest in the Cyber environment, basic skills and knowledge in approaching cyber technology challenges.  Working knowledge of ITIL.  Previous software development knowledge  content with JAVA, C or C++.  Working knowledge of the principles of systems architecting, and background in the application of MODAF.  Potential to provide technical support Project Management environments. Are you currently DV cleared or able to achieve this level of clearance? Then we need to speak with you Email your CV to cv_steve_dignumers.co.uk or call Steve on **** **** **** ****