Title: Infrastructure Security Engineer  PCIDSS, CISSP  ****k
Webindex: 68357332
Company: Austin Fraser
Description: Infrastructure Security Engineer  Fleet  CISSP false positives .  Carry out regular (at least monthly?) tests for rogues wireless devices and resolve any issues indentified  Ensure that quarterly internal vulnerability scans are carried out. Clear any issues identified.  Ensure internal vulnerability scans are carried out every time there is a significant change in the network/server (?) infrastructure. Clear any issues identified.  Ensure (in association with the relevant software development manager) all internal and external penetration testing is carried out on annual basis. Clear any issues indentified.  Ensure (in association with the relevant software development manager) all internal and external penetration testing is carried every time there is a significant change in the network/server (?) infrastructure. Clear any issues identified.  Manage (in association with the relevant software development manager) the application vulnerability testing of public facing web applications on an annual basis.  Manage (in association with the relevant software development manager) the application vulnerability testing of public facing web applications every time there is a significant change in the web application portfolio.  Act as focal point for all matters of operational infrastructure security issues. Liaise with the Information Security Officer on a regular basis to ensure that there is a clear communication of all operational security matters.  Take initial responsibility for the clearance of all operational security incidents, alerts and events.  Keep up to date with all the changes in security standards which could affect the infrastructure department, particularly in relation to PCI:DSS.  Ensure that all operational security processes are properly documented and kept up to date. In addition, ensure that all operational engineer staff are made aware of their responsibilities in relation to all security matters. Person Specification  BSc or equivalent in a relevant subject  Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) Experience Required:  Experience in a similar capacity undertaking security assessments with project and/or security delivery responsibility  Significant experience of working within information systems or networking discipline  Experience of audit methodologies and security assessment tools  Experience with security threat and vulnerability management systems  Extensive experience of security appliances, such as firewalls, IDS Preferred:  Experience using Project Management techniques  Experience evaluating the security infrastructure for e.g. retail, financial services or service providers  Working experience with software development methodologies and practices  Experience of the financial and payment card processing industries (including PCI:DSS)  Knowledge of CISCO Network Technologies Please send me your up to date CV and contact details in Word Format for immediate consideration