Title: People MI Adviser  HR Reporting Officer
Webindex: 72238559
Company: Carlisle Managed Solutions
Description: A People MI Adviser is required to undertake a 6 Month Fixed Term Contract in Dorking with a market leading financial services organisation. The successful candidate will work closely with HR and the wider business community producing organisationalwide People MI reports. Responsibilities:  Take full responsibility as the Subject Matter Expert and go to contact for all matters relating to People MI and data.  Embed new People MI framework and processes creating awareness in how to obtain MI from various sources.  Ensure a comprehensive suite of standard reports is available to support business operations.  Act as a gatekeeper for all new standard report requests, ensuring that the most cost effective and timely solution is provided to business clients.  Facilitate the production and delivery of organisationalwide People MI and analysis for stakeholder groups.  Work with outsource provider Midland HR to scope/embed transitioned MI/Data processes and service levels.  Undertake Data Quality Reviews/Audits on regular basis and act as the conduit between the business and Midland HR ensuring data quality is maintained, system updates are completed.  Manage and monitor the commercial aspects of the People MI service delivery ensuring cost effective solutions are in place.  In conjunction with the HR Systems Adviser, support the ongoing review and maintenance of the iTrent system ensuring that it is configured appropriately for business needs and maintained to support delivery of valid and reliable People MI.  Lead, develop and implement MI projects as required.  Collaborate across the HR community and wider business, consistently delivering astute people related analytics and information, identifying relevant issues and trends. Experience, Knowledge and Skills Required:  Degree Qualified (or equivalent), ideally in a business related subject where extensive use of IT or data analysis was required.  HR qualification (desirable) or a breadth of understanding of generalist HR issues is essential to ensure the MI data and commentary provided is appropriate.  A successful track record of delivering best practice highquality People MI reports and analysis ideally obtained within a medium to large size MI, HR or Payroll environment.  Extensive understanding of MI systems, reporting tools and databases.  Advanced skills in Excel, including pivot tables  Skilled in using iTrent HR system and reporting using Business Objects reporting (desirable).  Strong analytical skills with the ability to spot trends and provide detailed analysis and commentary.  Excellent communication skills and the ability to pitch communications appropriately depending on the audience. Carlisle Managed Solutions is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PeopleMIAdviserHRReportingOfficer_job****