Title: Lead / Senior C ASPNET Developer  Nottingham
Webindex: 69470462
Description: Computer People are currently working as a sole supplier to a market leading organisation based in Nottingham who are looking to create a brand new Development team in a C / ASP.NET / SQL environment. Our client is a successful business with an enviable reputation for innovation and forward thinking, and we are looking for talented individuals to join the team at a very exciting time. Due to the sheer growth in projects, we are looking to create a brand new Web Development team in a .NET environment, beginning with the recruitment of an experienced Senior / Lead Developer and **** further Web Developers. We are looking for an experienced C/ASP.NET of a Senior capacity, who has either lead a small team of developers, or been responsible for managing or mentoring other developers in a previous role. This is a great opportunity for maybe a Senior Developer who is ready to take the next step in their career by taking on the added responsibility of the day to day line management of a small team of Developers, as well as an actively hands on role within the team. Naturally you will have strong experience in designing and developing webbased business applications in a C ASP.NET and SQL environment. As Lead Developer you will provide development services to customers both internally and externally, ensuring that web applications are not only to a high standard, but both attractive, modern and visually stimulating. You will undertake code reviews throughout the project delivery to ensure best practice, and provide both leadership and mentoring to the developers within your team. As Lead Developer, you may also be involved in the creation of the software s architecture  working closely with other key members of the business including the Technical Manager, Product Manager and Delivery Managers. You will be pragmatic and practical with the ability to communicate effectively within a highly technical environment where requirements can change at a moments notice. In return, you will get the chance to work at the very heart of a highly dynamic, successful and thriving company in a professional yet informal and friendly environment. On offer is a starting salary of ****  an excellent benefits package including pension, medical and dental cover, besides more. This is am urgent role with interviews available at a moments notice, so please send your CV immediately for consideration. Senior / Lead Developer (C/ASP.NET/SQL) 