Title: Dynamics AX Business Analyst
Webindex: 70770077
Company: Catch Resource Management
Description: Dynamics AX Reports Analyst  Dynamics AX , SQL, SQL Server , .Net, SharePoint, SSRS, SSAS, Reporting Services , Analysis Services , Atlas, Data, Data Modelling , Data Warehousing , BI, Business Intelligence , Reporting, Business, Analyst Gloucestershire  ****  ****k. Our leading client requires a Dynamics AX Business Analyst to join their expanding internal team. Dynamics AX is being implemented within the business and this person will perform the analysis of business reporting requirements across all areas of Dynamics AX. Key Skills: Dynamics AX. Reporting Services (SSRS). Analysis Services (SSAS). Data Modelling. Data Warehousing. SQL Server: Create/Change Database. SQL Server: Populate Database. Estimating. Plan and execute unit testing. Plan and execute system testing. Main Duties: Carrying out all typical responsibilities of a Business Analyst  requirement gathering, project scoping, change management, business process mapping, and report writing. Interview process experts, define business processes and develop functional requirements. Collaborate with IT developers and suppliers/partners to ensure that the software system is designed and developed to meet functional requirements. Decide and document software configuration to meet the functional requirements. Create test scripts/scenarios and execute tests ensuring stability, usability and that requirements are satisfied. Document process execution in procedures to support site deployment. Define system reporting and forms to enable business process execution. Analyse existing systems, understanding functional needs, assist in the analysis and design of data migration and system integration. Support system deployment through preparation of documents/presentations/video materials with onsite education and training of key users. Location: Gloucestershire Catch Resource Management is a leading provider of skilled ERP, Java, SharePoint and .Net resources to both end users and to product suppliers/authors. Our consultants deliver a completely professional resourcing service, always backed up by our team of ERP specialists who are all experienced in full project life cycle implementation and support, thus ensuring that we fully understand our clients requirements and our candidates skills. If you have the relevant skills and experience for this position we would welcome your application, however please note that we receive high levels of responses to our advertisements so can only immediately respond to those that are a close match. However, if you are interested in hearing about similar positions then please register on our website: (url removed). Catch Resource Management Ltd. operates as an employment agency and employment business