Title: Operational Security Engineer
Webindex: 70691240
Company: ARM
Description: Operational Security Engineer  Firewall  IT Security  Information Security  Implementation  Network  Infrastructure ****  ****  Benefits Hampshire  Portsmouth Operational Security Engineer My client is one of the most recognisable companies in their field, supporting around 10million customer across various brands. They are currently seeking an Operation Security Engineer to join the business, reporting into the IT Service Delivery organisation. You will be: ' Responsible for the daytoday implementation, maintenance and improvement of all IT services to the business. 'Facilitate a secure environment to produce a reliable and consistent service and experience to all customers by protecting group information and IT assets against technological threats. 'Implementing, maintaining and contributing to the continuous improvement of bestpractice security technologies and infrastructure in line with legal and regulatory requirements, corporate policies and industry best practice 'Researching and understanding the latest security threats and technologies and the risks posed to the group, recommending and taking action where appropriate 'Locating, reporting and, where appropriate, remedying security incidents, problems and failures 'Contributing to improvements and enhancements and driving forward the IT Technical Roadmap 'Mentoring and guiding junior staff 'Providing technical support and guidance to the Business and other technical teams The successful candidate will: 'Demonstrate a good level of technical expertise in: IT security, Firewalls, External DNS, email Gateways (IronPort), Web Gateways (IronPort), 3rd Party Access Configuration, Secure client Remote Access, Load Balancers, Networking Routing/Topology, Windows OS, Cisco ACS, Cisco ISE, PGP, Unix OS and Endpoint 'Be able to handle more complex technical situations, troubleshoot and demonstrate an understanding of advanced functionality 'Have excellent communication skills and be able to manage their own workload effectively and efficiently 'Possess a systematic, disciplined and analytical approach to problem solving To find our more, make an application or to start the interview process please contact Tom Hickling on [blocked] or [blocked] or Tom.Hicklingarm.co.uk or apply via this website. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, SaaS, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunications, Manufacturing and much, much more. We will never send your CV without your permission.