Title: Senior Network Operations Engineer  Dorking, Surrey
Webindex: 68839170
Company: Additional Resources
Description: Senior Network Operations Engineer  Dorking/Surrey Package: up to **** Life Cover, Pension & Private healthcare A leading supplier of IT Managed Service solutions require a Senior Network Operations Engineer to deliver projects, consultancy and technical support to a high standard across hosted and widearea connected customers as part of a Managed Service offering. In execution of your duties, you will be responsible for: Design, implement and support customer solutions into the datacentre infrastructure Design, implement and support customer WAN solutions utilising MPLS technology Maintain 100% uptime of network infrastructure and customer solutions Assist with the ongoing development of the core network strategy Assist with the ongoing development of the datacentre strategy Assist with the ongoing development of the Network Operations team Investigate and resolve support logs in a timely manner Ensure all implemented solutions are backed up with documentation, training and expertise within the Service desk and Support areas. Manage, meet and maintain service levels, where appropriate providing input to other teams or team members, where necessary taking ownership of and managing problems. Ensure known issues and routine tasks are being managed and documented in order they can be dispensed at first line to increase first line resolution rates. Manage or act as central point of contact for incidents escalated from service desk or second line to Senior Technical Specialists. Expert knowledge of company processes, procedures and systems. Actively seek to improve and grow own skill and knowledge base in appropriate areas. Maintain progress on a number of projects and disciplines simultaneously. Provide support as part of the ****x**** out of hour’s rota. Be available to provide remote or onsite service for implementations and migrations, both in and out of core hours. Provide backup to support team as required in times of absence, major incidents and high demand. Provide technical presales assistance, assisting in recommending solutions to the customers and sales teams. To be considered, you will need to possess: Minimum CCNA, preferable CCSP/CCNP or CCIP with demonstrable experience Expert knowledge of Cisco router, switch and security products gained working within a service provider environment Expert knowledge of Cisco IOS via a command line Expert knowledge of IP networks and faultfinding Expert knowledge of VTP, SpanningTree, VLANs, OSPF, BGP, MPLS Knowledge of Cisco (or equivalent) thirdparty management and monitoring tools Knowledge of F**** loadbalancer products Knowledge of working with highsecurity and highavailability solutions Knowledge of VOIP and QoS/CoS Knowledge of networking within VMWare, Microsoft and Linux platforms Experience with dealing with thirdparty telco providers CCDA or demonstrable solution design experience Key words, “Cisco”, “CCNA”, “CCSP”, “CCNP”, “CCIP”, “networking” We are an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****