Title: HR Business Partner  (Major Change Retail/FMCG experience)
Webindex: 66434810
Description: Ideally you will come from a fast paced, constantly changing Business Partnering environment where you have managed major change projects and handled multiple projects. Individuals from retail or FMCG backgrounds would be preferred. You will think outside the box and be creative. This organisation is going through significant cultural change and really wants to be recongnised for its excellent culture so its important that the HRBP can bring new fresh ideas to the table. Work in partnership with business leaders to create, deliver and track a capability and engagement plan in support of the business strategy, integrating all people related activity (e.g.: resourcing, performance management and reward, learning and development, talent and succession planning, business change) and measures (Management Information). Work in collaboration with HR Centres of Expertise to create appropriate interventions to support the delivery of the capability engagement plan within allocated business area. Work as part of the wider Human Resources Business Partner community within HR to ensure the voice of the customer is reflected in the development of the strategic HR priorities. Ensure the successful implementation of the strategic HR priorities within allocated business area. Support business change activity within allocated business area, ensuring all people governance and processes are adhered to and provide expertise on the people impact of business change. Work alongside Local HR to spot trends in people management capability and develop plans to address these. Support Local HR with any complex employee relations issues. Work collaborately with business area Employee Representative Bodies in order to create a positive employee relations environment.Identify, own and manage the risks arising from the Capability and Engagement plans. Actively manage the HR functions credit bank within allocated business area. . Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.