Title: Java Software Engineer Hibernate, Spring, J****EE
Webindex: 71444096
Company: TEKsystems
Description: My client is one of the most visited sites in the UK on a daily basis as well as on a global scale, and they currently have vacancies for senior java developers. In terms of the size of the company, they are present within the top 10 biggest tech companies, alongside the likes of Apple and Google. If you have a passion for java and are looking to further your career then this is the role for you. The candidate should display experience as a Java programmer, including J****EE, SQL and Oracle to be considered for this position. Only the those who can demonstrate experience and passion to be part of a company who is continually showing signs of growth should apply. This job will bring pressure, though with pressure comes a competitive salary and package. Roles for clients such of these do not come around often, are exclusive to myself. If this sounds like your next career move then do not hesitate to get in touch. The technologies of direct importance to this role are; Java, J****EE, SQL, Oracle, MVC, Hibernate, Spring, J****EE This role is urgent so please submit your CV to gakellyteksystems.co.uk. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.