Title: Digital Assistant
Webindex: 68394044
Company: Abacus Professional Recruitment
Description: Our Client is looking for an enthusiastic Digital Assistant to join a passionate and dynamic Ecommerce Company. Working within a fast paced environment, you will take responsibility for SEO (Search Engine Optimisation) PPC (Pay Per Click) activities as well as being involved in key digital marketing projects. Chiefly you are tasked with the development and implementation of the company s Digital Marketing Strategy. This will pull together all of the key core concepts of Digital marketing; target audience, competitor analysis, driving traffic and conversion rates, budgeting and reporting. Reporting to the Digital Marketing Manager, the role has significant responsibility, and offers candidates the opportunity to make a direct impact on the day to day performance of the company. Key Responsibilities: Implement SEO PPC marketing techniques to increase website traffic, improve online rankings and generate improved ROI. Creation, implementation of digital marketing projects campaigns. Provide input into email social strategies. Briefing and monitoring online marketing creative agencies. Use Analytical tools to create reports and research to monitor competitor activity. Provide advanced online customer support to Internet customers. Essential Criteria: Educated to degree level in a relevant discipline. Proven experience in digital marketing. Strong communication skills and analytical skills. Experienced in the use of relevant technologies e.g. CSS and Adobe Photoshop. Desirable Criteria: Online marketing experience A passion for digital design and marketing with a strategic, resultsoriented approach evident throughout their career history. Strong Microsoft Excel skills and extremely comfortable with data Strong oral and written communication skills. Abacus is an awardwinning specialist agency providing permanent, contact and temporary staff to various professional sectors since **** Find career advice, videos and all jobs on www.abacus.jobs or via Linkedin, Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and G. Applications that match the relevant criteria will generate a priority response. Abacus operates as both an Employment Agency and Employment Business, adheres to all relevant legislation and offer services regardless of age, sex, disability or religious belief.