Title: Trainee Java Software Engineer
Webindex: 71846634
Company: Emponics
Description: Junior Java SQL Associate Software Engineer  Bristol to ****Kben Our client based in Bristol is a busy software house seeking an Associate junior Java SQL Software Engineer working with multiple products, solutions and clients, alongside other development teams on clients products. To develop clients Products ensuring the software meets the requirements and quality standards as defined by client and its customers. The role is associate level and successful candidates will have an opportunity to gain valuable work experience in a busy software house, working with multiple products, solutions and clients. Key Outputs/Responsibilities To implement enhancements to clients Product offering ensuring the software meets the quality standards as defined by client and the customer. Typical Work Activities include: Working with development and quality assurance to implement expected system behaviour. Discussing solutions with the team and other departments to ensure the best solution is presented in a straight forward manner. Making code changes and unit testing of the code Investigation of problems and determining the best solution Knowledge, Skills Experience: Java SQL Skills Analytic problem solving skills and IT background. Ability to learn and keep up to date with new applications quickly. Desirable Skills Drools Rule Engine, Spring Framework, iBatis, Oracle Eclipse IDE, Subversion, JUnit Experience of working in a Software House or Development centre. Familiarity with project methodology Qualifications: Computer Science Related Degree (or relevant commercial experience) Competencies: Excellent communication skills both written and verbal A passion/interest in Software Development and be able to understand complex software application. Focus on Delivery and Customer Service Teamworker Calm, methodical approach to problem solving Cultural Fit: Need to have a 'can do' attitude to problem management. Comfortable in a fast moving environment with multiple customers and tasks Works well in a busy environment and takes full ownership. Must live within easy travelling distance of office or be prepared to relocate , please mention this on your application This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TraineeJavaSoftwareEngineer_job****