Title: Developer  Commodities Front Office  Leading Investment Bank
Webindex: 72160828
Company: Oxford Knight
Description: Summary: Leading Investment Bank seeks a junior Java/C/C++ Developer to join their Commodities team, an opportunity to gain invaluable insight into the business side of things in an exciting Front Office environment. Client: My client is one of the best and most respectable Investment Banks in the world, which provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base including corporations, financial institutions, governments and highnetworth individuals. They offer unparalleled career progression and a fantastic working environment. The Commodities desk's core activity is focused on helping clients' manage their Commodity risk through a wide range of products (from Energy and Metals, through Agriculture and Emissions) and instruments (we trade both physical and financials, listed and OTC). The technology group is responsible for developing technical solutions and providing application support to Trading, Sales, Operations and Controllers in Commodities. Role: This is a great opportunity to work closely with the business, assisting them with any technical issues with risk and position management, trade booking and application support. This is a very handson role, which will require the candidate to diagnose business requests or technical issues quickly, identify creative solutions and in most cases, code and implement functionality and fixes in Real Time for immediate use. It requires strong technical skills, ability to work under intense pressure as a part of a global team and have solid communication skills. There will also be opportunities to work on longerterm strategic development projects that build out new functionality for our users. As well as having strong technical skills, the candidate must be able to deliver under intense pressure, work as part of a global multidisciplinary team, and be able to build rapport with demanding users. Lastly, a successful candidate will need to play a significant collaborative role in the software project development life cycle, leveraging their experience to help make applications robust, scalable supportable over time. Requirements: Commercial software development experience Experience with Java or C Interest in understanding business Strong analytical and problemsolving skills Solid communication skills If you feel like you are a strong match and would like to find out more, please get in touch: Anna Dewhurst