Title: Java Programmer/Java Developer (Market Data Analysis skills desirable)
Webindex: 71335526
Company: C.O.A.L IT Services Ltd
Description: Java Programmer/Java Developer (Market Data Analysis skills desirable)  Leading Financial: Location: London. Duration: Perm. Salary: ****k (neg)  Excellent package. Company and role: Market leading financial require an experienced Java prgrammer to join their team. Responsibilities in brief for Java Programmer/Java Developer  Leading Financial: General development work. Programming Java Front End for existing database systems/replacements/upgrades. Developing utilities for operations support staff incl, RFA (Reuters Foundation API ). Interacting with the Financial Calculation modelling. Coding work based on project requirements as and when they arise. Manipulation of SQL Databases  Setting up triggers, tables, views etc. Second line support to back up the first line support team if and where necessary. Create, maintain documentation on all developments aimed at support, developer and user guide levels. The applicant will/maybe expected to create monitoring software for Real Time. debugging of existing systems using a variety of tools incl. excel ( VBA), Java, VB. Organic programming orientation (with varied degree of specifications supplied). Skills and Experience in brief for Java Programmer/Java Developer  Leading Financial: Strong Java Programming skills: Web Development skills. Spring. HTML. JavaScript. Database retrieval  Hibernate/JDBC. Understanding of Multithreading within Java. Candidate must also be/have: Proactive developer (able to think outside of the box, incl. future proof coding. Understanding of OO programming. Experience of full product life cycle. Transact SQL knowledge. Knowledge and use of SVN or other version control software. SQL Server 2008. Time Series databases. Coding to third party API. Microsoft Excel (high knowledge excel). Desirable skills: Real Time Market Data handling  Bloomberg and Reuters API. Eclipse IDE. Ant Build tool. Understanding of relationships between markets. Understanding of multitier developments.