Title: Pre Sales Technical Support Engineer
Webindex: 68685561
Company: CMS Distribution Ltd
Description: The start of a new era CMS Distribution is the new name for CCI Distribution CMS Peripherals. We are a value added distribution company focused on bringing the right opportunities to the Reseller Retailing community. A much larger portfolio of products for our customers and many more customers for our Vendors  a solid platform for growth, onwards and upwards For this reason we need someone to provide technical support to the business in Harrogate reporting to the Technical Manager. You’ll need to enjoy sorting out pre and post sale technical issues in matters relating to the sale of storage solutions and services. Part of your role may involve installation work with customers on site so you’ll need to be crystal clear communicator both on the phone and face to face. If you're a Technical/IT Graduate and have 3 years technical experience, we'd love to hear from you. You’ll need to be great at managing your workload and dealing with pressure, while retaining a flexible and adaptable attitude. To excel in this role, you’ll need to be able to build customer solutions according to technical specifications. Finally we’d like you to bring some great systems experience with you, and be comfortable delivering training sessions to our sales team and customers as required. We’ll be looking for the following important qualities.  Selftime management  Working to tight deadlines  Strong communication skills  Able to train and explain processes/systems  Confident and outgoing personality  Flexible and adaptable attitude  Ability and drive to keep abreast of technological advances  Commercially aware  Understanding of business processes  Minimum basic experience of Windows Servers networking concepts If you think you could be a fit for this role we would love to hear from you This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PreSalesTechnicalSupportEngineer_job****