Title: Bilingual Technical / Remote Support engineer/ French/ German
Webindex: 68715413
Company: Global Technology Solutions Ltd
Description: Bilingual Technical Support / Remote Support /Unix engineer/ French or German speaking Unix skills Proven experience supporting UNIX environments with indepth knowledge of at least one of the core flavours such as Sun Solaris, HPUX , AIX , Linux ( Red Hat or Suse ). Knowledge/experience of working in cross platforms server environments. An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Bilingual Technical / Remote Support engineer who speaks either French or German and English to join well established blue chip organisation based at their prestigious offices in Reading. As a Bilingual Technical / remote /Unix Support engineer you will: Work as part of a team providing professional and comprehensive support to our clients customers.  Be responsible for dealing with customer technical issues over the telephone on a daily basis using a call tracking system.  Be responsible for ensuring customer satisfaction by providing a professional service and swift resolution to all customer issues .Be responsible for recreating problems in house and providing evidence where bug fixes are required.  Have the availability to, on rare occasions, attend customer visits on very complex technical support issues that might affect sales and sales pipeline. As a Bilingual Technical / remote support / Unix analyst you will have: Proven experience supporting UNIX environments with indepth knowledge of at least one of the core flavours such as Sun Solaris, HPUX , AIX , Linux ( Red Hat or Suse ). Knowledge/experience of working in cross platforms server environments. The following would be desirable not essential:  Previous experience with managing Disk arrays such as EMC Storage, Hitachi, Sun Storage.  Knowledge of replication and disaster recovering solutions.  Knowledge of Databases  Oracle, Sybase , DB**** Etc.  Previous working experience of VERITAS products such as File System, VERITAS Cluster Server or Volume Manager.  Knowledge of shell scripting C  Previous experience of clustering environments.  Experience with logical volume management  SAN (Storage Area Network) Storage experience and exposure This is a fantastic move for an individual with the above experience looking for their next career challenge This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BilingualTechnicalRemoteSupportengineerFrenchGerman_job****