Title: Data & Business Intelligence Consultant
Webindex: 69043143
Company: Careerwise UK Limited
Description: Data Business Intelligence Consultant  To ensure the orderly development, implementation and ongoing enhancement of an efficient, effective, cost effective, scalable and extensible systems platform to effectively meet the short and long term information and reporting needs of the business function. Main Responsibilities: o Validation of interpretation of business requirements into clear functional requirements. o Key member of design authority for planned system components, integrations, configurations. o Ensuring that development and delivery follows agreed roadmap and development processes o Subject matter expert on Data and BI and software specifically. o Proactive communication of status, issues, risks to stakeholders following the most appropriate routes. o Responsible for daytoday steering and management of MDM work. o Responsible for ensuring test programme is adequate to deliver the desired quality. o Reviewing technical performance of platform o Line management responsibility for resources in BAU maintenance and development. o Ensuring that business support services Data BI strategy supports, or at least is accepted as part of, the larger Information System strategy. o Representing business support services on appropriate IT governance bodies. Relevant Qualifications: Mandatory: o Several years experience of designing and delivering successful BI solutions, using more than one platform. o Several year experience with Microsoft BI toolsets, Business Objects and opensource BI tools, SQL Server, Oracle and other packaged reporting solutions o Subject Matter Expert in Data BI architectures and methodologies o Demonstrated ability to formulate successful data and reporting strategies that are appropriate to differing circumstances. o Experience of senior stakeholder management in projects with multiple streams Person Specification: Key Qualities. This role would suit someone who: Has a strong appreciation of the importance of strategy and standardisation in designing and selecting solutions to specific problems. Is not afraid to take responsibility for important decisions. Is able to bring clarity in place of ambiguity. Is proactive and delivery focussed. Able to work under pressure. Has an empathy with the Partnership democracy and culture This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DataBusinessIntelligenceConsultant_job****