Title: Software Development Manager / Technical Lead (VBNET / C)
Webindex: 70078060
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Software Development Manager / Technical Lead (VB.NET / C) Our client is a FTSE100 retail company employing over **** people across the UK and Eire, and increasingly in Europe. Their Head Office and their Directory Contact Centres are based in Leicester in the East Midlands. They have over **** stores and numerous Distribution and Warehouse operations. Position: Team Leader  Product Systems Project Team Location: Enderby, Leicester Salary: Circa ****k to ****k ROLE: The Product Systems Project Team Leader will manage a team of 68 developers to deliver effective, high quality projects to cost and timescales within the Product Systems area. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Create and maintain detailed development and test plans. b) Work alongside the Business Analyst to translate business requirements into design specifications. Work with the Project Manager to resolve resource or prioritisation conflicts. c) Produce management reports as required. d) Be comfortable working in a crossteam project working environment. e) Set development targets and manage progress to ensure these targets are met. f) Perform team member appraisals and hold regular one to ones and team meetings. g) Provide technical leadership to the development team. h) Develop team members technical and personal skills, providing guidance, direction and motivation. i) Communicate effectively at all levels within Systems and Product. Act as an interface to other Systems teams and Product. j) Stand in and represent the Project Manager in their absence. k) Proactively update the Project Manager and raise possible problem areas in projects. l) Ensure integrity, efficiency, availability and the security of information and systems. m) Provide analytical and development skills to support systems across a range of platforms promote and evaluate development and testing methodology, tools and standards. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Experience of managing a development team. b) Excellent .NET development skills (VB.NET or C). Expertise in Windows Forms development and Knowledge and experience of DR/ resilience planning and deployment. c) Good leadership skills and a proven track record in a dynamic and reactive delivery environment. d) Ability to effectively plan and prioritise workloads and to measure and report on current progress. e) Excellent analysis and problem solving skills. f) Proven ability to interpret technical documentation, architectures and functional specifications. g) Ability to analyse complex systems accurately and create technical specifications. h) Good understanding of development and test best practices and methodologies. i) Commercially aware with capability to understand business issues and key events. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Website development skills (ASP.NET/MVC/JQuery). b) Good User Interface design skills. c) Experience of deploying and supporting applications in a Citrix environment. You may have experience of the following: Software Development Manager, Technical Lead, Senior Web Developer, Web Project Manager, Lead Software Engineer, C Developer, Business Analyst, VB.NET Developer, Software Project Manager, Web Development Team Leader, Web Architect, .Net Developer, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.