Title: Treasury Analyst : Compliance Team : World Leading Oil & Gas Co
Webindex: 68701553
Company: Eagle Cliff
Description: Treasury Analyst : Compliance Team : World Leading Oil Gas Co. Start Date: 4th February 2013 Duration: ****  12 Months (Maternity Cover) World Leading Global Energy Oil Company has an exciting opportunity for a Treasury Analyst to work in their Compliance Team. This is a temporary role to provide maternity cover for a minimum of six months from the end of January 2013. The Treasury Compliance team is an independent team of five professional staff who work to ensure that treasury operations are performed in a controlled manner by the delivery of an effective treasury risk management and control framework. Responsibilities include: Maintenance of the credit analysis reporting process including the interface with IT support team Working with treasury managers and front office to monitor and manage credit risk Providing briefings to credit committee Managing the annual review of global exposures to financial counterparties Ensuring controls around credit process remain robust during system changes Skills Experience: Recognised senior finance qualification (ACA, CIMA, ACCA) and/ or professional Treasury qualification, Experience of reporting to senior management Strong excel skills Corporate treasury and or financial assurance / control experience in a large company Excellent communication, influencing and interpersonal skills. This needs combining with a positive attitude and an ability to work within a large, globally dispersed project team in a multicultural environment. You also need to be a selfstarter, a logical thinker and a quick learner, with strong initiative and excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation skills, able to write clearly and concisely. We believe in equality of opportunity for all job applicants regardless of gender, marital status, race, colour, nationality, ethnic origin, creed or religion, disability, sexual orientation or age. Specialising within Energy Trading, Oil Gas, Financial Markets and TV Entertainment, Eaglecliff Recruitment is ISO accredited, a Member of REC and listed within the top 4% for Financial stability by Dunn Bradstreet. Please telephone or email your CV for an immediate response. Eaglecliff Ltd is acting in the capacity of an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for contractor resourcing. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TreasuryAnalystComplianceTeamWorldLeadingOilGasCo_job****