Title: IT Security Solutions Architect
Webindex: 71760207
Company: GE Capital
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for an IT Security Solutions Architect to join GE Capital EMEA. This opportunity will own the security architecture and landscape for distributed technology and application, in particular those that are internet facing. The ability to review solutions and quickly identify areas of potential security weakness, as well as describe the required remediation is an essential capability. The role will serve as a point of reference across EMEA in IT security design and as such will be regarded as a subject matter expert in their field. The IT Security Solutions Architect will be accountable for:  Ability to work alongside and across organisational boundaries is essential as is the ability to deliver a security infrastructure and application roadmap which aligns with business need and the global footprint.  Implement a security design function which evaluates proposed solutions with respect to corporate standards and industry best standards.  Act as the point of reference for security related design considerations, work within the change cycle to ensure that new applications and infrastructure meet the required standard.  Aligned with the global architecture team ensure that the corporate blueprints and toolkits are embraced and extended to fit the EMEA businesses. Assist in the promotion and adoption of the global standards.  Implement, challenge and design regulatory risk activities and drive change and process improvement to IT risk landscape. Continuously review existing processes to ensure GECC is compliant with emerging regulatory and industry trends.  Manage security architecture improvement programs across the GE Capital Businesses.  Coordinate and liaise with other GECC HQ functional security teams. GE Capital EMEA is one of the region’s largest commercial and consumer lenders with over $**** billion in assets, **** employees, more than five million customers and operations in 19 countries. For businesses, particularly small and midmarket firms, GE Capital EMEA provides a range of specialised financial products and services including receivables financing, distribution finance, acquisition finance and commercial loans and leases to support customer needs. And, thanks to GE’s 130 years’ experience in energy, aviation, healthcare and media industries, we know how to make business assets work harder. In addition, GE Capital EMEA serves millions of consumers through its awardwinning retail banks in the Czech Republic, Hungary, Nordics, Poland and Switzerland. GE Capital EMEA also includes Mubadala GE Capital PJSC, the commercial finance joint venture between GE and Mubadala, based in Abu Dhabi, which is focused on commercial investments around the world with a particular emphasis on the Middle East. This position would suit someone who has:  Bachelor’s Degree in IT discipline or related field with an IT focus  Demonstrable experience in IT related roles in financial services  Proven critical thinking and problem solving skills with ability to gather input from a variety of sources, synthesize the information, and deliver an independent analysis  Demonstrate advanced understanding of security design principles and the embedding of these.  Strong Leadership and organizational skills; be able to adapt to evolving priorities supporting business goals  Experienced at developing and sustaining relationships, building collaborative partnerships, and liaising with a variety of constituents and stakeholders at a variety of organizational levels. Desired Characteristics:  Experience influencing and leading global cross functional teams/projects  Selfmotivated individual with excellent verbal and written communications skills  Experience with financial industry regulatory requirements a strong plus  Demonstrated ability to work as part of a team and train others on regulatory requirements  Strong analytical skills with solid working knowledge of MS Excel, PowerPoint, Word and Project  IT and/or audit certification(s) a plus, such as CISA (Certified Information Systems Auditor) or CISSP (Certified Information System Security Professional) Sophisticated communication skills and stakeholder engagement capabilities must be coupled with excellent team leadership and highly effective and commercial decision making processes. Connect with us GE Capital provides all the latest news and career opportunities directly to you via Twitter GECapitalEurope or on LinkedIn at GE Capital Careers . You can also find out what it's like to work with us in this video . This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITSecuritySolutionsArchitect_job****