Title: German Help Desk/Technical Support Specialist
Webindex: 68679689
Company: Language Matters
Description: This is an excellent opportunity for a German speaking Technical Support Specialist. Reporting to the European Support Manager, the German Help Desk/Technical Support Specialist will be responsible for internal and external postsales support. The main responsibilities include 1st tier DSL and network troubleshooting including outbound and followup phone calls and handle incoming call escalations from partners promptly, courteously and with attention to detail. Our client is a leading provider of realtime online services and management solutions and the successful candidate will be the secondary contact for the existing customers to maximize customer satisfaction and the primary contact for the client's customers in the UK and Germany. Profile Must be bilingual English and German Solid experience providing customer support services or Tier 1 technical support preferably in a software support environment Knowledge of computers, all versions of Windows, TCP/IP networking, hardware maintenance and DSL (configuring routers) Solid understanding of the internet (email, web browsers, TCP/IP) Solid knowledge of Microsoft operating systems Strong knowledge of networking, wiring, routers, modems Knowledge of broadband technologies (DSL and/or cable modems) and experience in dealing with ISP's Excellent customer service skills Demonstrated interpersonal skills and ability to work as part of a team or independently Strong communication skills: active listening, writing/typing, informal communication Bachelor's degree preferred NB: If you have applied for any other languagematters vacancy there is no need to reapply, as your CV will be considered for all of our vacancies that match your language skills and work experience. We work constantly to provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, social background, religion, disability or sexuality. NB. Client requirements dictate that we can only accept applications from candidates who are available for facetoface interviews in the UK within 24 hours. Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK or hold a valid work permit. Please note that we contact successful candidates within **** working days. We will consider you for all our vacancies now and in the future. Please do not reapply unless requested to do so. Language Matters is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GermanHelpDeskTechnicalSupportSpecialist_job****