Title: C Net Senior Software Engineer
Webindex: 67288116
Description: Senior Software Engineer (C, .Net) you will be joining a small existing team who work on various DO****B Level D (nonsafety critical), mainly Windows, applications software tools. These tools are used in the development and support of embedded software within the Power Section. Proud of our continuing achievements, we recognise our success is founded upon our people and the talents they possess. As our business continues to grow with new, major contract wins, there are opportunities for you to fulfil your potential on a global scale and to work on leading edge projects  so whatever your career aspirations, you can achieve them with us. This is your opportunity to join the brightest minds in the aerospace industry. To contribute to advancements in aviation that will build a better tomorrow. You ll work collaboratively and across functions, all with ongoing support of the organisation s annual investment in education and training. Responsibilities:  Execute the requirements, design, implementation and verification of assigned projects using sound engineering principles and adhering to business standards, practices, procedures and product / programme requirements  Provide technical guidance and leadership to personnel supporting the assigned project  Document technical data generated by the assigned project consistent with engineering policies and procedures  Provide timely communications on significant issues or developments  Participate on teams assigned to address organizational initiatives and generic issues  Participate as a presenter or reviewer in technical and program reviews  Assure proper documentation of technical data is generated for the assigned projects and/or tasks consistent with engineering policies and procedures Key Requirements:  Demonstrable commercial experience of designing and implementing software  Hands on experience of software design lifecycle within Aerospace or similar controlled industry  Experience of RTCA DO****B / EUROCAE ED****B or similar rigorous development standard  Relevant degree (e.g. Computer Science/Software Engineering)from an accredited university or college or equivalent level of knowledge and experience  Good level of experience of C, .Net  Experience of C++  Experience of design pattern methodologies (e.g. UML) Desired Characteristics:  Strong technical aptitude, including applicable engineering tools and systems  Good oral and written communication skills  Good problem solving and solution building skills  Demonstrable success achieving and exceeding internal and external customer milestones  Experience with Embedded Languages (e.g. Ada, C, Assembler) Benefits Include:  Pension Scheme.  Flexible Benefits  Relocation Package.  Share Option Scheme  Global Opportunities.  Good location and working environment.  Good opportunities for career development, regular reviews and career planning. Successful applicants will be required to undergo UK MOD security clearance prior to appointment