Title: Consultant (Software)  Life Sciences, Bioprocess, Healthcare, Pharmac
Webindex: 68627286
Company: Edissero Ltd
Description: Consultant (Software)  Life Sciences, Bioprocess, Biotech, Bioinformatics, Cheminformatics, Pharmaceutical, Healthcare This awardwinning, global software house is looking for a confident and outgoing individual to support its customers in the implementation, configuration and training of its range of innovative scientific software solutions. These solutions are used to increase efficiency and improve business and scientific productivity of R D organisations worldwide. Responsibilities include being involved in early discussions with the customer to understand their business objectives and technical requirements, through working with the customer to explain the company's solution and its fit to their needs, into the definition, execution and successful deployment of a solution at the customer site. Deployment activities include installation, database administration, upgrades, project control, system configuration, integration, presentations, delivering user training and postdelivery support. Essential skills: A PhD, MSc or BSc in the Life Sciences (Biology, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Pharmacology, Bioinformatics, Cheminformatics, Biopharmaceutical etc.), Engineering (Chemical Engineering, Bioprocessing) or Mathematics. Domain knowledge in one or more of the following: Biopharmaceutical, bioprocess in development  manufacturing; f OOD and beverage, consumables; s mall molecule and biological formulations; a nalytical development and QC; e nterprise software deployment, inventory management, LIMS, GxP and validation. At least three years' industry experience in a pharmaceutical/biotech/healthcare or similar company (eg as a scientist, senior scientist, group leader, integration specialist or consultant). Experience of being responsible for, or a key player in, project delivery. A real enthusiasm for helping customers get the best out of their IT Outstanding communication, presentation and organisational skills. A good level of IT literacy. Any of the following are desirable: A power/super user of electronic laboratory notebooks, LIMS, lab execution systems, chromatography data systems or other enterprise document and data management systems. Knowledge/experience in one or more of the following: MS Excel; Oracle; Java; PL/SQL An understanding of enterprise architecture. Knowledge/experience of working within a GxP/**** CFR Part **** compliant environment. Classroom based training experience. Customer facing skills. This is a valuable opportunity to join a dynamic software house at the forefront of data management solutions. An attractive and relaxed working environment, a highly competitive remuneration/benefits package and career progression are on offer. This role requires some international travel.