Title: Implementation Consultant with Accounting Software
Webindex: 70769869
Company: Ambis resourcing Partnership
Description: Implementation Consultant with accounting software experience  work for a market leader  ****k  car allowance and some flexibility for working from home days. This is an exciting opportunity to join a vibrant, fast growing and entrepreneurial organisation  successful candidates will benefit from ongoing career development, Sage 200 training and a very busy schedule. It is a role with real prospects to move up to leading a small team, and to Project Management, for a bright, enthusiastic, ambitious Implementation Consultant with accounting / ERP software experience. You will be working on Sage 200 implementation projects, ensuring the smooth delivery of the full project life cycle on projects ranging ****k  200K;we are looking for bright,client facing candidates. The company provides a range of blue chip solutions in the Accounting, ERP and CRM software arena; they are a Microsoft Gold Partner, with an energetic team that has grown with flair and creativity. You will be providing professional services on Sage 200 implementation projects that will cover scoping, configuration of Sage 200 modules, data migration, end user training, and user documentation and on going support. You will need proven implementation experience of accounting software such as Access Accounts, Dynamics GP, Sage, Pegasus Opera, AccPac, SAP Business One, Iris Exchequer, Dynamics NAV, SunAccounts, COA, Coda or similar. Ideally you will have 2 years experience in software consulting as an implementation consultant and will be looking for a real career move into team leadership. You will join a highly successful team that are renowned for providing high quality Sage 200 software, consulting and implementation, with real prospects to move into a Project Management role. Superb chance to move to the Sage 200 arena with plenty of perks and benefits. Please get in touch with Jake King or Carolyn MacLurg at Ambis as soon as possible