Title: Senior Linux Systems Engineer ( Linux, RHEL, MySQL)
Webindex: 66434427
Description: Senior Linux Systems Engineer UK ServiceNow is currently seeking a Senior Systems Engineer. As a key member of the Cloud Infrastructure Engineering team, you will be responsible for architecting, building and managing the global cloud infrastructure that runs our SaaS product. This is an opportunity to be at the core of building a Cloud SaaS platform that will scale to millions of users The Cloud Infrastructure Systems Engineering team architects, builds and operates the server infrastructure that runs our SaaS platform at scale and with high availability. Working closely with engineers and developers across the company, the candidate will have the following responsibilities. RESPONSIBILITIES: Building software tools to automate infrastructure and release management Application benchmarking, performance analysis and capacity management Recommending code tuning/optimisations Designing scalable software and database architecture to support customer growth Researching and implementing new tools and technologies This is a great opportunity to help us lead the industry in designing and implementing the next Cloud infrastructure. EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: The candidate should have a strong background in systems architecture and engineering, understanding of the components of software infrastructure, including hardware platforms, OS, virtualisation, application, databases, web and application servers. Prior experience in software development/ engineering, release management/ DevOps and managing largescale server infrastructure is highly desirable. Solid experience with Linux and/or FreeBSD At least working knowledge of Perl, Python or C/C++ Familiarity with MySQL, Oracle, MongoDB, Cassandra or similar technologies Understanding of Apache/Tomcat; some experience with Java is a plus Experience with systems management platforms (Puppet, cfengine, chef) at scale is highly desirable Familiarity with virtualisation and cloud infrastructure technologies Candidate must have good communication skills and work well in a collaborative team environment. WORKING FOR SERVICENOW: We are a dynamic and rapidly growing software company with a strong sense of dedication to our customers. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business. We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits, and a professional, yet relaxed atmosphere.