Title: Solutions Architect Design
Webindex: 71197677
Company: Deekay Technical Recruitment Limited
Description: Architects work on overall business and ICT architecture within a specific business domain. They are accountable and / or responsible for the high level specifications of the solutions we build and the overall effectiveness and efficiency of those solutions. They should provide the architecture and high level solution context within which changes to our facilities, processes, platforms and capabilities are designed by our designers and analysts. This vacancy lies within the applications domain. One Connect Limited is undertaking a comprehensive review of core systems to streamline the applications estate, which means you will be joining us at a busy time. The postholder will also act as lead for mobility and agility. This covers an array of requirements from fieldforce automation, through mobile devices, bringyourowndevice and remote access solutions. Several handheld device projects are already planned and the appointee will need to hit the ground running with these, as well as picking up any new requests that come onboard. Solution Architects have crosscutting responsibility and will be expected to work on projects outside of their core domain The ideal candidate will be capable of working across all stages of the architecture lifecycle. Good time management and communication skills are essential. The role involves liaising with customers to elicit requirements, working with technical colleagues from both the operational and design teams and supporting project managers through design, identifying risks and overseeing solution implementation Qualifications/Skill Requirement Proficiency (Essential/Desirable) **** Educated to degree level with industry practitioner qualification (or equivalent) in solution or enterprise architecture (e.g. TOGAF). Desirable **** Significant endtoend design experience (spanning people, process and technology) and responsibilities. Essential **** Experience across a broad range of relevant technologies with substantial experience of the specific technology area associated with the role being appliedfor. Essential **** Accurately documents solutions and makes complex ideas or proposals easy for others to understand and act on. Essential **** Takes responsibility for managing and leading project teams (including suppliers and customers) in design activities following approved processes. Essential