Title: Application Support / Developer
Webindex: 67904621
Company: Assured Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Job title: Application Support / Developer Reporting to: IT re the 55th fastest growing business in the UK as awarded by the Sunday Times and Virgin Fast Track 2012. We have a brand and a heritage we are proud of, and the future is even more exciting. We have ambitious growth plans, and we are investing heavily in talent, our brand and technology is at the heart of our plan. The Assured Platform is one of the most advanced recruiting platforms in the world and has been recognised for technology innovation by our peers. Hiring great talent is key to our ongoing success. We are very pleased to have an opportunity for an ambitious Application Support / Developer to join our team. Our Application Support / Developer will be highly ambitious, have a passion for quality and all things IT. Due to the recent implementation of Salesforce CRM / Microsoft SAAS within our business we now looking to hire an Application Support / Developer to develop, support, integrate and evolve our SAAS based systems. This role would suit a Junior / Graduate level candidate who can demonstrate a working knowledge of Web / Application support and development, SAAS systems and infrastructure You will enjoy working in a fast paced, change driven environment. We embrace change, it s inevitable. We are all accountable for the success of the business. You will have values similar to that of our business culture; Relentless Ambition Entrepreneurial Ownership/Accountability Collaboration Driven to Success and Innovation We are more than just recruitment, we Unite Ambition. We offer an exciting future in a thriving project driven environment. We have a shared vision, we have a journey. Application Support / Developer: Experience required A degree in an IT related discipline would be an advantage Any commercial experience would be advantageous Web Development Web Management Experience of CMS Experience of CSS and HTML is essential Working knowledge of Salesforce APEX, Visualforce, Java, Javascript,JQuery, .NET is an advantage Experience of CRM administration / customisation and website integrations Experience of working with web portals Integration and development of Mobile technology and associated apps Application Support / Developer: Duties Web development and management Dashboard and report creation Application support and development Server management / networking To work with our Project Management Team to identify new and creative opportunities to support additional business processes and functions Database administration, configuration and customisation Data Security Drive system adoption Testing Working with our Digital Marketing /Creative Team to develop our digital / web strategy To work with key business stakeholders Development of Social Media Plugins etc We re building something very special, with online marketing ability being at the heart of the strategy for success along with industry leading and robust technology platform. We are not limited in vision, ambition or resource and require an equal minded Application Support / Developer to join the business and be part of, shape and drive our vision. Package: A salary of between **** and **** is on offer for the ideal candidate. The package will include a bonus scheme, holidays, pension and other elements etc. Hours: You will be required to work 5 days each week between Monday and Friday (9am ****:00pm which are our core business hours) as you expect there will be occasions when you will need to work beyond these requirements. Please apply online for this position via the link attached to this advertisement. We acknowledge all applications and will update you on the status of your application by email and / or telephone