Title: Perl Developer
Webindex: 55409870
Company: JOBG8
Description: Opsview  Perl Product Developer Reading Our client is an independent software vendor providing the awardwinning Opsview Enterprise systems monitoring and application management software. This is a leading suite of products used by their customers to manage their complex, distributed IT environments, delivering high availability, improved service levels and better management information. Headquartered in Reading (Berkshire), Opsview have development offices and sales staff in the UK and USA. They have over **** users in more than 160 countries around the world and they provide a comprehensive IT infrastructure monitoring solution at a significantly lower cost than alternative proprietary vendors. Opsview is an exciting and dynamic company with ambitious growth plans and is looking for highly motivated individuals to help drive further global expansion. Opsview are now urgently recruiting a Perl Developer who is capable of delivering new features in the Opsview product suite. The successful applicant will be responsible for developing features within the product's exciting roadmap and assisting customers with requests for specific feature development. It is expected that the Perl Developer will also work closely with the product support team by providing expert technical guidance and assisting with technical issues and queries. You will have at least two years experience in Perl development, working with either Perl Catalyst web framework or DBIx:Class. You will also have experience of software development processes, writing unit tests and browser based technologies such as JavaScript, HTML, CSS, AJAX, REST and JSON. Day to day the right candidate will be developing software for the Opsview product suite, reviewing and contributing to functional specifications and detailed technical designs and developing and unit testing to these detailed designs. Other responsibilities range from validating development estimates and meeting the resulting deadlines. Experience of working within Agile Scrum teams will also be a distinct advantage. This new role provides a real opportunity at the start of an exciting period of growth where your dynamism and vision could have a direct influence on the success of the business. Training will be provided in Opsview and other open source tools, but prior knowledge of these or similar products would be advantageous. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a rapidly expanding technology driven organisation,  send CV ASAP, interview slots to fill. Apply now for more information. Ref Code: ADV****JSVB1 Closing Date: ****/****/****