Title: Project Manager  Cisco Networking / UC  Prince ****
Webindex: 67947024
Company: Perfect People Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Project Manager  Cisco Networking/Unified Communications  London/South East  Prince**** (foundation as a minimum) The company is a leading provider of Networking, Unified Communications/Voice and Security solutions to the Enterprise and midmarket space. The primary focus is upon networking solutions however the portfolio is growing to include server, storage and cloud offerings. The role requires experience of managing the delivery of multiple infrastructure solutions and services with a typical project value up to ****k. Key Duties: Manage projects to the triple constraint of time, budget and scope and strive to exceed client expectations Demonstrable knowledge of modern project management techniques, stakeholder negotiations, resource scheduling, task allocation, budgeting, accounting and reporting. Provide advice on all projects to ensure set standards of quality and corporate branding are followed. Maximise profitability by minimising project creep and utilising resource correctly. Maintain strong focus on ensuring PIDs, designs, plans, and Initiation Documentation etc. are baselined and tracked accordingly. Indepth knowledge of IT Solutions, usability, and fitnessforpurpose. This will include an understanding of legislation relating to modern business requirements eg data storage and disposal. Define the risk profiles for each project, maintain and manage the risk and issue log for each project, put in place contingency plans to minimise business risk Prepare and present project status reports to Client and Insight Management teams as necessary Maintain a change control database with records and impact assessments of all changes that have come about during the project life cycle. Ensure Client instigated changes are properly captured, approved and funded The Project manager will have good time management skills with the ability to work under minimal supervision where necessary. Maintain current Project Management qualifications eg PRINCE**** Demonstrable knowledge of modern project management techniques, stakeholder negotiations, resource scheduling, task allocation, budgeting, accounting and reporting. Provide advice on all projects to ensure set standards of quality and corporate branding are followed. This will be through interaction and the production of requirements documentation. Projects are to be scoped correctly from the start to ensure that a realistic schedule is created. Previous experience in a client services background. Previous project management and IT Solutions experience, preferably within an SMB facing environment. Understanding of business process and procedures and how to analyse these to improve operational excellence and adherence to ISO 9000 standards.