Title: New Business Executive – Central Birmingham – ****k****kOTE
Webindex: 71287777
Company: Penguin Recruitment Ltd
Description: We are looking for a great candidate to join a leading IT Reseller based in Birmingham offering a broad range of solutions. Working closely with both Vendors and Manufacturers, you will be providing top rate customer service across the board, along with consultative sales. This organisation is looking for an exceptional candidate who can offer a wealth of knowledge from an IT Sales background, and enjoy continued career growth with fantastic commission. You will need to be new business focused in order to create your own long lasting relationships with a variety of businesses across the UK. You will need to offer full product knowledge and advice to your customers, and understand their needs in order to offer the best service. In turn, you will also have full support from this established organisation including technical, presales support, etc. The ideal candidate will have worked within an IT Reseller, and be up for the challenge of proving themselves for fantastic career progression and internal promotions. It will be advantageous to your application if you can provide evidence of overachieving goals, or exceeding levels of expectations. You need to show that you have previously built new accounts from your own research and lead generating, as well as the driven character to succeed and develop in your career towards a Field Sales position. There is a great opportunity to climb further up the ladder within the business and also increase your earning potential. Basic salary is negotiable dependent on level of experience, however, their commission package is industry leading and will allow you to rapidly increase your earnings, with no cap There will be additional benefits as your succeed up their career ladder, and you will also enjoy working within one of their friendly sales teams with a lively atmosphere. Interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please contact me on **** **** or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, gemma.bubbpenguinrecruitment.co.uk for immediate consideration. Commutable Locations  Birmingham, Northampton, Moulton, Wellingborough, Rothwell, Kettering, Raunds, Irthlington, Rushden, Brampton, St Neots, Bedford, Kempston, Huntingdon, Milton Keynes, Olney, Cranfield, Buckingham, Banbury, Bicester, Leamington Spa, Southam, Daventry, Coventry, Rugby, Market Horborough, Leicester, Corby, Stamford, Peterborough, Sawtry, Yaxley, Oakham, Melton Mowbray, Bourne, Spalding. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions.