Title: Support Consultant with ERP or Accounting Software  Stockport
Webindex: 71753123
Company: Ambis resourcing Partnership
Description: IT Support Consultant / Applications Support Consultant with accounting or ERP software experience to join a lively, fun, professional team within a software consultancy who specialise in a renowned ERP software solution that is sold globally from a leading software vendor. You will have the opportunity to move into consulting and software implementation and fast track your career and earnings. Based near Stockport South of Manchester,their product is very successful, continues to go from strength to strength and is a total ERP and accounting business solution for small to medium sized businesses (SME s). Base salary to **** plus company benefits and training on the product. The company is financially strong and proud of the success they have accomplished over the past 25 years. You will be bright, enthusiastic and a strong team player, with great client service skills. You need a proven background in Applications Support / Software Support / IT support and you will have experience of ERP software or accounting software  or business software such as dealer management systems: (Dynamics AX, Dynamics NAV, Sage 200, Sage Line **** Access Accounts, Coda, Iris Exchequer, SAP Business One, PS Financials, NetSuite, Kalamazoo, Infor SunSystems, Tropos, Epicor, Lawson or similar). You will be providing telephone, email and remote support to their client base for their ERP and CRM product and you should be a great communicator, professional, client focused and knowledge sharing. You should have a strong desire to take your career to the next step and train up as an Implementation Consultant, going out to install the software on client sites. This is a great company with a lovely working environment. There are real career prospects into consulting or implementation and you will get excellent product training. Please contact Jake King or Carolyn MacLurg at Ambis or drop over a copy of your CV as soon as possible