Title: Integrated Environment Support Manager
Webindex: 68832978
Description: Integrated Environment Support Manager  Nottingham  ****k. One of Nottingham s leading employers is seeking an Integrated Environment Support Manager, which will report into the Divisional Release Manager. You will be responsible for ensuring that the technical solutions, of one or more initiatives,are prepared for release into preproduction and production environments. These initiatives will include project work, solution delivery, enhancements, fixes, refreshes or BAU changes. You will need to demonstrate the skills to engage with, and integrate delivery with, multiple vendors and suppliers, to include IBM, Wipro and others. You will also ensure that requests are dealt with in a timely manner, handling resource clashes and communicating effectively amongst the various parties.As the ISEM, you will be charged with ensuring the preproduction environments are an accurate representation of the production environments, and putting in place a plan to remedy where that is not the case. You will make sure incidents are dealt with, including communicating with suppliers and stakeholders regarding outages. You will also deputise for the Divisional Release Manager when appropriate.In order to succeed in this role, you will need to demonstrate experience of both preproduction and production environments. You will have a good understanding of technical infrastructure, application infrastructure as well as interdependencies. You will have strong knowledge of delivery and integration management techniques, Unix, Linux and ideally Web Logic. You will also be comfortable owning key processes, presenting to stakeholders and managing suppliers. You will be able to balance project work with the protection of production services, manage multiple initiatives and handle competing and changeable business priorities. If you would like to be considered for this exciting opportunity, please send your CV to David Procter in the first instance