Title: Senior Automation Tester
Webindex: 71759840
Company: Assured Recruitment Solutions
Description: Senior Automation Test Location: Leeds Duration: Permanent My client urgently requires an experienced Senior Automation Test to join their busy Leeds based team. The Senior Automation Test will ensure adequate Automation testing is performed on the rapid development of software and configuration changes within the work stream. You will work across concurrent projects to define the Automation test approach including ensuring that sufficient test coverage has been reached prior to the go live sign off. As the Senior Automation Test you will: Manage and coordinate the delivery of Automation testing to support project delivery. Work with the project manager to plan all Automation testing activities required for new functionality. Plan and execute the Automation testing required to demonstrate applications support the Transactional Volumetrics. Work with Automation test team to build and maintain test frameworks where required. Work with Project team and suppliers to identify Automation regression test suites for execution against releases, to ensure Changes/Releases confirm to the Automation requirements. Provide Test completion reports with supporting data to facilitate go live decision making. Essential to the Senior Automation Test: Subject Matter Expert within the Automation test arena. Hands on experience with Performance test tools such as Loadrunner, JMeter, OpenSTA Working knowledge of web based applications, high frequency/high throughout messaging systems performance testing. Previous experience of component and EndtoEnd Automation testing. Ability to converse at varying management levels. Proven experience of the ability to communicate with business and technical personnel. Excellent communication, planning and organising skills. Continually pursuing improvements in IS products and services. This is a great opportunity to continue to further your career within a fast paced, dynamic business who continues to invest in its people as well as the latest technologies. If you have the relevant experience above and have worked as a Senior Automation Test previously, apply with CV to markbrayfordassuredrecruit.com Senior Automation Test This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorAutomationTester_job****