Title: Business Analyst Team Lead  SC Clearance
Webindex: 69020544
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Role Profile Reporting to the Programme Manager, the post holder will be responsible for the Business Analysis function within the IS Programme. This will involve managing a team of BAs, and ensuring that their work is executed to desired time and quality targets. What you will be doing Project Delivery  That BA activities on projects are carried out to the required standards, including the following :  Support the Project Manager in defining the project scope and its business justification, as defined in Project Brief / Project Initiation Document or Business Case (as appropriate)  Capture and gain approval for project requirements through approved templates  QA design documentation to assure traceability to requirements  Plan and support execution of acceptance test activity, working closely with operations and Business staff as required.  Support business change through development of appropriate business process documentation, developing additional training material if necessary, and training out to impacted parties.  Providing a point of consultancy to individual BAs regarding delivery issues.  Through ****:****s, reading project reports and by any other means, to closely monitor the status of projects, to be able to identify projects where the BA function is in crisis, and to step in and provide hands on delivery support where necessary, to get back on track.  Maintaining healthy internal and external stakeholder relationships, effectively supporting escalations involving the BA team.  Where priorities allow, to be prepared to fulfil a handson project BA role in addition to the team management role. Team Leadership  Managing the team, ensuring that levels of communication are maintained through team meetings and ****:****s, setting and tracking against objectives, managing the appraisal process, identifying and managing any performance issues, and supporting career development.  Actively managing the team resource profile through detailed awareness of future demand through knowledge of the roadmap, and implementing hiring and training plans accordingly to achieve the desired resource mix.  Provide BA resource management, using knowledge of project demands and of team skills, to make effective and timely resource allocation decisions.  Maintaining the team budget, monitoring market rates, and ensuring that team costs are managed.  Managing team skills :  having a clear view of the set of necessary skills to fulfil the BA function now and in the future  having a clear assessment of the current skill levels within the team at any point in time  developing training plans within the team, designed to maintain necessary skill levels Standards and processes  Ensure that BA best practice is established and maintained, that processes and templates are available, and that all BAs are schooled in best practice and are performing to the required standard.  Establish estimation models for BA effort, based on past practice and knowledge of the lifecycle, in order to support planning activities at programme, portfolio and project level.  Provide support to the development of the Programme Roadmap, providing review feedback, and ensuring that personal and team knowledge is kept up to date.  Support the Programme Manager in working with customers to establish project priorities, and to reflect in the delivery Roadmap.  Develop and maintain team KPIs. What we are looking for Knowledge Highly desirable:  Management of a team of BAs, and through them, supporting delivery of multiple simultaneous projects.  Possessing a BA qualification, such as the BCS Diploma in Business Analysis (formally the ISEB Diploma in Business Analysis), and experience of delivering projects using these skills.  Experience of gathering and documenting business requirements for technical projects, including leading workshops for requirements and business process capture. Desirable:  Security cleared.  Degree qualified in a relevant discipline. Skills Highly desirable:  Strong financial skills, with experience of managing budgets.  Excellent communication skills, able to produce concise and accurate summary reporting, as well as communicating effectively and clearly with internal and external stakeholders.  Highly process aware, with evidence of actively contributing to continuous improvement of BA processes, templates and standards.  Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.  Excellent negotiation skills with stakeholders, vendors and suppliers Desirable:  Self motivated and motivates others keeping morale and performance high.  Ability to prioritise workload and work well under pressure to meet deadlines and manage business expectations. Technology Highly desirable:  Expertise gained through recent handson project roles, in a wide range of relevant technologies including security / firewalls, servers and virtualisation, clientside technology, local and wide area networking, switches, load balancers, and infrastructure support for ERP application delivery. Especially strong experience in all aspects of security, experienced in environments where multiple levels of security need to be maintained.  Experience of delivering Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) projects.  Deep understanding of IT architecture and strategy concepts, and comfortable working with and supporting the technical architect community, and of understanding architectural concepts