Title: Sales Manager for Access Services
Webindex: 71564934
Company: Advantage XPO
Description: Sales Manager for Access Services  Field Based  ****k****k basic  Excellent OTE About the Company: Our client is one of the world's leading telecommunications and information technology service companies. We have almost 200 million customers and offer them all kinds of products and services for connected life and work. Our client focuses on major technical and social trends and plays a key role in shaping them: the increasing digitization of many spheres of life, the personalization of products and services, growing mobilization and internationalization. The 'T' is the Group's company brand and will also become an integral part of the brand image of its international affiliates in future. Take a look at our job search site and use the selection options to bring you a step closer to your dream job. We look forward to receiving your application. About the Department: The area of Access Services was created to consolidate and deliver all customerfacing access offerings of the company, in particular in the areas of Service Quality, Access Software, Security VAS, Insurance and Roaming. The mission of Access Services is to 'simplify and enrich Connectivitymaking our access offerings safer, more transparent and easier to use.' Position Description: The area of Access Services was created to consolidate and deliver all customerfacing access offerings of the company, in particular in the areas of Service Quality, Access Software, Security VAS, Insurance and Roaming. The mission of Access Services is to 'simplify and enrich Connectivitymaking our access offerings safer, more transparent and easier to use.' Within the framework of Access Services, the Sales Manager for Access Services OTT Carrier sales Joint venture (JV) will be supporting for the sales of Access Services products to external Carrier or potential JVs (primarily outside of footprint): In particular, this is done by supporting the definition, development and execution of the following functions based on Access Services products. Business Case development to prove that the sales activities are valuecreating for the company Gotomarket strategy and execution to drive the adoption of company products in order to drive maximum financial benefit for Access Services and the company overall. Position Requirements: What are the current and future objectives and main tasks? Current and future objectives: Develop business and deliver sales to external carriers and potential JVS outside of the company footprint Main tasks: Develop business for carrier sales and JV Create gotomarket concepts and business cases Deliver timely, relevant and clear communication to P I What product and service offers are prepared on the responsibility of the position holder? All Access Services products (i.e. Service Quality, Access Software, Security VAS, Insurance, and Roaming) with potential of being sold outside the company footprint What decisions does the position holder make? Which products to make most financial impact on performance of Access Services business unit Which key stakeholders from various P I units to involve What information (business cases, process flows, product descriptions, PowerPoint presentations, Word documents) to be provided to achieve maximum sales success Our Offer: Short Job Description: Within the framework of Access Services, the Sales Manager for Access Services OTT Carrier sales Joint venture (JV) will be supporting for the sales of Access Services products to external Carrier or potential JVs (primarily outside of company footprint): Advantage xPO is in the top 1% of staffing companies in the world. With a truly global footprint. Advantage xPO specialises in recruitment outsourcing. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Advantage xPO: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SalesManagerforAccessServices_job****