Title: System Analyst  IT, SAP FICO, AGILE
Webindex: 69022597
Company: Eetica
Description: SAP FICO IT System Analyst This role presents an excellent opportunity for an experienced individual to further build and develop their system analysis experience and competencies. The role will be focused on application processing and system development activities targeted at enhancing customer satisfaction, cash and profit performance through business programmes and projects. The System Analyst is involved in the research, development and definition of system operating models, designs and processes which will deliver the solutions required to meet IT and business needs. You will be working with Business Analysts, Solutions Designers and Architects. A key function will be to validate requirements, their for impact on business system applications at a detailed level, taking into consideration system processes, integration and impact on third party systems. Responsibilities: To facilitate application modelling To carry out system impact assessments for change and to offer alternative approaches to facilitate the desired outcomes. To work with Business Analysts, Solution Designers and architects to develop best fit solutions. To own QA of application code/solutions delivered by peers and third party agencies and ensure quality of output within the delivery process. You will have a measurable track record of providing systems analysis input into major change initiatives You will have experience in service orientated, customer facing industries (ideally within either the retail or telecoms or banking arena). Experience Needed: SAP FICO Experience Strong academic background at least to a degree level 5 years relevant work experience Proven experience of system analysis principles. Track record of successfully using system requirements elicitation and communication techniques including workshop facilitation, documentation analysis, interviewing and brainstorming Excellent analytical and commercial reasoning skills Preferable experience of working within a range of project methodologies; Agile, DSDM, and Waterfall. If you are the System Analyst I am looking for please send in your CV and contact me on:  Fusion People are committed to promoting equal opportunities to people regardless of age, gender, religion, belief, race, sexuality or disability. We operate as an employment agency and employment business