Title: CNet Developers Junior to Mid Level Developers
Webindex: 69092547
Company: Diamond Recruitment Group
Description: We are currently seeking a C.Net Developers for our client based in Belfast. This is a permanent contract for developers with ****4 years experience. C/SQL Developer Role Overview: This is an exciting opportunity to join our clients in house Development Team in the development of creative solutions to meet business requirements The C/SQL Developer will be a key provider of support within the team. You will be asked to configure and maintain software systems (primarily CRM and CMS) and participate in the development of datacentric software applications developed in C and SQL Server. Responsibilities Participate in the development and refinement of business requirements and technical specifications, offering technical expertise and insight Employ innovative problem solving to develop creative solutions to business needs. Design, develop, test, document, and assist in the implementation of technical solutions. Maintain, enhance, and troubleshoot existing business applications and websites. Provide technical assistance to business users, such as answering questions and troubleshooting technical issues Maintain and develop technical expertise in Internet standards and technologies applicable to web development. Focus on multiple facets of the software development process. Develop standalone software and get involved with all phases of the development (design and code) Requirements analysis Testing, including defining/supporting acceptance testing and gathering feedback from prerelease testers Key Technical Skills (1 to 2 years) Essential Requirements: Experience Skill with the following technologies is required: NET Framework **** or **** C, ASP.NET SQL Visual Studio 2008 SQL Server 2008 SSMS Desirable Skills include: HTML, CSS BIDS, SSIS Personal Competencies Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with others at all levels of the organisation Passion to deliver excellent customer service Innovative problem solving and creativity Ability to prioritise tasks and proven ability to meet deadlines Ability to quickly learn new programming languages and techniques. Contact Details Deadline To be considered for this position, please forward your CV to at Diamond Recruitment by clicking on the APPLY button on this page and attaching your CV. For further information on this opportunity please contact Phil Vernon at Diamond Recruitment on **** **** **** YOUR DETAILS WILL BE TREATED IN A CONFIDENTIAL MANNER WITH DIAMOND RECRUITMENT GROUP. ONLY APPLICANTS MEETING THE CRITERIA WILL BE CONTACTED.