Title: Level 2 Technical Support Engineer
Webindex: 69022095
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: The Background A secure MoD facility in Wiltshire is seeking a Technical Support Engineer. The Role As a Technical Support Engineer, you ll assist in the management and support of the infrastructure, primarily the network and external communications, including the provision of helpdesk support and reconfiguration. You ll also liaise with external communications providers to ensure business continuity and the swift resolution of issues. You You ll have experience in a similar Helpdesk Support or IT Infrastructure role and will have a knowledge of network topologies and related equipments. You ll have CISCO experience, along with MS Server and / or Windows. You ll have experience with one or more of the following tools and methodologies; Voice over IP telephony, Riverbed Optimisation technology, Network Topologies: TCP/IP, Communication Topologies, Common Core Platform (X**** G**** ISDN and Telephones), Fibre optic or copper medium. You ll have excellent written and verbal communication skills, and will ideally have experience of working within project teams. A working knowledge of MoD related Network infrastructures, processes and support will certainly hold you in good stead. This is an excellent opportunity, with the opportunity to further your experience and the chance to progress along a structured career path. TO APPLY: Please send an updated CV in response to this mail ) clearly demonstrating relevant experience  Relevant candidates will be contacted by a consultant for a confidential conversation within **** hours of submission. JAM Recruitment are acting as an employment agency with regard to this position. I would also like to draw your attention to our candidate referral scheme. If you can recommend a friend or colleague to us, who we subsequently place, then you will receive **** of high street vouchers. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position