Title: Product Development Manager – Language Services Solutions
Webindex: 66943803
Company: Webrecruit
Description: Product Development Manager – Language Services Solutions Leeds, West Yorkshire ****  **** Plus Potential Bonus, Pension, Health Scheme  Excellent Benefits Our client is one of the world’s fastest growing language services companies. They achieve this through the provision of software, multimedia, translation and language technology to clients on a global basis. They are now seeking a Product Development Manager to work alongside their Technology and Sales teams. This is an ideal role for a product development manager with a proven track record of conducting market research and competitor analysis looking to contribute strategically to a rapidly expanding international business. As a Product Development Manager, you’ll be responsible for leading the technology marketing strategy of our client’s solutions. In this senior role, you will manage a team of ambitious professionals and play a key role in the company’s development of the software technology. Analysing the technology and services offered by our client’s competitors, you will recommend strategic developments to ensure the technology remains competitive and relevant. With your expertise, you will assist the sales team in developing appropriate sales strategies to maximise the benefits of the technology and service solutions and countersell against the competitors. Additionally, as a Product Development Manager, you must be highly motivated and results oriented with the ambition to succeed and desire to make a marked impact. A flexible and positive work ethic is also key. To apply for the role of Product Development Manager, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Product Development Manager, Technology Development Manager, New Product Development Manager, Product Manager, New Products Manager, NPD Manager, Product Marketing Manager, Products & Services Manager. ]