Title: Graduate Engineer  SQL/Unix/Scripting  Finance
Webindex: 71593476
Company: Aston Carter
Description: My client is one of the most successful and well recognised organisations in the financial sector, offering software and platforms that process upwards of 80% of trades within certain business of the biggest Tier **** investment banks around the world. This role is for a Systems Engineer providing technical support for the company's BuySide application support team, liaising closely with the business to develop a broad knowledge of the financial sector to further your career in a competitive market. Few technical roles in any bank or financial software house offer the level of business exposure that this will give the successful candidate; especially at the graduate level. You must have: Technical or Finance related degree from a top tier institution, ideally a BSc. in one with an MSc. covering the other oFor example  BSc. Economics, MSc. Financial Computing; BSc. Computer Science, MSc. Finance and Management; etc. Knowledge of SQL, Unix and Scripting (ideally Perl) Broad knowledge of the finance sector and passion to get involved in the business aspects of the role In exchange for your skills and aptitude this client offers very competitive salaries, an excellent benefits package and a track record of impressive bonuses. Providing you have an aptitude for technology you need not necessarily have a Computer Science/Software Engineering degree, however you will be tested on your knowledge of SQL and Unix systems. You should also have an understanding of at least one Scripting language (ideally Perl). Any courses/MSc. done to further your knowledge of the financial markets post BSc. will be very highly regarded, demonstrating a 'selfstarter' attitude and genuine drive towards entering the financial sector. If you would like more information on this role please send across a copy of your CV to Rob in response to this advert, or call to discuss. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice.