Title: Information Security Consultant  Contract
Webindex: 66497583
Company: Harvey Nash
Description: Information Security Consultant  Contract (3 months Initially)  Bradford (West Yorkshire) Purpose of role: To develop, implement and review systems and processes for information security (computer and business systems) requirements of the client. To provide security consultancy/specialist advice/guidance to business, I.T. managers, business partners and the Information Security Industry. To make significant security decisions within the Group. Professional qualifications and essential experience required: Experience in both technical and non technical areas of Information Security. Strong technical knowledge of Windows , UNIX , networks, and Oracle databases (analysis, design, testing) plus security tools. Uptodate knowledge of security related legislation and industry best practice. Desired: Experience with Oracle EBusiness Suite Accountabilities: To maintain, promote and communicate Information Security policy, standards and guidelines in line with industry best practice. To influence the Information security industry through participating in industry security workshops and arranging and participating in Industry security events. To conduct security reviews of Group computer systems, procedures, and practices for compliance with Policy and legislative requirements, and provide regular reporting to management. To initiate, manage and evaluate multiple security projects and initiatives and provide security advice and guidance in order to mitigate potential security weaknesses and ensure that best practice is followed. To develop and manage the clients Incident Response Team (ISIRT), ensuring that policies and procedures are regularly challenged and revised. To conduct security and intrusion monitoring of the clients computer environment. To provide input to the purchase of security products and manage security software packages ensuring updates are applied and configured in a timely manner in conjunction with technical areas. To help produce and coordinate IS disaster recovery plans and testing of those plans for critical IS systems. To specialise in specific technical areas, and train other team members. To represent the client at business security group meetings and ensure all requirements are met (e.g. Link security group). To apply for this position please send your CV and should we feel that it is a good match well be in touch to discuss the opportunity in greater detail