Title: Senior Quality Assurance Engineer MTM, Coded UI, Selenium, BD
Webindex: 71856307
Company: RDF Group Limited
Description: Senior Quality Assurance Engineer MTM, Coded UI, Selenium, Gherkin based BDD framework Our client are a global fashion outlet base in busy Camden. Set in there trendy modern offices surrounded by bars and restaurants and RDF are looking to attract the best talent: Qualifications Experience: A Degree or similar level qualification. Knowledge of Agile and XP practices Expert understanding of nonfunctional requirements, software engineering and continued improvement methods Experience of working with 3rd party systems and organisations Experience of working with an SI/Offshore partner Essential Skills: Excellent multitasking and strong communication skills are essential. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Excellent working knowledge of: Writing test scripts. Automated Testing selenium/Soap UI. Unit Testing. 3rd Party Integration Testing. MS stack and implications of testing different technologies. Use of SQL to query databases and run test cases. Test data requirements. Defect Management and Triage. MTM / Coded UI / Selenium/ Gherkin based BDD framework. Understanding scope and limitations of different test types. Work with DBAs and System administrator Test data creation and management strategies for the various testing types. Defect management and Triage process. Understands the benefits and differences between UI/API/Integration and Unit testing. A good understanding of the following testing approaches: Test data creation and management strategies. Manual Testing Automated Testing Load / Soak / Performance Testing Usability Testing Security Testing Operational Testing (Stability/Backup and Recovery/DR) Cross Browser Desirable Skills: Good working knowledge of some of the following: User story creation Gherkin language The Microsoft technology stack in relation to testing including Visual Studio / TFS/ MTM Understanding of how physical architecture effects QA SQL (TSQL, Database Design) Selenium **** with Visual Studio .NET/ C Visual Studio Web Tests/Coded UI QTP/SoapUI Scrum for Team System Template and Workbench