Title: SOFTWARE TESTER  SOFTWARE TEST ENGINEERS (Multiple roles)
Webindex: 68691662
Company: ASC Connections Ltd
Description: Job Title: Software Testers / Software Test Engineers x**** Purpose of the Roles:  You will be working within a mixed technical disciplined Research and Development Team and your role will be assisting with the next generation of product.  You will be responsible for improving the quality and predictability of software releases through detailed and comprehensive testing with a bias towards automated test development.  You will increase the overall productivity of the team, working in a fast paced development environment, reducing the timetomarket. Key Responsibilities:  Gain and maintain familiarity with the portfolio of existing and forthcoming products  Design and implement automated tests and test suites for new and existing products  Produce high quality documentation where required in support of these tests.  Diligently execute those tests, capturing results and publishing those results with high quality test reports where required  Collaborate closely with design engineers during debug efforts  Participate in manual testing as and when required. Competencies Required:  Basic record of automated test tools, experience with Testcomplete a distinct advantage but not essential.  Good Working knowledge of Javascript or equivalent scripting language.  Basic understanding of realtime principles and an appreciated network devices, distributed processes and packet based protocols.  Strong commitment to design and test of high quality software  Familiar with Agile / Lean Methodologies.  Min 2 years Software Testing Experience  Good communication skills, both written and verbal, including the ability to discuss and implement ideas. Qualifications required:  HND or degree level education preferably in an engineering or IT related field. Commutable Locations: Nottingham Leicester Coventry Birmingham West Midlands Mansfield Derby Stafford Chesterfield Macclesfield Stoke Hanley Sheffield Doncaster ASC Connections is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SOFTWARETESTERSOFTWARETESTENGINEERSMultipleroles_job****