Title: Project Manager ChangeTransformationto****k
Webindex: 68832385
Description: Project Manager ChangeTransformationHampshireto****k The client in question currently has a fantastic opportunity for a Project manager to join their business change and IT team who are responsible for providing expertise to change products within the Insurance sector You should be able to demonstrate strong knowledge and commercial experience of: Managing complex projects in order to change working practices and add value to the business. Identifying and resolving resource conflicts and managing critical dependencies. Tracking and monitorig large projects and plans. Contributing to the development of a business strategy and operating plans. Managing project risks, developing contingency plans and resolving any issues. Managing the activities and relationship of suppliers, ensuring engagement. This is a fantastic opportunity to add value through your existing experience, whilst continuing to develop your career within an experienced and collaborative environment. This role will give you the opportunity to build a professional profile with senior management and stakeholders across the business. In return we are offering an attractive package including competitive base salary dependent on experience, annual bonus, competitive pension, healthcare and excellent flexible benefits. Location: Farnborough Salary: ****  Blue chip benefits Interview dates have already been scheduled and if you feel this role is suited to your skill set apply immediately. Rullion are acting as a agency on behalf of the client Rullions Business Transformation Practice specialise solely within the Change Management / Transformation arena. Covering a range of disciplines as well as opportunities from Analyst to Director level our indepth knowledge of the transformation arena, the associated disciplines and several core markets allows our consultants to provide accurate advice and various opportunities within a number of bluechip organisations. If you would like to discuss alternative opportunities within the business change / transformation arena please feel free to contact Robert Heseltine ( Click here to contact this recruiter ) for an informal discussion. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy