Title: Junior Microsoft SQL Server DBA
Webindex: 68807438
Company: Optus Consulting Ltd
Description: Junior / Graduate Microsoft SQL Server DBA Sandiacre, Nottinghamshire Up to 25,000 My client is an Oracle Gold Partner and one of the leading Database Support outfits in the UK, providing Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server support and managed services to well over **** clients nationally. Established in 2002, the company was formed and is wholly owned by the current working Directors. Due to healthy business growth, they are recruiting to expand their team of Microsoft DBA staff in order that they can continue to offer their clients the service levels that they expect. The ideal candidate will have an understanding of the Microsoft SQL Server Database technology stack and would also benefit from a good understanding of the Microsoft Windows Server operating system platform. Formal Microsoft qualifications are not a prerequisite for candidates who can demonstrate some level of experience. Good Report writing skills are necessary. The role will initially be to join the team of DBA s to support in providing routine maintenance and performance tuning services to the client base, along with managing specific support tasks that are assigned. My client offers the opportunity for DBA s to work with all versions of Microsoft SQL Server **** through to the latest 2012 technology. These systems are deployed on massively varied platforms and can range from small departmental databases, through to mission critical high end clustered deployments. The opportunity for growth and development is huge. Ambitious candidates will find the work varied and challenging, enabling them to develop their skills very quickly indeed  leading to wide and varied promotion opportunities. If you have the relevant skills and experience required and are looking to develop a career with a market leader then please send your CV to sophiedee.thomasoptusconsulting.co.uk Keywords: Microsoft SQL Server, SQL Server Clustering, Microsoft Windows Server **** / **** First Line Support, Database Administrator, Systems Administrator