Title: Middleweight PHP Developer Newcastle
Webindex: 71675839
Company: Riff Raff
Description: A raft of exciting new client business and a busy production slate throughout 2013 means we're looking to grow our team once again. We are looking for a talented middleweight PHP developer to join our technical team, working on a range of projects from ecommerce websites to complex integrated web applications. You will have at least two years of genuine commercial experience working with Object Oriented PHP, MySQL and Javascript/JQuery across ecommerce and data intensive web projects. You will have a solid working knowledge of MVC, and be able to demonstrate live examples of work with ecommerce and content management systems in which you played a major role. You will have an impeccable attitude towards industry best practice, and a penchant for pushing beyond your comfort zone. We work on some seriously complex projects, and are looking for smart, adaptable and inventive people who live and breathe the web. Our technical development team is core to the creative process, actively contributing to the creation of new ideas and concepts within a supportive culture of research and development. You will need to be ambitious, with strong attention to detail, as you will be involved with the scoping of new projects. You’ll need: Commercial experience in Object Oriented PHP and related frameworks Good practical knowledge of MySQL Working knowledge of Javascript/JQuery and AJAX Good understanding of MVC and other design patterns Solid understanding of common web security issues Experience integrating with service APIs Passion for digital and the latest web technologies A handson positive approach to problemsolving Excellent written and spoken English You must be: Capable of handling multiple projects to tight deadlines At ease interfacing directly with clients Comfortable working on highstakes web projects Respectful of proven testing and deployment strategies Full of ideas and ambition Confident enough to ask questions until you fully understand requirements Willing to learn and push yourself Happy to share knowledge and insight with the rest of the team Outstanding contenders might also have experience with: Designing and building service APIs ActionScript **** and Flash/Flex Other languages and devices (e.g. iOS or Android development) Common Social API’s and application platforms Distributed version control systems such as Git or Subversion Riff Raff is a tightly knit, extremely busy digital design and development team, with a positive culture of exploration and innovation. We create intelligent, inventive media solutions and can offer you an excellent opportunity to thrive in a vibrant creative environment with a growing team of passionate, experienced people who love what they do. Applicants should send a covering email and CV, along with a list of live web projects to jobsriffraff.tv. NO AGENCIES  WITHOUT EXCEPTION This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MiddleweightPHPDeveloperNewcastle_job****