Title: Team Leader Systems Management
Webindex: 68346559
Company: Premier Group
Description: Location : Moorgate Salary : ****  **** Position : Team Leader Systems Management Brief Posting Description My top financial client is looking for a Systems Capacity Manager to support their Infrastructure and Capacity Management Systems used to maintain IT Integrity. They would be part of the Security and Systems Management Team providing Infrastructure Management Services to IT Systems and colleagues and would be tasked with ensuring customer satisfaction of all IT services provided by the Security team is maintained. They would also need to develop and implement training plans for staff, to support both personnel development and the business requirements. The job holder will be responsible for: o Managing the IS Systems Capacity Management Team in delivering Capacity Management and Infrastructure Management Services to the organisation. o Managing the teams to ensure the Systems Capacity Management systems and toolsets are delivered in line with operation procedures. o Liaising with all IT Services Teams, ensuring system integration and consistent approaches are maintained. o Managing the IS Systems Capacity Management Team in delivering Capacity Management and Infrastructure Management Services to the organisation. o Responding to relevant system alerts, management of service desk calls assigned to teams including complying with configuration control requirements. o Planning, deploying and analysing new and existing technologies to enhance the existing systems as directed by the Systems Architect. Job Requirements Essential Skills: o Service oriented customer facing skills o Strong 3rd Party management experience o Organisational Management and leadership experience o Excellent interpersonal skills o Excellent documentation skills o Excellent motivational skills Desirable Skills: o Strong interest in Systems Management and Service o Knowledge of SCOM and Network Management Toolsets o Involvement in Project Management o Knowledge of network protocols o Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity planning and execution o ITIL V3 Foundation Please submit all CV s to jdeypremierlondon.co.uk Premier is acting as a recruitment agency with regards to this role.