Title: Oracle HRMS Technical Consultant  R****
Webindex: 68806099
Company: Redhill
Description: Oracle HRMS Technical Consultant  R**** Environment If you are an Oracle Technical Consultant and fancy a challenging role working with latest technologies inc Fusion Middleware and multiple implementation projects then read on You would be working for a household name in the world of Oracle who have managed to retain their startup culture from free food and fun teams to opportunities to work on exciting, high impact projects with the highlight being the calibre of employees they recruit. This includes not only their skills but also their personalities, you can be a very high level expert in the field but if you have no social skills then this is not the company for you. They provide opportunities for volunteering and sponsor social events that help new employees meet individuals they normally wouldnt have contact with. Other benefits include its School of Excellence with regular training on latest Oracle technologies. It really is a family environment they have created which motivates and achieves outstanding results with less than a 3% staff turnover annual if you work in Oracle you want to work here As a dynamic Technical Consultant you will be responsible for the implementation of client Oracle EBS R**** environments through migration methodology  design, development and implementation of bespoke amendments to these environments. You will be designing and implementing bespoke software extensions using Oracle tools and technologies, design and implement Oracle Portal and Workflow solutions, design and develop interface requirements using XML based solutions. development of reporting solutions and run design workshops to enable development  high value, low cost technical solutions to meet required business outcomes. To be considered for this position the Oracle Technical Consultant will have experience with:  Technical knowledge of Oracle EBS 11.5.10 and/or R**** (cross training given) with HRMS Payroll  any Financials would be beneficial.  Oracle API  Oracle Portal  Oracle Workflow  Oracle Discoverer  PL/SQL  Strong Consultancy skills. Although this position is a consultancy so there will be travel there is a strong work  home life balance. For full transparency inc company info and job specification please send through your CV to Alex Froude. This is an exciting role and a company that rewards its employees both professional and personally. Apply now