Title: Unix / Linux Systems Administrator
Webindex: 72248570
Company: Datasource Computer Employment Ltd
Description: Unix / Linux Systems Administrator Seeking a number of Midrange Unix / Linux Systems Administrators for a fantastic opportunitity to work with our largest Blue Chip client in Gloucestershire. These are permanent positions of all levels of candidate which will coincide with the salary offering of between **** and **** per Annum, which is also negotiable for exceptional candidates. The client also offers a great range of benefits to chose from, more details can be found at the bottom of the job description. This is a great opportunity to obtain the highest possible UK security clearance at Developed Vetting level which will allow you to work on projects in government sites across the UK. Task Overview In this role you will have overall responsibility for supporting a large Linux cluster  primarily through the delivery of third level operational support for server hardware and platform software. Responsibilities Investigation and resolution of hardware software incidents, performing root cause analysis to identify underlying problems, monitoring and optimisation of infrastructure performance. Liaison with customers and accounts to diagnose, investigate and resolve hardware and software issues. Working collaboratively with infrastructure groups, developers and project managers to ensure new infrastructure is successfully integrated into operational support. Executing system installation and patching using Cluster Management Tools and perform system performance monitoring/tuning Skills and Competencies Broad mix of Unix/Linux System Administration skills, including RedHat LINUX certification. Previous experience within an Enterprise environment , with indepth understanding virtualisation, installation and customisation of complex multinode systems High level problem investigation and troubleshooting skills, with the ability to analyse and resolve technical issues around Software installation, Software Clustering  HA Failover Services, Batch and Parallel Job Schedulers. Firm understanding and experience of DHCP, DNS, NIS, Shell scripting and knowledge of kernel tuning, Perl and C Code. What are the rewards? Individuallytailored personal and professional development. A competitive base salary. A selection of flexible benefits for you to pick and mix as you wish. RECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we d like to recognise your recommendations with a thank you of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you **** You will be required to hold a minimum of DV security clearance. If you do not hold an active DV clearance please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying (c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2011.