Title: Senior IT Project Manager  Group IS Development
Webindex: 55408791
Company: JOBG8
Description: My client has an IT budget to revenue ratio which well exceeds industry average. They are undertaking multiple business wide projects as part of a wider transformation agenda. Group IS Development now has a vacancy for a Senior Project Manager to join an expanding team. The post will involve:  Playing an active part in responding to business initiatives, proposing and negotiating appropriate ways to address problems and take advantage of business opportunities.  Responsibility for the successful delivery of concurrent projects.  Responsibility for projects involving significant (multiple) man years of software development and delivery effort.  Leading and managing teams of internal technical staff, outsourcing partners and thirdparty vendors to achieve project objectives.  Building relationships and communicating with stakeholders and sponsors up to senior levels within the business community. You will:  Have managed several full lifecycle, highvalue, IT projects, demonstrating the capability for driving multiple parallel activities with complex interdependencies.  Have had responsibility for controlling scope and accountability for delivering to budget.  Be experienced in managing at least one of the following: projects delivered by teams of onsite development staff; projects delivered by offshore partners; projects involving package selection and implementation.  Be familiar with operating within a structured IT and project management environment. Relevant certification such as Prince**** will be advantageous. Desirable Technical Skills:  Experience of managing projects utilising offshore resources.  Experience of managing development projects based on SOA principles.  Experienced in Application package (COTS) selection. Web / ecommerce applicatiosn  Good technical knowledge but skills on various technologies as projects contains .NET, Java, legacy and packages  Be an effective leader and problem solver, willing to take responsibility, with a `cando` attitude and a strong desire to meet objectives and deliver customer satisfaction.  Be comfortable with operating and interacting with stakeholders at all levels.  Be conscientious, selfmotivated and well organised, with a high level of personal integrity.  Have a strong academic record followed by an I.T. career that demonstrates achievement in each of your roles.