Title: System Test Engineer  Perm | Bracknell | UNIX | Windows | Testin
Webindex: 71759960
Company: Square One Resources
Description: System Test Engineer  Permanent | Bracknell | UNIX | Windows | Virtualisation | Testing Based in Bracknell, you will work in a thoroughbred environment. Our commitment to creativity and innovative solutions means that we want to attract the most talented people in the industry. We're the only vendor to have a file system operating in hardware using FPGA technology. We thrive on being the only ones doing what we're doing. We are looking for a System Test Engineer to join a strong Engineering QA team. This team ensures the platforms are robust and fit for purpose. The position will involve working alongside our Software and Development Engineers in an Agile environment. This is a challenging full lifecycle testing role within a dedicated QA team committed to quality. Each System Test Engineer gets a dedicated system to 'own' for their testing, and plenty of hardware to build a virtualised test client infrastructure on. Experience: The successful candidate is likely to have a good degree in either an engineering or computing discipline, with at least two years practical experience of the whole test cycle including test plan and test script development. Alongside functional, regression and system testing experience, we’re looking for somebody with familiarity in some of these technical skill areas: Unix/Windows environments File sharing protocols (SMB/CIFS, NFS) TCP/IP Networks Virtualisation NDMP, tape libraries and backup applications (E.g. Veritas, Legato etc.) Attributes You must possess and demonstrate the following attributes: A good technical skills balance with a strong quality ethic An inquisitive mind; the ability to think creatively with excellent communication skills The ability to grasp technical problems and their implications quickly and take appropriate action Good analytical and observation skills, matched with an ability to cope with change Adaptable and hardworking. As with all dynamic organisations, personal commitment is expected to be high Responsibilities The responsibilities for this role include, but are by no means limited to: Contributing to the creation of new features for our NAS platform Developing and running new feature tests and regression tests Managing defects from inception to verification and closure Liaison with Development groups (hardware and software) for test development tasks and supporting investigations and resolution of issues encountered by our customers Use of HP’s Quality Center application for test case creation and defect management Interfacing with Product Management and the Global Services and Support department as necessary A competitive salary, selectable benefits package and the opportunity to work within a dynamic, open and fast moving environment await the right candidate. Notwithstanding any guidelines given to years of experience sought, we will consider candidates from outside this range if they can demonstrate the necessary competencies. Square One is acting as both an employment agency and an employment business, and is an equal opportunities recruitment business. Square One embraces diversity and will treat everyone equally: Please see our website for our full diversity statement. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SystemTestEngineerPermBracknellUNIXWindowsTestin_job****