Title: Calling Any German Forum Moderators
Webindex: 55409456
Company: JOBG8
Description: How would you like to start a career in the social media industry?, can you speak fluent German and English? The job will be working in Belfast, one of Europe's most developing and exciting cities and recently hosted the MTV Music Awards need we say anymore You will be working on behalf of one of the world's leading computer companies so if you enjoy been a forum mod this could be job you really will enjoy The role A Moderator is responsible for maintaining a clean and interactive environment for all participants in the forums. A Moderator is also the first customer facing contact point that would be able to identify the top and high impact issues affecting customers and market share. Reporting content gaps and needs to the subject matter expert is a critical role that a moderator should also take. A Moderator will be required to compose responses, generate solutions and interact with customers using similar dialogue and conversational styles. The role requires individuals who have very strong customer focus skills as they will be required to interact with the customers, thinking and composing their responses and not using the standards answers or QT's. . The person You have to be fluent in German and English and have an interest in computers What is it like to live in Belfast? Belfast itself is a vibrant, multicultural and exciting place to live. As the capital city of Northern Ireland, it is home to More than **** people and boasts a wide range of exciting attractions, entertainment and shops. Relocation assistance provided Moving to a new city can be an overwhelming experience, but Belfast is among the most welcoming cities in the world and they as a company, do their best to make sure the transition is as easy and enjoyable as possible Finding accommodation is simple with the support of the relocation team and it is extremely cheap to live in Belfast  accommodation, transportation and the general cost of living are all very reasonable. They will Reimburse initial travel costs to Belfast Provide temporary accommodation upon arrival in Belfast Onsite re location advisors within the company to provide ongoing help and assistance throughout the relocation process. They will provide support in finding accommodation, getting a National Insurance Number, opening bank accounts and so much more Benefits and Salary There are a huge range of benefits including career progression, the salary is **** an hr on a fulltime basis, 40 hrs per week. There will be opportunities for overtime. The cost of living is much lower than many cities and not much tax to pay compared to many European countries. Please apply by sending a copy of your CV through the website Location  Belfast, Belfast, United Kingdom Candidate must be authorised to work in this country for any employer