Title: Lead QA Engineer
Webindex: 69204497
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Lead QA Engineer to join an expanding Global Technology Company based in London. Founded back in the mid ****?s they are now proud to be the global leaders at what they do and serve over 200 million consumers worldwide with a bestinclass service. They are better known in the U.S. but are making strong progress in the UK and Europe and as such are expanding their team at an exciting time where anyone joining the company can expect high rewards and an encouraging environment to develop their career. As a Lead QA Engineer your duties will include: ? Working on exciting new projects in a fast paced agile environment. ? Handling complex problems. ? Working with peers to resolve issues, design and implement quality solutions as well as provide input on strategy. ? Being responsible for assisting the Manager by facilitating assigned activities including the coordination of resources for approved Projects, system improvements, and adhoc or emergency requests. ? Maintaining expertise of the functional processes used by the organization and will be groomed for future Management or Architect roles. An ideal Lead QA Engineer will hold the following skills and experiences: ? Passionate, Driven and motivated. ? Bachelor?s degree in Business, Computer Sciences or related field (an equivalent combination of related education, training, and experience may be considered). ? Previous experience in a similar field. ? Resource planning and people management / leadership desired. ? Proficient understanding of SDLC processes desired. ? Knowledge of theory and principles of project management. ? Previous experience in resource planning and testing SDLC management or similar experience. ? Expertise in Structured Query Language (SQL) and relationaldatabase structures. ? Expertise in Release Management and Testing processes preferred. ? Experience reporting testing results in a clear, detailed, and analytical style using factbased metrics setting aside personal bias and subjectivity preferred. ? Strong knowledge of system integration. ? Building Testing Scenarios from Requirements. ? Requirements reviews. ? Reading and using Use Cases. ? Developing Test Scripts'. ? Ability to quickly and accurately perform troubleshooting and repair of existing test scripts. ? Track record for meeting deliverable targets, and taking part in successful releases. In return you will receive a salary of up to **** per annum plus an Uncapped Bonus. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a truly leading and dynamic company working for some of the world?s most well known brands. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.