Title: Mechanical Design Engineer  Yorkshire  ****
Webindex: 68835183
Description: Mechanical Design Engineer  West Yorkshire  Permanent  **** A major manufacturer of niche pneumatic products is seeking a Design Engineer for their West Yorkshire site. You will be joining a fantastic team and taking ownership for designing of both new and existing products manufacturing, testing and commercial activities. Therefore full cycle design experience would be advantageous for this role. One of the finest opportunities for a career focussed Design Engineer that I am currently recruiting for. Based within the West Yorkshire, this business is one of the country s leading specialists within different engineering sectors and is world renowned for their products quality as well as the service they provide. The company are an established profitable business offering an excellent, niche service to Oil & Gas and Mining industries by utilizing the latest technology. The main function of this role will to contribute to the concept, development and design of complex components, subsystems or processes. This role is within the West Yorkshire location this Mechanical Design will perform complex analysis work, identify design problems and resolve them too whilst also working very closely with other members of the small design team. The successful Mechanical Design Engineer must demonstrate excellent analytical skills and a mastery of engineering concepts in order to meet and achieve goals for cost, reliability and performance, and managing multiple priorities. Please be aware that my client is looking for a confident and selfdriven individual that can match their commitment to high standards and quality. If you, or anyone that you know is interested in this, and you are confident that you match the above criteria, then I want to hear from you. You will have: Degree in Mechanical Engineering (HNC / HND will be considered) Solid Mechanics background Experience of ****D CAD Design ideally ProEngineer (Desirable) Knowledge of FEA or CFD (Desirable) Experience in Pneumatics / Materials minimum 4 years engineering experience within a similar industry Benefits Long term development and progression opportunities For consideration, please send your up to date CV to Mudiwa Mtungi at Huxley AssociatesTo find out more about Huxley Associates please visit www.huxley.com