Title: Senior MI Analyst
Webindex: 64796968
Description: I am currently looking for a senior MI Analyst to work for a large Insurance company on a permanent basis in Leeds. Job Description You will be responsible for ongoing claims analysis, including detailed analysis of cost components and also the forecasting of future claims costs. Working closely with operational areas and other key areas of the business, through your analysis of key drivers the business will make decisions to help improve business performance by reducing claims costs. Specific responsibilities includeAssisting in the set up and population of the Claims Analysis data infrastructure and ensuring the ongoing quality, quantity and integrity of the data.Analysis of claims data to inform the underwriting process, prepare claims inflation forecasts, evaluate project development work and prioritise strategic purchasing initiatives.Undertaking statistical and probability analysis to identify trends and improvement opportunities by key driver across the business.Undertake project work to the defined standards of the Division and provide claims management information to support other cross business projects. Essential to this role is both the ability to interpret what our information is telling us about the performance of our Claims Business and the confidence to communicate intelligent insight to key stakeholders in order to influence decision making. Requirements Experience within a data analysis role is essential.Strong communication skills both written and oral. Stakeholder Management experience is essential. Ability to use Microsoft applications e.g. Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Access, Excel (advanced level).SAS (Statistical Analyst System) or use of a similar data analysis/ data manipulation tool is essential.You must be able to work independently within agreed timescales.Prepared to be innovative and challenging in your approach to work and have the ability to overcome obstacles by Generating new ideas and ways of doing things. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk