Title: Interactive Designer/Developer
Webindex: 71848816
Company: Talentweb Ltd
Description: Interactive Designer/Developer Salary: Negotiable dependant on experience Location:Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire Our client is a very dynamic, young company specialising in developing gamesbased elearning ('Serious Games') computer elearning solutions. They use the latest online technologies to develop engaging, fully interactive, award winning virtual reality computer based training programmes. Their programmes are currently used by a wide range of colleges and commercial companies. Our client has considerable experience of designing, developing and implementing technology based training and assessment programmes that deliver clear quantifiable business improvement. They are looking for an Interactive Designer/Developer with solid design skills and a logical mind to join their growing elearning development team Candidate: The successful candidate will be able learn quickly and work efficiently as part of a team. A keen eye for good design, attention to detail, and a willingness to expand your skills are important. This role would be suitable for a recent graduate or a designer/developer with a few years commercial experience Responsibilities include: Design and develop highly interactive content under the guidance of experienced team members. Create and animate graphics using Adobe Photoshop, Flash and other software authoring tools Working with existing templates to create a range of rich multimedia and interactive elements using text, audio, graphics and interactivity. Required Skills/Experience: Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite software, particularly Adobe Flash and Photoshop. Good graphical design skills Understanding of Adobe Flash for both Actionscripting and animation Clear understanding of intuitive user interfaces and navigation Attention to detail with the ability to execute projects accurately and quickly Portfolio or examples that demonstrate your skills are required Other Desirable Skills: Knowledge of Articulate Storyline or similar rapid elearning tools Knowledge of other Adobe Create Suite products such as Illustrator and Dreamweaver would be beneficial The ideal candidate will have a relevant degree. Do not miss out on this opportunity to join a fantastic company Apply Now This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InteractiveDesignerDeveloper_job****