Title: Test Consultant Transition Development Programme
Webindex: 69019859
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Job Title: Test Consultant  Transition Development Programme Salary: Negotiable Location: Borehamwood, Southern England About the Company: My client is a leading independent testing consultancy, trusted by major Blue Chips to mitigate IT systems risk since **** Over the last 20 years, they have worked on business critical challenges across a broad range of industry sectors. They often work with our clients over multiple projects and many years. We count over **** companies as past and present clients. Their clients say their strengths are in their people, processes and partnerships. These are upheld by their skills, experience and project management expertise, so if you want to be part of a winning team with a worldclass reputation, APPLY NOW The Role: My client has a number of exciting opportunities for people who have worked in IT for a while (min 2 years) and who are looking to make their next career step into the role of Test Consultant. This is a high demand and well rewarded IT focussed hands on role with great career prospects. Is this you? Are you, dissatisfied with your current career progress, looking for a role where you can make a difference, proactive, inquisitive, analytical, quick to learn, technology savvy, determined, a logical thinker, easy to deal with and keen to get on? Do you like to, be challenged, research problems and solve them, work with other people, learn and continually develop your skills? If so APPLY NOW The programme is designed to develop IT experienced individuals into Test Consultants to work with the growing team. Reasons to join my client: Career Progression: A continuous career progression, potential to Team Lead/ Project Lead and beyond Professional Development: They have a strong culture of training and development and the successful candidate will receive further development in both consulting skills and technical development on existing and new tools Challenging Projects: As specialists we focus on the challenging work, projects where others fail and we work predominantly in the finance sector Be a part of Growing Company: The Company is 20 years old and has grown consistently. They have ambitious and exciting plans to grow further so it s definitely the right time to join them and be part of our success They are growing fast and have exciting plans for further growth, they are also very good at developing people into excellent Test Consultants  most people they have developed still work in the business ****/****/5 years later