Title: High Performance Computing Specialist
Webindex: 72438989
Company: Human Touch
Description: High Performance Computing Specialist Working for one of the UK's largest PC and Server manufacturers, we are looking for somone with the following knowledge and experience. You will be responsible for the following: Provide HPC technical consultancy to our internal Sales, Bids and Marketing teams. Engage with customers in the early stages of HPC project specification. This will include HPC application benchmarking and developing proof of concept systems to address customer needs. Provide assistance in the configuration of clusters for end users. This will include working on site with customers and training end users. Maintain inhouse cluster, which is used by customers, with the latest technologies and up to date software and applications. Candidates should be conformable building foreign source code, linking to tuned mathematical libraries if required. Participate in the development of the company's HPC Offering. This will involve building application ‘kits’ and integrating cluster management systems with their build/support infrastructure. This will require a deep understanding of the Linux OS and Clustering concepts. To technically evaluate and prove, through proofofconcept and benchmarking exercises, all relevant ISV and other application codes and system platforms including hardware, operating systems and middleware technologies. Develop effective problem resolution procedures, consulting with managers/directors to address the most difficult problems. Maintain an understanding and awareness of the HPC space, keeping up with new developments and product releases. This will involve maintaining relationships with key suppliers such as Intel, AMD, Supermicro, NVIDIA etc. You will need to have experience in:  Experience in configuring/using HPC clusters.  Knowledge of scheduling systems, such as Platform LSF, PBS, Torque/Maui or Sun GridEngine.  Knowledge of Grid systems and configurations using Platform ISF, Condor or Globus.  Performance tuning of applications, through the use of compilers (Intel, PGI, GNU), libraries (LAPACK, BLAS, ATLAS, FFT, MKL etc).  Familiarity with low latency interconnects, such as Infiniband or ****GigE (inc MPI stacks).  Exposure to Linux Cluster Environments, such as Platform Cluster Manager, Bright Cluster Manager, Rocks or Oscar (or other, homebrew cluster management systems also a plus).  Knowledge/Understanding of clustered file systems (Lustre/GPFS/Panasas/DDN), any experience in configuring or tuning these file systems would be highly beneficial.  Indepth knowledge of parallel computing / multiserver environments, cluster concepts and the Linux OS.  Experienced in many flavours of Linux (Redhat, Suse, Debian), any certification that demonstrates this up would be viewed as advantageous (RHCE)  Technical knowledge of Networking products and solutions.  Knowledge of high performance computing systems; scalable, parallel architectures; and basic aspects of the UNIX operating system.  Knowledge of advanced data storage technologies and highspeed network interfaces.  Ability to monitor system usage and performance statistics and to understand the impacts of operating system tuning parameters.  Deep understanding of the installation and configuration of operating systems and application software.  Knowledge of problem resolution procedures, testing and evaluations methods, programming tools, and system network security in a UNIX environment.  Ability to analyse requirements and determine computational resource impacts.  A graduate in a technical or commercial discipline with an honours degree.  Must be capable of growth within the function and commercially.  Excellent writing skills, ability to articulate HPC solutions to broad level of users.  Comfortable presenting solutions to customers, managers and directors.  Pragmatic achiever/completer. Comfortable in a small team with high level exposure  Sufficiently flexible to be able to survive in a highly entrepreneurial organisation  Organized and analytical, able to eliminate technical obstacles through creative and adaptive approaches. Flexibility to travel as required (customer sites, HPC conferences etc) High Performance Computing Specialist This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HighPerformanceComputingSpecialist_job****