Title: Linux Systems Administrator  London to ****k
Webindex: 67904757
Company: Austin Fraser
Description: One on the London s most successful technology companies is currently seeking to employ a new highly skilled, seasoned, Linux Systems Administrator Boasting a client list in excess of **** customers from SME s to global enterprise this is one of the finest and most robust technology company specialising in email security in the country. In your new role you will work within a team of around **** technical specialists and you will be responsible for implementing and configuring Linux platforms according to project specifications. Projects will range from BAU support, to implementing, configuring and supporting of data centres, cloud systems and open source platforms. As the Linux Systems Administrator you will be required to work both from the office and the cloud data centres in London. Key skills for this Linux Systems Administrator role include: Extensive Linux experience including various flavours: Red Hat, CentOS, Debian, Ubuntu etc. Significant experience with Linux deployment tools such as: Puppet, Chef or CFEngine. Significant experience with Linux shell scripting (Bash, Sed, Awk, Grep etc) A strong background in Ruby, Python, Perl, PHP or Java scripting. Experience with AWS, and NoSQL systems such as MongoDB, Hadoop, Cassandra, Redis, Vertica. This role will offer you a great opportunity to develop your deployment and automation experience with a clear career path to the architect or senior open source positions. This company s success is built on developing their employee s and as such they invest in their employees in the form or open source certifications, sponsoring industry events and a great work / life balance. Please apply online now for immediate consideration for this role. Alternatively contact Nick Clark from Austin Fraser on (Apply online only) or I am also keen to hear from Linux Systems Administrators from the EU who are interested in working in the UK. Linux Engineer, Linux DevOps, Puppet, AWS, Big Data, Site Reliability Engineer, Senior Systems Engineer