Title: Senior Mobile Applications Developer  Android, iPhone, Windows Mobile
Webindex: 65453139
Company: Cordius
Description: Senior Mobile Application Developer, Mobile Apps Developer, Android, iPhone, Windows Mobile, East Midlands, Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire, Nottingham, Derby. Empowering customers to reduce their costs and environmental impact by maximising the efficiency of their transportation operations, my client develops and deploys innovative, industryleading technology solutions and services to optimise fleet utilisation and driver performance, to reduce costs and to improve service delivery. We are looking for a highly experienced Senior Mobile Application Developer to join their ever expanding Development team, working on the design and development of applications which form part of the mobile asset and resource optimisation systems provided by the company. Project experience (ideally 3 years) in the following is required: Experience of specifying and designing mobile business applications. Experience of Android, iPhone and Windows Mobile application development. Excellent JavaScript, HTML and CSS skills. Good SQL skills, including use of SQL server mobile / compact edition. Good understanding of XML. Experience in the following areas would also be desirable: WinForms application development. ASP.NET development. Web services. Satellite navigation products. Performance optimisation. Use of JavaScript libraries, e.g. JQuery mobile, Apache Cordova / Phone Gap, KnockoutJS, Sencha Touch. Automated build environments. Automated test environments. Experience of working in an ISO9001/TickIT software configuration management environment also an advantage. Salary: ****  ****  Benefits Location: East Midlands, Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire. Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates