Title: HR System Developer
Webindex: 67211612
Description: This is a fantastic opportunity for a person with a with significant IT System Development experience to apply their skills for Keepmoat, one of the UKs market leaders in housing solutions and community regeneration. Our company heavily relies on our internal HR system (HRNet), this is a bespoke system which has been developed to suit our needs as an organisation. The system contains vital information about a persons employment history, training and qualifications. We are aware of other companies across the UK that use this system but are not expecting applicants to have previous experience of using this, although it is preferred. As the HR Systems Developer you will report to the HR Systems Manager to help develop systems, specifically to improve efficiencies through development of HRNet. All applicants must be proficient in Microsoft Office especially Excel and Word, be able to demonstrate previous experience with hands on coding skills in Java script, posess knowledge of database principles Keep up to date with latest versions of software, undertaking training as required; Develop work packages specified by existing Project Team; Provide development of customised reports from HR.Net; Ensure all software is thoroughly tested before implementation including user acceptance testing; Ensure that adequate documentation is created using agreed structure for all applications that are to be supported by Keepmoat or by third parties on Keepmoats behalf; Ensure that user documentation and support infrastructure are adequate, and that postimplementation business processes are clearly defined and communicated; Ensure that user training is handled on a professional and timely basis; Maintain the accuracy, consistency and security of information within HR.Net. Project Management Agree and develop a structured approach to project management; Define and manage rollout program of developed software. IT Support Provide advanced support on HR.Net; Maintain a record of support calls and actions to resolve the reported issues; Follow agreed escalation procedures to resolve outstanding or persistent problems. Policies, Procedures and Standards Observe corporate policies, procedures and standards; Comply with legal requirements, including Data Protection Act. Responsibilities Undertake other workrelated tasks as agreed by the HR Systems Manager. Candidates must be able to demonstrate that they can meet the criteria above on their CV so please ensure it is up to date with the required skills before applying. We welcome applicants that have had experience across a whole project lifecycle based on the skillset above. Candidates that have previous HRNet system experience are preferred but we realise the number of applicants with this maybe limited