Title: Application Support  UNIX, BASH, Oracle  ****k
Webindex: 69044806
Company: Greythorn
Description: Application Support  UNIX, Java , Oracle, Apache  Global Media Company  Feltham  ****k A world leader at broadcasting and commercialising sport in digital media is looking for an Application Support Engineer to join their team. You will be working within the Live Technical Operations department dealing with the monitoring and analysis of the entire platform infrastructure and supporting In house developed sites and applications. Main Responsibilities: Monitoring the live platform, ensuring that support of the technical systems and applications are maintained within theSLA. Analysing server log files for fault finding for both warnings and errors from various fragments and templates that render our websites/applications. Deploying code from PreProduction to Live (Daily) Communication with 1st line support and ensuring that all relevant key stakeholders are informed of any incidents raised as a result of your monitoring. Supporting the relevant teams during their initial implementation and test phases, coordinating issue resolution with the appropriate technology teams. Handling live incidents through the correct workflow and within a fast response time. Escalating incidents to 3rd line support and Problem management and development teams where required Contribute to the team by sharing new ideas and technologies in meetings. Work closely with other developers within the department to ensure effective support is delivered. Providing support for internal teams via an email and ticketing system Daytoday investigation and analysis of development and application code deployment Producing detailed and well written support documents for internal tracking and future referencing Identifying issues and escalating problems to relevant teams when necessary. Provide 1st and 2nd line application support to internal users Undertake routine data modifications, data mining and reporting as required by internal users and customers Observe and respond as a matter of priority to alerts from the monitoring systems Undertake regular reviews of all system logs and resolve and issues identified Helping to develop and document processes within your area of work and identifying and updating existing processes as required Essential Skills: Advanced skills in UNIX commands, scripting and BASH. Awareness of core Java technologies,J2EE, Springs , Hibernate, XML Knowledge of JIRA ticketing system (or similar) Knowledge of NAGIOS monitoring tool (or similar) Knowledge of server infrastructure (Tomcat, Apache, NGINX) Knowledge about DNS Operating Systems  Linux, Solaris and WINDOWS 2007 Oracle****g DB experience, including SQL Knowledge and awareness of the following technologies: Microsoft Windows Server and desktop operating systems, Red Hat/Fedora Linux, Clusters, CDN, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft Cluster Services, Load balancers, IP, software build technologies, Must be available for outofhours and oncall support on some occasions In return my client offers excellent benefits. Application Support  UNIX, Java , Oracle, Apache  Global Media Company  Feltham  ****K This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ApplicationSupportUNIXBASHOracle****k_job****