Title: Project Manager: Manu / Installation  Birmingham
Webindex: 67889138
Description: Project Manager (Electrical / Mechanical)  Manufacture / Installation: Birmingham Are you looking for a new challenge? Do you want to drive a diverse s leading names in the Engineering Field are looking to recruit a Project Manager on a permanent basis, owing to succession planning & also business demand for 2013. Coming from either a Mechanical / Electrical Maintenance or Design background, the Project Manager should have experience of the full project lifecycle, from requirements capture all the way through to delivery and aftersales. Having previously handled contract / bid / tender management, the Project Manager should have experience of managing a product into installation and working within a client facing environment and well as experience of handling P&L / project budgets. With a programme of work comprising up to **** projects a year, the Project Manager should have experience of managing a variety of projects from 9 months through to 18 months and be able to display a flexible and agile approach to project management, as client requirements and timescales can vary dependant upon demand. Working in a client facing environment, the Project Manager should be an articulate and effective communicator, who is capable of motivating stakeholders and driving projects forward. Key tasks include:  Review of tender enquiries, customer orders, orders to subcontractors and technical documents.  Produce project specific technical data sheets for the heating system and technical support of the work packages projects. .  Negotiating with clients and sub contractors technically to complete projects and maintain good working relationships.  Issue of technical specification and orders to subcontractors.  Reviewing and approving subcontractor proposals prior to manufacture and to obtain client approval.  Review of mechanical arrangement and schematic system diagrams.  Review of control system wiring diagrams.  Production of operating manuals and end of manufacturing data dossier.  Assisting with the management of maintenance contract customers. For the successful Project Manager, a salary reflective of experience is on offer and this role is commutable from Birmingham, Walsall, Tamworth, Wolverhampton, Dudley & West Bromwich. To be considerd for this Project Engineer role, please apply via the link belowTo find out more about Huxley Associates please visit www.huxley.com