Title: Apple Mac/PC Technical Field Engineer
Webindex: 71740423
Company: Eligo Recruitment Ltd
Description: Apple Macintosh /PC Technical 2nd line and 3rd line Mac and Windows IT Field engineer. Mac and PC IT services provider  creative media and finance clients  remote and onsite technical IT support. Apple Mac OS and OS X, OS X Server, and iOS. Microsoft Windows platforms  in particular Windows XP and Windows 7, Microsoft Server platforms, Microsoft Office Versions, IT networking, switching and routing. Apple certified or Microsoft certified is ideal. You will ideally have worked for an Apple Authorised Service provider (AASP) or Microsoft Service Provider (MSP) and have handson experience of visiting clients providing Mac/PC 2nd line and 3rd line IT support as an Apple Macintosh/PC Technical Field Engineer. Experience of ConnectWise would also be beneficial. Skills needed are: Apple Mac –OS and OS X, OS X Server, and iOS, Microsoft Windows platforms  in particular Windows XP and Windows 7, Microsoft Server platforms, Microsoft Office Versions, IT networking, switching and routing, Connectivity including routers, firewalls and switches, Remote desktop and remote support software, the internals of a computer and the ability to identify and rectify a hardware fault, working knowledge of other common operating systems and software applications, the processes used in ConnectWise. My client is a progressive Mac and Multi platform IT consultancy based in Central London. With specific clients in Central London and West of London, the ideal IT Mac/PC Field Engineer will have worked for an Apple Authorised Service Provider (AASP) or Microsoft Service Provider (MSP) and be Apple certified or Microsoft certified. Apple Macintosh /Windows Field engineer  Central London IT service provider  creative media and finance clients  remote and onsite technical support. Apple Mac –OS and OS X, OS X Server, and iOS, Microsoft Windows platforms  in particular Windows XP and Windows 7, Microsoft Server platforms, Microsoft Office Versions, IT networking, switching and routing, Connectivity including routers, firewalls and switches, Remote desktop and remote support software, the internals of a computer and the ability to identify and rectify a hardware fault, working knowledge of other common operating systems and software applications, the processes used in ConnectWise. ****K per annum.