Title: Oracle /SQL Server Production DBA
Webindex: 68550390
Company: ARM
Description: ORACLE/SQL Server Production DBA 3 Month Contract ******** per day Havant, Hampshire commutable from Portsmouth, Southampton, Bournemouth, Basingstoke, Brighton, London Description: My client are large blue chip company and one of the market leaders within their industry sector. Their Database Support Team are responsible for creating and maintaining the Oracle and Microsoft SQLServer databases, administering Oracle Application Servers and Oracle Weblogic Servers which host the frontend client components such as Oracle Forms, Reports and other 3rdparty Java applications. They require an Oracle/SQL DBA to be directly involved in all of the daytoday workload of the team (as per the 'Specific Skills' section) ensuring quality of delivery and being accountable for actions taken. Contribute to incident resolution and root cause analysis as per agreed SLAs. Contribute to the production, review and maintenance of team documentation. Contribute to the timely and effective delivery of projects. Be accountable to Senior members of the team who will help you manage project deliveries. Contribute to compliance activities (including audit, DR, vulnerability/patch management, exception management). Contribute to the implementation of improvements and enhancements. Contribute to the development, documentation and maintenance of standards, strategies and processes. Provide technical support and guidance to business areas and other technical teams. Demonstrate indepth knowledge of the processes required for delivery of IT. Challenge poor process and contribute towards driving the Technical Roadmap forward. Display a sensible and methodical approach to daily tasks. Mentor and guide any junior staff. Required Technical skills: ORACLE Production : SQL plus; PL/SQL; OEM; Data Pump; Exp / IMP; Flashback; Replication; Backup / Recovery; RAC; Streams; Application Server; Application Express; Weblogic; ASM; RMAN; AWR Reports; Oracle (****g and above); Dataguard; Partitioning; Toad for Oracle; SQL loader; Korn shell scripting; PERL ORACLE Applications e Business : Installation, upgrade, configuration, patching, cloning, AD administration, forms server, report server, Apache, Jserv, XML Gateway, SYSADMIN, Diagnostics; Oracle BI (installation, administration, configuration, Discoverer Desktop); Data Masker; Config snapshot; Quest STAT; Korn shell scripting; PERL. Fusion SOA, WebLogic Middleware , SQL Server : SQL; TSQL; Management Studio; SQLCMD / OSQL / ISQL; Backup / Recovery; Resource Governor; Database Mirroring; Partitioning; Replication; SSIS; SSAS; SSRS; SQL Agent; SQL Profiler; Encryption; BCP; SQL Express