Title: Senior Software Engineer Business Intelligence (BI)
Webindex: 72248351
Company: Exposed Solutions Ltd
Description: An excellent opportunity has arisen to join our client as a Senior Software Engineer  BI. The successful candidate will develop first class business intelligence solutions in an agile product team under the leadership of the Lead Software Engineer and Project Manager, guided by the business Product Owners. Following the phenomenal success of recently televised marketing campaigns, our client has grown rapidly over the last three years to become one of the UK s leading price comparison websites. As well as insurance, our client also offers comparisons on credit cards, loans, mortgages, savings accounts and utilities. The pace is fast but fun and we guarantee that no two days will be the same Who might this role fit? You may have been performing a similar role in a forward thinking company or perhaps you have been frustrated working for a firm who talked Agile at the outset but failed to deliver on the promise  either way you will have a great track record in business intelligence software engineering and be able to talk about some elegant solutions youve delivered.It goes without saying that youll be a selfmotivated team player who relishes technical responsibility.In terms of technology youll be experienced in Object Oriented Principles, TDD, and have some experience of Agile practices (ideally XP).Youll certainly possess a strong combination of the following: Experience using and defining automated tests Experience of schema design Multiple VCS including DVCS (e.g. git) SQL Server (multiple versions including **** **** ****R**** 2012) SQL Server Analysis Services SQL Server Integration Services SQL Server Reporting Services OLAP Dimensional Design Models Data Mining Extensive TransactSQL and database queries Continuous Delivery / Integration Good environmental aptitude Network Architecture Knowledge of code and database profiling Developing complex solutions whilst maintaining the KIS approach Load testing Database Performance Tuning Techniques, especially in relation to large data volumes. What is the role of a Senior Software Engineer  BI with our client? Working in agile teams you will be developing and supporting enterprise scale business intelligence solutions.You will be delivering high quality solutions whilst learning from and supporting other members of your team. As a Senior Software Engineer BI you will assist the Lead Software Engineer in mentoring other developers and contributing to the ongoing improvement of working practices. As part of the BI team you will liaise with the business and contribute to the design, specification and analysis of BI solutions.You will be delivering high quality solutions and be responsible for providing technical leadership, innovation and problem solving. SQL Server, SQL Analysis, DVCS, Data Mining, OLAP, SQL integration, SQL Reporting, TransactSQL SQL Server, SQL Analysis, DVCS, Data Mining, OLAP, SQL integration, SQL Reporting, TransactSQL SQL Server, SQL Analysis, DVCS, Data Mining, OLAP, SQL integration, SQL Reporting, TransactSQL SQL Server, SQL Analysis, DVCS, Data Mining, OLAP, SQL integration, SQL Reporting, TransactSQL SQL Server, SQL Analysis, DVCS, Data Mining, OLAP, SQL integration, SQL Reporting, TransactSQL ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA S AND WORK PERMITS. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role.