Title: Senior Oracle Developer Team Lead  Reading
Webindex: 68628144
Company: Modis
Description: Senior Oracle Developer Team Lead  Reading My client, a major blue chip company and household brand, is urgently recruiting for an experienced Senior Oracle Developer to lead their Technical Solutions team from their offices near Reading. The Senior Oracle Developer will be responsible for the design, development, testing and implementing of technical solutions from functional change requests or project documentation. You will also create and update technical documentation as well as conduct peer, contractor and junior technical consultant code and documentation reviews. You responsibilities will also include 3rd line technical incident and problem resolution. This diverse role will require you to communicate well with a variety of stakeholders within the business including the service delivery, DBA and architecture teams. You will need to work with the onshore and offshore development teams, distributing work to both permanent and contract development resource. To be considered for this role you should have proven experience in a similar consultant or development team leader/manager position. You should have the following technical skills;  Design Knowledge of databases (Oracle)  PL/SQL  Oracle Forms/Reports  Unix (inc Shell Scripting) Any experience you have with the following technologies will strengthen your application;  Manugistics  PVCS  Java  BPEL or HTML DB  TOAD You will also need to have experience of working with offshore development teams. This is a fantastic career development opportunity for the right person that will give you longterm career progression and training opportunities. In return for your hard work you will be given a very competitive salary as well as a fantastic benefits package. This is an urgent position for the hiring manager who would like to interview and offer ASAP so please apply now. Modis is acting as an employment agency in relation to this position.