Title: Storage Support Engineer (Security Cleared to SC)
Webindex: 66386970
Company: FUJITSU   LORIEN PLC
Description: Job Title: Storage Support Engineer (Security Cleared to SC) Location: Bracknell Salary: Negotiable dependant on experience Skills required: SC, Security Clearance, EMC Symmetrix, Clariion Arrays, SAN, Windows Server, Netbackup, Clustering, Active Directory, Exchange, Storage Support About Fujitsu Fujitsu UK and Ireland is a leading IT systems, services and products company employing **** people with an annual revenue of **** billion. Its business is in enabling its customers to realise their objectives by exploiting information technology through its integrated product and service portfolio. This includes consulting, applications, systems integration, managed services and product for customers in the private and public sectors including retail, financial services, telecoms, and government, defence and consumer sectors. Storage Support Engineer (Security Cleared) This will be a permanent position to be based in Bracknell. All applicants must have current Security Clearance to SC level. You will be providing third line support for SAN Storage within all data centres on the system. These remote data centres vary in size; however they will ultimately become some of the largest deployments in the country. As a Storage Support Engineer (Security Cleared) your main responsibilities will involve: • Providing third level support for all areas of storage within all data centres on the system. Due to its size, an experienced SAN Storage Support Engineer is required to provide support for this enterprise environment. • Supporting SAN storage solutions with a particular focus in EMC Clariion and Symmetrix Storage Systems along with a good understanding of Cisco SAN Switches and other SAN hardware and software. • Being familiar with the day to day management of a large storage solution, this will include provisioning storage and monitoring the capacity and availability of the storage system. The engineer will need to be familiar with data replication both locally and remotely (offsite). • Becoming the Subject Matter Expert for storage within the solution. They will provide expert advice to other colleagues within the third line support team as well as providing assistance to other second line support teams, particularly the dedicated storage team. The engineer will maintain a good understanding of the design and provide the interface into the design teams for all areas of support. As a Storage Support Engineer (Security Cleared) your skills qualifications will include: • Current Security Clearance to SC level. • EMC Symmetrix and Clarrion Arrays. • SAN hardware including HBAs, Cisco SAN Switches etc. • EMC Control Centre Software. • Windows Server environment (**** preferred). • Replication and High Availability Solutions including EMC SRDF, MirrorView, SnapView, Timefinder and PowerPath and Veritas Volume Replicator (VVR). As a Storage Support Engineer (Security Cleared) desirable skills and qualifications could include: • Symantec (Veritas) Netbackup. • Clustering (Veritas preferred). • Microsoft Active Directory, Group Policy Objects etc. • Microsoft Exchange and Microsoft SQL Storage Requirements. • StorageTek Tape Libraries. • Direct Attached Storage and Network Attached Storage (Dell / HP). • Disk Based Backup Solutions. What we are looking for in you: Fujitsu is primarily a “People Company” and its success is built on the skills, knowledge and expertise of its people. The role requires a selfstarter with good communication skills with the ability to build and maintain relationships with customers. The successful candidate will have good communication skills, have the ability to read and review technical documentation and will have proven support experience. We will offer a comprehensive training programme within a supportive team with the opportunity to progress. The Benefits This is a unique chance to work with a global organisation who can offer a great career path and generous benefits package: • Competitive salary on application. • 25 days paid holiday. • Up to 10% pension scheme. • Up to 5% share in success bonus scheme. • Private medical care. • Training and career progression possibilities. Diversity Fujitsu is fully committed to the development of a diverse workforce. Therefore applications for employment are always fully considered, irrespective of gender, ethnic origin, race, faith, sexual orientation or parttime status. For more information and to get a detailed job specification for the role, please apply on line today or call Stacey Gillingham on **** **** **** or stacey.gillinghamlorien.co.uk. Lorien Resourcing is acting as an employment agency on behalf Fujitsu in relation to this vacancy.