Title: Technical Analyst (Network Cisco)
Webindex: 66783099
Description: Our client who is a leading household brand is currently seeking an Infrastructure Technical Analyst with a bias to Cisco networks. The Infrastructure Technical Analyst will provide extensive technical expertise and support to companies IT Infrastructure including IP Telephony, network infrastructure, Firewalls, and VPN s. The Infrastructure Technical Analyst will also provide 3rd line support to the Service Delivery Team. Infrastructure Technical Analyst Specification: Support of Global networks and communication infrastructure, including IPT systems, WAN, LAN, WLAN, WAN Acceleration, and Video Conference. Own core infrastructure upgrade projects such as rollout of IPT systems, MPLS WAN technology. Participation in process and documentation of Infrastructure improvement projects. Provide technical assistance and problem determination of the core technologies utilised within the organisation. Local Area Network (LAN)  Cisco. Wide Area Network (WAN)  MPLS / VPNs. Wireless Network (WLAN)  Cisco Firewall Infrastructure  McAfee WAN Acceleration  Juniper Video Conference Infrastructure  LifeSize / PolyCom IPT landscape  Based on AVAYA platform. Systems Administration Provide system administration for, Wide Area Network, Local Area Network, Wireless Network. IP Telephony system, thorough experience in Voice over IP. Thorough understanding of the following Networking technologies: WAN Supporting Internet Circuits / MPLS Working with Telecoms providers Juniper WAN Acceleration Experience TCP/IP LAN Addressing Public IP routing Basic IP Ports LAN Basic Cisco commands Advanced Cisco commands Cisco Switching and Routing Cisco Wireless Network VLAN implementation Firewalls Firewall Experience Sonicwall Experience McAfee Enterprise VPN VPN Experience Sonicwall Experience Video Conference LifeSize Infrastructure PolyCom Infrastructure Hardware experience, including: Cisco Switch and Router Experience Cisco Wireless Network Experience Exposure to VOIP Solutions CCNA Qualified MCSE Qualified If you have the skills and experience desired by my client, please send me your CV in the first instance and I will then call you to discuss the client and the opportunity. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business