Title: Middleweight Application Support  Market Data / Clearing
Webindex: 67404016
Company: Altmore IT Recruitment
Description: Middleweight Application Support  Market Data / Clearing I am leading an urgent search for an experienced Application Support professional with excellent communication skills and character to handle demanding customers to support electronic trading applications in QA and development environments for the world's largest derivatives marketplace, who have recently opened an operation in Belfast with big growth plans. This is a technical role with headroom to learn and grow. This position will include application deployment, configuration, troubleshooting and development of standards across the organization. You'll take pride in providing a quality and timely application support service with fantastic communication skills. Monday  Friday 8am  5pm is the norm. This is a second level application support and system administration role. A robust understanding of Unix or Linux OS to include command line scripting is important. Any exposure to third party applications like Tomcat, MQ or Weblogic servers will be useful. This role is part of a business critical team supporting **** internal trading applications handling market data and clearing regulation. These apps are mainly Java based. There are significant growth plans for this operation in Belfast and also for this team in Belfast over the next 12 months. This position has several facets to it:  support of applications and deployment of patches / code / updates  project work on longer term business goals  business and environment maintainance and continuity work In this role you'll be depended on to work across different departments to bring standards to the organization in deployments, builds and surrounding tools, supporting existing development/QA platforms and interfaces with users to determine where improvements or enhancements are needed to better serve their needs. In addition you will:  Assist with electronic trading engine deployment, configuration and support to facilitate global deployable trading engine initiatives to facilitate integration testing with partners  Monitor system utilization and recommend environmental enhancements or modifications as needed  Create and maintain technical document on all tools developed using enterprise standards.  Lead testing environment problem resolution or identify process improvement efforts. Troubleshoot and resolve environment related issues assigned from defect tracking system.  Facilitate Enterprise standards for deployments and builds. Define and document deployment/configuration processes  Interact with multiple IT groups to review environment change request, prepare application deployment documents/check list.  Reengineering and updating of deployment methodologies in QA. Introduce new deployment jobs and knowledge documents for daily reference  Introduce new tools to manage databases and tune the performance to support various applications. To succeed you'll have good handson experience in direct support of applications running on Unix or Linux, or infrastructure support with some scripting skills in another domain. For an initial discussion in complete confidence, or to find out how else you might fit in, please drop me an email to stuart dot millar at altmore dot co dot uk, send your CV via this site, or connect with me on LinkedIn.