Title: IT / Technology Trainee Recruitment Consultant  Cheltenham
Webindex: 72691776
Company: Datasource Computer Employment Ltd
Description: Job Role: IT / Technology Trainee Recruitment Consultant Location: Cheltenham Duration: Permanent Rate: ****  ****K depending on experience IT / Technology Trainee Recruitment Consultant Cheltenham, Gloucestershire  Permanent Are you working in or educated in an IT / Technology industry but now feeling that you would like a change in direction and be able to utilise and build on your IT skills in a people facing role? Due to further expansion success with new client wins Datasource are looking for IT / Technology professionals to join our established team and use their IT people skills in a recruitment environment. Datasource is leading UK recruitment specialist and recognised industry leader who promotes the highest level of technical understanding and customer service, providing Contract and Permanent IT staffing solutions. Established in 1981 the company is built on a wealth of knowledge and experience gained over 30 years of staffing some of the most important high profile projects of our blue chip client base. As a team player with a cando attitude, your role will focus on candidate attraction and selection, client development and relationship building. You will be a selfconfident individual who is ambitious and focussed in their approach, and be able to demonstrate an outgoing personality suited to recruitment. We are keen to talk to high achieving individuals who are hungry and driven to succeed. Key Responsibilities  Have a good background in IT / Technology  Identify, approach, and ultimately represent IT candidates for niche technical roles.  Manage our internal database and ensure notes/communication are up to date and accurately entered.  Assess candidates, establishing areas of expertise.  Expand your knowledge of the IT market.  Able to cope with pressure  Be a people person keen to use your IT skills in a people facing role  Have good organisational skills Desirable Skills  Proactive approach.  Time management and prioritisation.  High level of attention to detail.  Target and sales orientated.  Confident and outgoing personality.  Ideally a good standard of office administration skills  Computing skills including Word, Excel, Outlook etc  Excellent oral and written communication skills  Pleasant and effective telephone manner  Excellent time management skills You can expect a fun, friendly but professional working environment where your input will have a direct impact into the on going success of our business. Please forward your CV to apply by email to Stuart McLeod at . We would be delighted to hear from you