Title: MS BI Developers MS Report Developers  SSAS / SSRS / SQL
Webindex: 68346948
Company: Head Office
Description: MS / Microsoft BI Developers MS BI Report Developers required with proven experience of some of SSAS OLAP cubes, SSRS, TSQL (queries, stored procedures, creating indexes, partitions) and SQL Server 2005/****/ ****R2, MDX and creating MDX driven SSRS reports, SSRS reports including (matrix reports, parameters from scratch and to deploy them are required by blue chip in St Albans Hertfordshire. Other Desirable skills include Knowledge / Experience of Power Pivot, PerformancePoint, RB3, MDX, SharePoint will be a nice to have. Knowledge / Experience of the complete Microsoft BI Stack will be a plus. Key Elements of the role include Utilize Analysis Services (SSAS/MDX) to design and develop multidimensional models, including the construction of Data View, Dimensions, and, Cubes and MDX queries while adhering to enforced best practice development methodologies. Design and develop high quality, accurate SSRS reports with a clear presentation layer to enable simple business decision making and metric tracking. Analyse data quality issues and ensure data correctness endtoend in the cube development and report generation process. Perform Unit testing of code / reports and highlight issues with data / design as applicable. Quickly learn the business logic and be ready to adapt to changes in this area. Proactive approach taking the wider business impact into consideration when designing and developing. Execute quick turnaround of change to data layers to support selfservice portal and report development Work closely with other teams and demonstrate a good teamworking attitude. Elicitation and capture of detailed reporting requirements and validation through prototype generation for client agreement Proactive support of the business need, identifying and shaping processes as required by business Set stakeholder expectations and ensure relevance of communication across multiple stakeholder groups Support the management of service contracts within business area using relevant reporting to track against these This is an outstanding chance to further you career within a large world leading company working on strategic Business Intelligence projects. The offices are located centrally and close to St Albans Station. Opus Resourcing acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent positions.