Title: Technical Sales Advisor
Webindex: 69018802
Company: recruitx Limited
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Technical Sales Advisor based in Cambridgeshire to join an expanding company offering a salary of ****  **** per annum dependent upon experience with opportunity for bonuses. The company is a rapidly expanding manufacturer of bespoke glazing solutions. Formed in **** they quickly identified a gap in the market for a company with an improved product, informative sales approach and sensible pricing structure. This has certainly proved to be true with year on year growth and continuously high demand for our products. As a Technical Sales Advisor your duties will include: Taking calls from prospective clients. Facetoface client contact at our head office and at exhibitions. Providing quotations using our estimating system. Providing technical details and information for our clients. General administrative tasks. Meeting a monthly sales target. An ideal Technical Sales Advisor will hold the following skills and experiences: Be fully computer literate. Be motivated and willing to meet targets. Have a personable telephone manner. Have good administrative skills with knowledge of MS Word, Excel and Outlook. Be familiar with architect s drawings. Have at least a grade C GCSE in Maths and English or equivalent. Be happy to work as part of a team or individually. Want to progress within a successful company. Be willing to work some weekends. Be required to help with site surveys periodically. Experience / knowledge within the building trade or a technical background would be an advantage. Full training will be provided. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website