Title: Technical Customer Services Engineer
Webindex: 69794934
Company: CVbrowser
Description: We're currently looking to source a candidate with a sound electrical background and experience within a technical support role to operate as a Technical Customer Services Engineer / Product Support Engineer for a well established and expanding electrical products manufacturer and distributor. This company has gone from strength to strength within the electrical accessories sector and has been operating for over 50 years. This is an excellent opportunity for an individual that enjoys a technical challenge and wants to be seen as a specialist in their field, through the provision of both overthephone advice, but also face to face during client meetings, presentations and exhibitions. As Technical Customer Services Engineer / Product Support Engineer, the successful candidate will be required to meet the following functions and responsibilities: Answer and resolve customer queries on the Technical Helpline, including fault finding over the telephone Log and resolve customer technical/product complaints, recording actions and outcome Investigate product problems and report findings in ways understood by technical and nontechnical customers (both internal and external) Assist in Goods Inwards Inspections and manage technical databases and records Skills Required: Able to identify product features and benefits, and convey them to technical and nontechnical customers Write product reports which accurately conveys conclusions to technical and nontechnical recipients Ability to take in detailed knowledge of product and literature in a rapid timeframe Knowledge of product application and able to offer alternative products Knowledge of electrical installation in domestic, commercial and industrial premises is an advantage Knowledge of Wiring Regulations (17th Edition) is an advantage Personal Attributes: Methodical, organised and able to work unsupervised using own initiative Excellent verbal (good telephone manner essential) and written communication skills Disciplined approach to problem solving, able to question effectively **** reasons why someone else will get this job instead of you: 1. They'll call N/A to tell me why they are suitable. **** They'll write a covering email in response today specifically highlighting their relevant experience. **** They know that working with GRPS Recruitment will considerably increase their chances of success and facilitate access to employers they may not otherwise reach. What are you waiting for? In the first instance please contact Chris Errington on N/A or N/A now for a confidential career discussion. Alternatively forward a current CV to chris N/A .com. GPRS Recruitment whose registered address is The Bankhouse Stafford ST**** ****JU UK confirm that our client has instructed us that the position advertised herein is of a permanent nature. All applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK and or the territory/location specified. Unfortunately we will not be able to enter into discussions or offer assistance regarding sponsorship. Due to high volumes of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. Accordingly if we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful.