Title: Planner  PMO
Webindex: 66497566
Company: Harvey Nash
Description: Planner  PMO Project Management Office ******** per annum My client, a leading financial services firm are actively looking to recruit a Planner working within their PMO function to provide dedicated planning and project management capability within the Programme Management team and within individual work strands. Role deliverables The successful candidate will have responsibility for the following deliverables and activities: To translate work streamlevel strategy and views into detailed and comprehensive Microsoft Project plans that meet programme standards. To ensure planning concepts and plans are well understood and communicated. Presentation and briefing products that maximises stakeholder understanding, awareness and buy in will be required. The ability to present and explain plans, rationale, project concepts and disciplines to nonplanning and project speciaists is also essential. To effectively build relationships and engage with stakeholders to ensure plans are consistent with and reflect wider programme planning assumptions and constraints, including cross and internal strand dependencies. To project manage plans at a task level on behalf of the Project Management office and associated work strand leaders by monitoring, managing delivery of activities and reporting progress against the plan. Reporting deviation, delay, issues and risks at a strand level, and escalating as appropriate to the programme level. Contributing to the development of mitigation actions to ensure key deliverables and milestones are met. You will need demonstrable experience in the following: The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following experience: It is essential candidates can demonstrate high levels of enthusiasm and a willingness to get involved in the job of planning and delivering this complex programme of work. Being able to demonstrate specific examples of organisation and team playing would be an advantage. Most importantly is a willingness to get involved in planning, organising and tracking work, at the coal face. Experience of working in a structured, business project management environment. Comfortable working at senior management level and able to work successfully with a wide range of stakeholders. Experience of influencing delivery in a large team environment Financial services background If you feel suitable please apply.