Title: Linux Systems and Application Administrator
Webindex: 72678592
Company: Think IT Reruitment Ltd
Description: Job Title: Linux  Systems and Applications Administrator Summary: Our client, who are a leading technology company based in Central London are currently looking to resource the skills of a Senior Linux Engineer who will be working on both Systems and Applications. The role pays a basic salary of (upto) **** per annum coupled with a competitive benefits package. Key words: Linux, Red Hat, Sun Solaris, Windows, HyperV, VMware, Citrix, Xen Apps, Xen Server, City, London, Applications Job Role: Responsible for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems hardware and software and ensuring their performance, availability and security. Reporting to the Technology Service Delivery Director and working alongside other system administrators; database administrators and developers on integration, implementation, development and support projects. Responsibilities:  Ensures that system hardware, operating systems, software systems, and related procedures adhere to organizational values, enabling staff, volunteers, and Partners to function effectively.  Participates in technical research and development to enable continuing innovation within the infrastructure  Assist project teams with technical issues in the Initiation and Planning phases of our standard Project Management Methodology. These activities include the definition of needs, benefits, and technical strategy; research development within the project lifecycle; technical analysis and design; and support of operations staff in executing, testing and rollingout the solutions  Participation on projects is focused on smoothing the transition of systems from conception through development and in to support within the project lifecycle.  Ensure seamless integration between the network service department and the development teams for implementation and configuration of new systems and the maintenance and support of existing systems.  This individual is accountable for the following systems: Linux and Windows systems that support the IS infrastructure; Linux, operations and support, maintenance and research and development to ensure continual innovation.  To interact closely with system administrators, network engineers and technical leads in fulfilment of responsibilities.  Produce and maintain documentation describing the system such that the documentation reflects hardware and software specifications, configuration and functionality within the system.  Ensure the technical documentation related to systems, the data centre and system administration are available and kept up to date according to industry standards.  To adhere to company designated standards and best practise. To communicate clearly and effectively with management and other departments within the organisation as directed to enable visibility and understanding of the work being carried out  To keep up to date with the technologies required to perform well in the job Required Experience:  Graduate in IT or computing related degree  Overall a minimum **** year (enterprise) system administration  In depth System and Solution Administration Experience  Experience of managing multiple large systems  Experience in monitoring and tuning systems to provide optimum performance and high availability  Experience in managing internal and external system security  Industry Experience of:  Microsoft Operating Systems  Linux Operating Systems  Hypervisors: Microsoft HyperV, VMWare and Citrix Xen Server  System scripting  Subversion (source code control) Soft Skills  Excellent interpersonal skills  Excellent written communication skills  Strong customer and commercial awareness  Team Player For more information, including a full job specification, please forward your CV in the first instance. ThinkIT Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this role under UK Government regulations CEAEBR ****