Title: Lead Strategy Analyst/Manager  Data  B****C
Webindex: 72373008
Company: La Fosse Associates Limited
Description: Lead Strategy Analyst/Manager  Data Lead Strategy Analyst/Manager with data analytics, business analysis and stakeholder management within a B2C environment is required to join a highgrowth Technology business based in Central London. The Lead Strategy Analyst will be opening a new area for the business, responsible for identifying and understanding key metrics that will help growth by coming up with breakthrough ideas to improve the consumer experience through better use of data. Background The Lead Strategy Analyst will come from a Business Analyst background but have exposure to more than gathering requirements. They will have worked with a company to help with their actual commercial strategy through excellent use of communication and robust technical skills around data. They will understand data inside out and back to front, preferably demonstrated through some kind of mathematics or numerical degree coupled commercial experience in Business Intelligence or analytics. This person will have solid experience in a B2C preferably Online/Webbased business. Ideally they will have management experience (this position involves management of one Analyst) although this is not mandatory. This person will be handson as well as dealing with C level stakeholders so they must be the type of person to value a flat structure. Technical skills: SQL Server, Google Analytics and Hitwise (or another tool). Responsibilities Dig deep to identify and understand the metrics that will help grow the acquisition and retention of individual users, in the UK and internationally, working with the team and external partners where necessary Lead by example in data gathering, mining and visualization to help the business and product teams make better decisions and create effective datadriven products Coach and mentor one junior analyst (currently focusing on B2B data) Maintain and grow a scalable platform for compiling, reviewing and distributing metrics around the business, and ensuring they are used effectively Track ongoing business activity (including competitive analysis) and provide clear, compelling management reporting on a regular basis Help product and business teams appraise new investment opportunities and assess the effectiveness of ongoing investments, (eg in product and marketing) Provide guidance, counsel, training and quality assurance to our leadership team and other stakeholders with insights into ways to address business needs and creative solutions for business and technology problems Come up with breakthrough ideas to improve the consumer experience and grow revenues, and ask tough questions to the wider teams This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a highcalibre organisation who are servicing the Charity sector (although not a Charity themselves). It is a different proposition for an extremely bright individual to really add value. Please apply Online or email.