Title: PHP Programmer  MySQL IOS CSS
Webindex: 71681169
Company: Pearson Whiffin Affinity
Description: An exciting opportunity has become available for a talented PHP Programmer to join my clients ECommerce Development team. My client will give you the opportunity to deliver innovative and cutting edge frontend and backend developments for the online industry. You will have demonstrated solid PHP programming experience with a strong focus on retail / ecommerce / transactional websites and mobile technology. You will have excellent PHP, HTML/CSS/Javascript, and Object Oriented programming skills as well as extensive experience in Android, Apple IOS and Windows 8 tablets and other mobile devices. You will be flexible in your approach to the role and will have the ability to complete multiple tasks to challenging deadlines. You will have the communications skills to collaborate with Designers, Project Managers, other Programmers, Test Analysts and Business Analysts to ensure projects are delivered on time to the highest quality. You must have 2 years of relevant commercial experience. Solution Development and Delivery  Designs and codes technical solutions using Object Oriented Programming.  Demonstrable track record of developing dynamic websites using PHP  Strong HTML skills, including CSS and scripting  In depth knowledge and experience of writing applications for Android, Apple IOS and Windows 8 tablets and other mobile devices  Relational database skills, with experience of MySQL  Easily recognizes system deficiencies and implements effective solutions  Participates in the systems development lifecycle  Participates in the testing of systems being developed  Works effectively in a team  Seeks and participates in development opportunities above and beyond required training  Suggests areas for improvement in internal processes along with possible solutions Project Execution  Ability to complete multiple tasks to challenging deadlines  Flexible in approach to the role  Reports progress, issues, risks to Management Team Desirable skills/ experience include:  Facebook  JQuery  Smarty  Apache  AJAX  UML  SOAP/REST  Experience of at least one payment gateway Automated unit testing  Version control (subversion)  Issue management tools (JIRA)  Linux  Agile methodology Leadership  Generates enthusiasm among team members.  Proactively seeks opportunities to improve processes, procedures etc  Mentors those with less experience through informal channels  Facilitates effective and positive team interaction Personal qualities  Has a 'Can Do' attitude  Enthusiastic  Excellent problemsolving ability This is a great opportunity for an ambitious PHP programmer with a genuine love of technology to join a growing team. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PHPProgrammerMySQLIOSCSS_job****