Title: IT Technician  Internal Services [Enhanced CRB required]
Webindex: 62006892
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: IT Technician  Internal Services[Enhanced CRB required] Reference no: Cardiff **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: CF**** **** What s involved with this role: To work in Schools IT Support Service as directed by the Principal IT Consultant. To assist in the provision of an IT support service to the schools of Cardiff. To provide support and maintenance of schools IT systems, which will include troubleshooting and management of faults. To install, configure and upgrade software associated with schools IT systems. To assist with the install, configure, upgrade and maintenance of schools IT networks. To undertake repair and maintenance for PCs, networked servers and other peripheral ICT equipment (printers, interactive whiteboards, projectors) in use at schools. To provide assistance and support to Senior IT staff on the installation and use of network hardware and software in schools. To work with Senior IT staff in maintenance and rollout programmes for software specifically associated with the SIMS portfolio in schools. To record timely and accurate information within ICT s Helpdesk system. To liaise directly with manufacturers and suppliers. To forward items to manufacturers for repair and maintenance. To provide assistance with the storing of PCs and other peripheral parts. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Formal IT related academic qualification or equivalent Minimum of 12 months recent experience as an IT technician, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Knowledge of IT networking and network operating systems Proven experience of software installation procedures Proven experience working with and an understanding of Database principles Able to install and configure software packages and advise on their operation Able to troubleshoot and manage faults Full Driving Licence use of a car Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Internal Services/ICT/Support Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 3 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited