Title: Data Network Systems Officer
Webindex: 68095668
Company: Adecco Group
Description: The ideal candidate will have worked in third line server support and be ready to move on to a role managing and designing systems. They will be very experienced in Windows Server and Microsoft Enterprise technologies like Active Directory. They will be at the level where they have been involved in the design of these types of system as well as supported them. They may be looking for an opportunity to move their career to the next level, towards more of a strategic, architect or management level. Essential Technologies: Windows Server **** and up Active Directory and Group Policy Server and Desktop Virtualisation (pref. VMWare) Enterprise Storage (SAN, NAS, especially EMC) Desirable Technologies: Microsoft System Centre (SCCM and SCOM), Exchange, IIS, Sharepoint, SQL, AppV, Lync, FIM Microsoft clustering and network load balancing Citrix / Terminal Services Windows 7 deployment. HP Server Hardware (especially Proliant Blades) Additional Skills Experience ITIL (especially Capacity, Availability and Change Management) Communication (incl written reports and communicating technical information to a nontechnical audience) Ability to take on and lead specific packages of work under own initiative. What our client offers: An opportunity to work at the Strategy and Design level with a wide range of technologies at an Enterprise level, in a prestigious environment where the technology really matters. Being an Emergency Service our IT underpins the critical services we deliver to the people of Devon Cornwall. The person we need will be working in a small team employed by the Force that is responsible for our IT Infrastructure. The role is NOT a handson support role but will be helping define and implement the strategy for our IT infrastructure (that is outsourced). It will be involved in designing major IT Infrastructure systems such as AD, SCCM, SQL etc. It offers the opportunity to work directly with major IT suppliers like Microsoft, VMWare, EMC, HP, Dell, RIM as well as working in partnership with the outsource suppliers. The IT infrastructure you will be working with is Enterprise scale with over **** servers and provides absolutely critical services to frontline Police Officers. We have long standing ITIL processes to make sure the services we provide are highly available and robust to meet the needs of our users, ****x7x**** The data our systems hold can be highly sensitive and this role offers the opportunity to work in a high security environment making sure we keep our systems and data safe. The role is initially for 6 months. Adecco is a recruitment agency. Adecco are an equal opportunities employer. Adecco is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DataNetworkSystemsOfficer_job****