Title: New Acquisitions Sales Executive
Webindex: 66907909
Company: KBC Associates Ltd
Description: Overview of role The New Acquisition Sales Executive will manage the sale of Managed Hosting products to prospects that call or email with requests for more information. This position is one of the first touch points to a potential customer and it is your responsibility to take the information provided, craft a solution and manage the client. Responsibilities Key duties  Generates new business through prospecting and selfgenerated leads.  Recommends solutions to meet customer needs.  Retains knowledge of products and services to successfully present and upsale.  Reviews special projects and implements services and products within budgetary constraints without depleting customer expectations.  Provides guided facility tours and effectively presents company and network infrastructure to clients.  Extremely responsive to all client telephone calls and emails.  Monitor CRM, forecasting Opportunity Pipeline for accuracy.  Schedule events, call backs and followups and continue communications as organised and managed.  Meet/Exceed monthly individual sales goals.  Represents the company in a professional manner.  Participate in marketing events such as trade shows and seminars events.  Prepare presentations, proposals and sales contracts. Strategic duties  Work closely with the colleagues, Business Development Consultants and key stakeholders to discover opportunities and begin sales activities for new accounts.  Strive for building long term relationships with customers and create repeat business. Personnel Specification Job specific  Have knowledge of professional sales process.  Proven ability to attain monthly sales quota  Have the ability to get through gatekeepers.  Ability to face rejection  A technical aptitude, attention to detail, customer followup skills  Strong presentation, written and verbal communication skills.  Possesses superior followup skills with the ability to respond under pressure.  A minimum of 2  4 years Rock Star installed base business sales experience incorporating value/service selling.  Experience selling complex technical solutions  Experience of strategic selling at Executive and Board Level.  B2B Sales experience.  Must be able to generate and qualify excellent customer opportunities.  Goal oriented with a superior work ethic.  Sales experience in a technology related industry preferred.  Strong presentation, written and verbal communication skills Person specific  Effectively communicate over the phone, through email, and facetoface.  You will be required to be selfmotivated, with an ambitious attitude.  Effective time management skills  Possess superior negotiation skills  Have proven territory / vertical market sales development skills.  Entrepreneurial spirit.  Effective listening skills.  Have market knowledge and is able to think strategically.  Working in a matrix management arrangement with other staff  Ideally live within easy travelling distance of Southampton