Title: Change and Release Manager
Webindex: 69018325
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Change and Release Manager Newcastle Competitive salary Our client already has a multibillion pound turnover and marketleading divisions in professional services, construction, support services and infrastructure investments  and determined to become a truly worldclass business. They will achieve this not only via organic growth in our operating companies but by exploiting unique integrated capabilities to the full. That s where you come in. Their Customer Service Centre in Newcastle pools knowledge and expertise across the Group, whilst increasing standardisation, realising efficiency savings and generating substantial revenues through delivering shared services to internal and external customers. Their next objective is to create an IT Shared Services organisation to deliver commodity IT services to **** users across the UK Operating companies. Requirements  To ensure that all changes are recorded, evaluated, authorised, prioritised, planned, tested, implemented, documented and reviewed in a controlled manner  To define, apply and continuously improve the change management policies and procedures, in line with industry best practice frameworks (e.g. ITIL): o Leads the assessment, analysis, development, documentation and implementation of changes based on requests for change o Evaluates risks to integrity of infrastructure inherent in proposed implementations  To define, apply and continuously improves the release management policies and procedures, in line with industry best practice frameworks (e.g. ITIL): o Leads the assessment, analysis, planning and design of release packages, including assessment of risk o Liaises with Business and projects on change and release scheduling and communication of progress  To conduct post change / release reviews Experience  Track record of successfully setting up and leading a change and release management and function  Experience of identifying and embedding industry best practice into current ways of working  Proven ability to make customer oriented decisions  Strong commercial focus and awareness  Proven experience of motivating and inspiring a team to perform  Comfortable to challenge and be challenged and manage conflict  Focused on achieving results  Experience of managing ambiguity and undertaking forward planning  Experience of working with third party vendors Good interpersonal skills that enable working relationships to be developed at all levels across the business and within ITSS Advantage xPO is in the top 1% of staffing companies in the world. With a truly global footprint. Advantage xPO specialises in recruitment outsourcing. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Advantage xPO: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work