Title: Business Analyst Agile Digital/eCommerce up to ****k  Ben
Webindex: 71277592
Company: The People Network
Description: Business Analyst – Agile – Digital/eCommerce – up to ****k  Benefits Business Analyst with strong experience of working on the agile delivery of large digital, web or eCommerce projects required by leading consultancy This fantastic Business Analyst role will see you join a talented team specialising in the use of leading edge technologies, forward looking platforms and agile delivery processes to develop business solutions for large private and public sector organisations. You will work across the entire lifecycle of projects and will be responsible for identifying, gathering, analysing and communicating business requirements to ensure that a highquality solution can be developed, built and delivered which is fit for the client’s business purpose. You will become the focal point for the delivery team in understanding the business needs and will act as the point of contact for business stakeholders, communicating what is being delivered and how they can get the best value from it. You will work closely with the project team, help define technical solutions and customer journeys and contribute to the creation of best practice. To be considered for this fantastic Business Analyst role you must have a proven track record of working on a minimum of **** or more development and delivery projects and will possess the following skills: • Strong experience of Agile or Iterative development methodologies (RUP, Scrum, XP, DSDM) • Experience in a variety of requirement gathering techniques (interviews, workshops, prototyping, etc) • Experience of Agile documentation including Backlogs, Customer Journeys, Use Cases, User Stories, Acceptance Criteria etc • Skills in Business Process Modelling • Ability to analyse both functional and nonfunctional requirements • Strong stakeholder management and influencing skills • Ability to work well as part of a large, geographically dispersed teams • Experience in **** or more business domains, preferably digital, ecommerce, media, etc. Skills in Object Oriented Analysis and Design using UML are highly desirable as are user interface design / modelling skills. An ISEB qualification in Business Analysis would give you an edge and previous consulting experience within a major consultancy or systems integrator is preferred but not essential. Based out of offices in London but with full flexibility to travel required, this world class consultancy can offer a hugely varied, challenging Business Analyst role where you will gain exposure to leading clients and work with the latest digital, eCommerce and web technologies. An excellent salary of ****k****k plus benefits including pension, private health and life insurance is on offer to the successful candidate. With a strong pipeline of projects this is a great time to be joining. If you are a Business Analyst with agile skills and strong digital, web or eCommerce experience apply now The People Network is working as an employment agency for this vacancy.