Title: Enterprise Architect  Oracle / CRM / Billing
Webindex: 71524533
Description: IT Solution Enterprise Architect  Nottingham / Home based  FTSE 100 client. Salary negotiable dependant on experience, plus bonus and benefits. Major corporate company based in the Nottingham area is currently looking to recruit a credible IT Solution Enterprise Architect. This innovative client is a global market leader in their field and has an impressive portfolio of clients. As a leading Enterprise Architect SME, you will be responsible for the designing and implementing of the architecture strategy and a range of complex solutions. Additionally, this role will be a part of the Global team based in the UK, and will involve working with that team to design and implement the client s future state to ensure they deliver against an ambitious evolution plan. Key responsibilities Architectural strategy design and implementation working closely with the UK business analysis, development and test teams as well as the client s counterparts around the globe. Develops and maintains architect models and roadmaps for the implementation of the strategy, taking advantage of opportunities to improve business performance. Working in parts of the lower detail stages getting involved in proof of concept, volumetric and performance reviews. Solution governance and troubleshooting Leading the design and solution of high level mission critical solutions throughout the full lifecycle through to golive Ensures Compliance between business strategies, enterprise transformation activities and technology directions, setting strategies, policies, standards and practices. Job Requirements and Qualifications Background of enterprise architecture in global organizations with complex / diverse systems encompassing CRM, Billing, ERP, MDM, and BI/Datawarehouse. Exposure to Oracle EBusiness Suite Proficient in architecture modelling techniques; conceptual frameworks to engage with business stakeholders, as well as, architecture models to guide technical solution designs Capable of creating and leading programs to develop and enhance existing architecture as well as creating future architecture strategy To be based in Nottingham **** 3 days per week. CTIP/ TOGAF qualified This is a unique opening for a highly motivated Global Solution Architecture who is seeking an opportunity to develop their career within a blue chip FTSE 100 organisation. Salaries for this position are extremely competitive and include an excellent corporate benefits package. For more information about this role please send your uptodate CV to the below contact details: Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. 