Title: QA Lead Quality Assurance Standards, quality methodologies, Mi
Webindex: 71760559
Company: ComputAppoint
Description: QA Lead  Quality Assurance Standards, quality methodologies, Microsoft Office Skills: QA Lead, Quality Assurance Standards, quality methodologies, Microsoft Office, analytical skills, Quality Culture Permanent Eastleigh ****k A market leader in its field are seeking a QA Lead to be responsible leading and managing the Quality Assurance Team. The QA Lead will have excellent experience of setting Quality Assurance Standards, Total Quality management and other continuous improvement and quality methodologies. You will be educated to degree level and will have strong skills in Microsoft Office. The successful QA Lead will have proven exposure to large transformational programme implementation and will have good working experience of leading others and setting clear objectives. Key Skills: A degree or equivalent or at least educated to A level standard with adequate experience Excellent Team Lead experience Proven experience of setting Quality Assurance Standards, Total Quality management, Lean, SixSigma and/or other continuous improvement and quality methodologies. Experience of design and development of internal quality assurance standards and best practice Experience of implementing a 'Quality Culture' within an organisation Good understanding of project management methodology Strong analytical skills to ensure learning's are correctly captured and carried forward Strong skills in MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word), MS Project and Visio Exposure to large transformational programme implementation The QA Lead will engage with and lead all key projects at the appropriate project stages to ensure quality is built in from the start. You will have the opportunity to gain exposure to various business areas and learn new skills from more senior members of the team while working in a technically challenging role. This is an excellent prospect for somebody seeking a career within an enterprising company. Skills: QA Lead, Quality Assurance Standards, quality methodologies, Microsoft Office, analytical skills, Quality Culture Permanent Eastleigh ****k If you feel you have the suitable skills, please do not hesitate to apply ASAP (Or get intouch if you have any queries). Computappoint is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/QALeadQualityAssuranceStandardsqualitymethodologiesMi_job****