Title: Problem Functionality Manager
Webindex: 72449036
Company: Computer People
Description: My Warwickshire based client has a requirement for an experienced Problem Manager to join them as a Problem Functional Manager. This is a key role within our clients business that will see you responsible for the management of an established team of problem managers as well as overseeing the future growth of this team. The candidate we are seeking for this role will maintain a hands on approach and be directly involved in all areas of problem management whilst guiding and managing the existing team. Key responsibilities will include, Team management, including people development appraisals Facilitates the postrecovery review of major service issues, ensures senior management escalations are completed and coordinates root cause eradication. Ensures that all major service issues are followed up and driven to their logical conclusion. Ensures that availability metrics and reports are accurate and published in a timely manner Functional owner of Problem Management Knowledge Management process, policies and tool set. Uses problem and knowledge metrics to drive service improvement activity. Allocates staff resource to Problem Management tasks and ensures Problem Management Knowledge Management queues are monitored and progressed. Provides expert process and tool advice/support to team and users and proactively drives continuous process and tool improvement activities Develops standard reporting and metrics to meet the needs of users and business stakeholders Coordinates, controls and performs post recovery/major crises reviews Continuously develops and improves the problem and knowledge management processes to enhance service quality. Preferred Skills Experience Proven leadership people management skills/experience is essential. Proven experience developing and managing ITIL processes  especially Problem Management, is essential. Proven experience developing and managing process metrics is essential. Should have implemented and developed Problem Management in at least one organisation. A strong service management background is essential, preferably in Incident Management roles and technical support roles. The ability to work under pressure, be assertive, innovative and motivate staff is essential. Candidates should have a proven record of prioritisation and the ability to deal effectively with escalations. Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) and the ability to deal with customers and managers at all levels are essential  especially exec level. Proven ability to work towards strict deadlines, manage own workload and work as part of team is essential, as is a questioning mind and the ability to challenge situations. A good understanding of ITIL and PRINCE**** best practice is highly desirable  practitioner level This is a permanent opportunity, package will be to **** plus benefits package. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProblemFunctionalityManager_job****