Title: Data Manager  MS SQL Server, datasets, database design, SSRS, SSAS
Webindex: 69159836
Company: Alexander Jack
Description: SQL DATA MANAGER  HEALTH DATASETS Our client is a leading global group who provide a diverse range of healthcare products and services that improve patient care. Very profitable, they provide a wide range of business intelligence, clinical decision support, learning and evidence led solutions into the private/public medical sectors, government health ministries and direct to health professionals/consumers. This is a new venture for the company to specifically provide clinical information solutions aimed at clinicians in order to improve care outcomes; as such you will have the opportunity to get in at the start of this exciting business and really help shape its future. The company will focus on providing these solutions into the secondary care areas, they aim to build on the already excellent relationships they enjoy with the general health sector; this will be a highly visible role within the group as a whole due to the start up nature of this team. Sitting within a small multidisciplinary team you will have the opportunity to help shape the direction of the team, being actively involved in all data management aspects of the projects. You will choose appropriate data management techniques for each task and implement new technology when required. Engaging with clients on the phone to understand requirements, you will also work closely with other colleagues within the larger Group as a whole so solid communication skills is required. ROLE The creation and ongoing management of databases of medical information, including database design, creation and management of data processing routines. Assisting external medical organisations by carrying out analyses of medical information, primarily ensuring that large volumes of data can be processed effectively. Make local data accessible to clients in a secure environment. Assist with the design/implementation of new data products which are aimed at making medical information more useful to medical staff; ensuring data is made available efficiently. PERSON Proven handson experience of a data management role is required, it is vital that you have designed appropriate database structures, imported new datasets and created ongoing maintenance routines. Experience of a green field project would be an advantage. Candidate will have a strong understanding of a Microsoft SQL Server environment (up to 2012 ideally) with good exposure to a variety of BI tools. Experience of analysing data in a volume environment with the ability to process volumes of data efficiently and integrate data with applications. Experience of working with external clients would help, as would being certified in MS SQL server, however the ability to use your initiative in choosing the most appropriate data management techniques is key.