Title: Web Front End Developer  Javascript CSS DOM AJAX
Webindex: 68703339
Company: Burns Sheehan
Description: Web Front End Developer  Greenfield Project  JavaScript Jquery CSS DOM AJAX Leading consultancy looking for a Front End Web Developer to start immediately on an exciting Greenfield project based in Glasgow which will deliver a mission critical tool for an Investment Bank using leading edge technologies including mobile platforms. JavaScript Jquery CSS DOM AJAX Core Responsibilities: Working as part of the team to create a best in class UI from initial design to implementation. You will bring together an excellent understanding of current web development, efficient JavaScript and advanced CSS skills. You must have an excellent understanding of DOM manipulation with libraries such as jQuery. Experience of developing AJAX based solutions and integration with a Java based backend is essential. Your focus will be to use your front end development experience to create a first class user experience across desktop and mobile devices. As this is a greenfield project you will be expected to create components that not only satisfy business requirements but lead the way at the cutting edge of web development. Key Responsibilities: You will be expected to model, design, develop, code, test, debug and document front end components that satisfy the business requirements.  You will be responsible for ensuring that web development best practices and firmwide development standards are always adhered to  You will communicate confidently with the business and IT management to understand their needs and offer technical solutions of the highest level.  Provide technical design, tool selection and technical leadership for any given component.  You will conduct code and design reviews.  Support all levels of testing and production implementation.  Provide ongoing application support. Essential Skills:  Extensive experience in developing enterprise web applications across desktop and mobile using latest technologies, from design through to implementation.  Experience of latest web frameworks including jQuery.  Agile development practices, such as continuous integration, automated unit testing, iterative development, pair programming, and estimation.  Proven ability to carry out technical analysis, including front end application architecture  Knowledge of application deployment.  Ability to work as a part of a selforganising team in which you determine your tasks on a daily basis in coordination with coworkers rather then waiting for work to be assigned to you.  Passion for learning new tools and technologies.  Ability to interact and communicate effectively with a wide variety of technical, functional and management staff  Attitude of actively supporting staff in a team environment  Analytical and problem solving skills.Burns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebFrontEndDeveloperJavascriptCSSDOMAJAX_job****