Title: SQL Developer (SQL **** / R****)
Webindex: 68806386
Company: Redrock Consulting Limited
Description: A SQL Developer is required with extensive TSQL experience by our established Client based in Kent to work within a newly established team at the forefront of the business with their most high profile Clients. As a SQL Developer you must have extensive experience working within large scale environments with multiple feeder systems and developing, optimising and troubleshooting complex TSQL stored procedures. As the SQL Developer you will be responsible for troubleshooting complex TSQL stored procedures within relational database and Data Warehouse environments, which contains a large amount of data being processed into a central location. It is essential that you possess the ability to proactively assess how the small changes to stored procedures will affect the environment with a view to reduce locking and blocking. The SQL Developer will be dealing with an extremely large database so therefore a true understanding of isolation level locking, transaction processing and batch processing is crucial. Your key responsibility will be to work with existing, rapidly scaling SQL databases with a view to ultimately reduce the refresh times and produce a significantly more efficient database solution. The successful candidate will have extensive experience with: SQL 2008/R2 Complex TSQL development Transactional processing High capacity OLTP environments Isolation level locking Batch processing Data modelling and indexing Understanding and representing feedback Producing extensive documentation The SQL Developer will have solid experience with SQL Server 2008/R2 but all career backgrounds will be considered. They are looking for a candidate that has a desire to troubleshoot and work with existing systems with a view to design and develop the subsequent upgrade. This is a really good opportunity for someone who is looking to further their career within a company that heavily prefers promoting from within and helping individuals develop their skills in their chosen direction. They will look to get you through a variety of certifications in your chosen area as soon as you start and will be looking for Team Leaders and Managers shortly. If you are interested, please send your most up to date CV to mark.bolerredrockconsulting.co.uk and call **** **** **** for any more information