Title: 3rd Line Infrastructure Analyst
Webindex: 72679420
Company: Greenfield Recruitment Limited
Description: A market leader based in Liverpool are seeking a 3rd Line infrastructure analyst. The successful candidate will undertake projects, design and review work as directed by the Senior Infrastructure Analyst/ Group IT Director. They will also work to agreed objective and timescales, in accordance with the IT project document procedures. Core Skills: 3rd Line Symantec Vault, Symantec Backup Exec, Symantec Endpoint protection, Network monitoring. SAN Dell Power Vault VM Ware Hands on Knowledge and Skills: Knowledge of infrastructure design and administration, Dell PE servers, Dell Power Connect switches, Dell iSCSI Storage. Latest Microsoft Server Technologies e.g. Windows 2003, **** R**** Exchange 2003, 2010, RIM Blackberry Enterprise Server, working in a Virtual environment. Active Directory (AD) Suite, and related Technologies e.g. DFS, DHCP, DNS, WSUS, File and print services, WDS. Network Technologies e.g. Watchguard Firewall, Sonicwall SSL, Exinda WAN optimisation, APC UPS, Environmental Monitoring. Procedures used in the installation, modification, maintenance and repair of IT hardware and software. Responsibilities: Take ownership of issues escalated from 1st  2nd line. Resolving issues in priority; ensure that downtime/customer inconvenience is kept to a minimum. Record the action taken to resolve the issue using the IT Helpdesk ticketing system. Develop and implement policies and procedures, for the improvement of Infrastructure administration. Work independently and with colleagues, to suggest improvements to the Group IT Infrastructure based on a thorough evaluation of options/feasibility studies. In conjunction with other members of the IT Infrastructure team ensure that documentation regarding server builds, network configuration, fixes, procedures and diagrams are kept uptodate and completed in accordance with agreed project procedures. Work with other members of the infrastructure team to ensure that all members of the IT department are kept up to date with improvements and changes to the infrastructure. When required arrange internal training of other members of the IT team of new and changed systems. Assist with the management of key infrastructure task such as: Internal Site Security. Virtual Private Networks Firewall Management and Configuration. Monitoring of the Group IT Infrastructure The role would suit someone with a solid networking background but with the ability to confidently work on Symantec Vault and Dell Power Vault. This is an ideal opportunity to work in a team that support a number of different technologies so would suit an individual who is looking to enhance their existing skills and knowledge. Please feel free to forward your CV to i.khukhgreenfieldit.co.uk for immediate feedback or interview.