Title: Senior Technical Consultant  Mobility  iOS/Android  Germany
Webindex: 69037483
Company: ReThink Recruitment
Description: Senior Technical Consultant  Networking  Mobility  iOS  Android  VPN  WiFi  Security  SaaS  Munich  €100K OTE A well established international innovator of Mobility solutions for enterprise customers is currently hiring a pre sales person to join their Munich based team due to organic growth. They are recognised as the clear market leader in the most exciting area within IT and have the best offering utilised by a number FTSE 100 organisations. The IT solution is complex and can include WiFi, Mobile Data, Smartphones (Android/iPhones etc), remote access, Mobile O/S and is sold as a SaaS / Cloud based service across industry sectors based on ****  ****6 month contracts. They sell through a large channel partners (Deutsche Telekom, Atos, Colt etc) which focuses on carriers. The is an interesting varied role providing technical consultancy to the direct enterprise customers, carrier and solutions partners in the DACH region. This is mainly post sale relating to deployments across large customer networks but will include pre sales as well. The role includes solution design, liaising with client technical resources, designing the technical specification, implementing the solution, troubleshooting deployments, presenting the proof of concepts to customers and a small element of pre sales work positioning the solution. The role requires a candidate with pre sales experience or deployment exposure with technical experience which can include wireless technologies (WEP, ****x etc), security (firewalls, VPNs, antivirus etc), networking (TCP/IP, LDAP, Radius), mobile data (GPRS, 3G etc), Smartphone software, mobile device management etc. The client do not expect candidates to have all the technical skills as they do provide full training but you will need expert verbal and written communication skills and be fluent in German. The company have an excellent offering with a proven ROI and offer the right candidate the opportunity to play a pivotal role in the growth of the DACH region. The company have clear direction, excellent career progression, a professional environment and an industry respected management team which lacks the politics of larger organisation. We are acting as an Employment Agency This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorTechnicalConsultantMobilityiOSAndroidGermany_job****