Title: Senior Developer  PHP, Python, SQL, Apache, MVC
Webindex: 68626712
Company: Salt
Description: Senior Developer  PHP, Python, SQL, Apache, MVC  Senior Developer  PHP, Python, SQL, Apache, MVC  Senior Developer  PHP, Python, SQL, Apache, MVC My Client is a Video content provider for Smart Phones. They are looking for a PHP/Python engineer to join our highly skilled team of designers, Middleware and Android/iOS developers, during an exciting period of growth for their company, which will bring increased scalability and security challenges. The company is invested heavily in research innovation that are central to our specialist knowledge in the video space. We are committed to best practices in software development as well as the pursuit of new technologies. Operating from new offices in London, we promote a positive friendly environment and investment in people. Purpose of Job Develop highly scalable web services that enable their clients and their users to access and consume digital media on any device. Participate in the technical design of your required deliverables, in addition to contributing to the endtoend solution with your own ideas. Be part of an agile team, participating in the planning, estimation and development of user stories Produce technical documentation to a high standard. Collaborate with Front End developers and Back End system developers in building out an endtoend solution that scales. Collaborate with Technical Project Manager and senior management during development to ensure what is delivered meets expectations of client and users. Identify, track and close bugs out as required. Essential Skills Demonstrable commercial experience of Python, PHP or Ruby A solid understanding of architecture and design principles for delivering scalable web services Experience of Object Oriented programming/modular programming. Experience of test driven development approaches. Understanding of MVC design patterns and frameworks. Experience of SQL using either MySQL, NoSQL or similar. Commercial experience in building web services. Strong problem solving skills Knowledge of the Linux command line and Apache. This is a perm role based in London paying **** Please contact for more info.