Title: Head of Direct Services
Webindex: 71759931
Company: RCUK Shared Services Centre Limited
Description: Head of Direct Services Swindon ****  **** Located right next to Swindon rail station, the Research Councils UK Shared Services Centre provides shared business services to the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS), the UK Research Councils including the Medical Research Council, and other public sector organisations such as the Intellectual Property Office, the Technology Strategy Board, and Companies House. RCUK SSC Ltd provides Finance, HR and Procurement transactional services, Grants management, strategic major Procurement management, and IT services such as managed device services, hosting, and unified telecoms direct to clients. The Head of Direct IT Services provides the management of the IT services provided to clients. Reporting to the Chief Information Officer, the ISS Head of Direct IT Services is responsible for ensuring the Direct Services Team of the Information Systems Services department delights our customers, by delivering the services agreed in the MSA ahead and beyond customer expectation and bettering service level agreements. Dimensions: Be responsible for the service integration and management (SIAM) of all Direct Services.Direct Services are those services provided by ISS directly to customers, and not via another part of the SSC.These services include, but are not limited to: Managing personal computing devices (PCs, laptops, tablets) Managing fixed and mobile communications devices (fixed mobile video, voice, and data communications) Hosting, management, and/or full support of applications Hosting and management of data centre hardware solutions Leading the management of efficient and effective Direct Services to customers Manage the suppliers of services, both internal (e.g. Production Services) and external, through appropriate contracts and agreements, and regular monitoring and service review activities, with appropriate corrective action taken as needed. Own all incidents and problems with services provided from the point at which they occur through to final permanent resolution and signoff by the appropriate authority. Continuously assess the performance of ISS against agreed service levels, and be proactive in the prediction and avoidance of potential service breaches through appropriate process management. Growing the ISS Direct Services business and capturing economies of scale Grow the Direct Services business by building a compelling service proposition, working with Client Services Directorate to identify target markets, identify tendering opportunities, responding with persuasive bids, winning business and delivering beyond and above expectations.Also support all growth opportunities identified and won by others where ISS Direct Services SIAM is required. Ensure the appropriate negotiation, agreement and continual improvement of service levels with the Business, and with the clients through the Relationship Managers Own the ISS Direct Services Service Level Agreement and promote awareness and compliancewithin ISS and with clients and customers Management Ensure direct reports have a clear statement and understanding of their areas of responsibility and accountability Provide an effective and regular process for staff communication and consultation across all levels and in all areas, including both in ISS and the wider SSC Manage ISS Direct Services team expenditure processes to ensure budgets are controlled Ensure the necessary skills and adequate resources are available within the ISS Direct Services Team for managing and supporting the direct services, and all other work as needed to meet the team’s objectives. Influence the identification and acquisition of appropriate skills in the rest of the ISS department to support direct services, and maintenance of service levels. Troubleshoot and resolve issues that prevent successful completion of work through the teams, or that impact on the running of the business as required. Experience Needed You will posses experience in customer relationship management, building successful and mutually beneficial relationships Team Management experience, especially in coaching a team to deliver against service performance expectations, demonstrable experience as a manager of the impact of change on the business, understanding the need for impact management at the personal and organisational levels. With a Degree or equivalent relevant experience you will be able to provide demonstrable experience in service management, which need not be in IT. Other skills needed are; Motivated selfstarter, excellent communicator with well developed interpersonal skills. Flexible, adaptable innovator, able to multitask on many diverse work streams, and work independently within general guidance on policy, strategy and financial matters. Ability to effectively manage relationships with stakeholders to the highest standards of integrity and professionalism Outstanding influencing skills Determination to deliver a premium service to the customer Outstanding skills in people, project and change management Demonstrable understanding of the change cycle and the impact of initiatives on people. High level of numeracy, literacy and IT skills. Analytical skills – exceptional ability to define and solve problems Tenacity and resilience At RCUK SSC Ltd we offer a competitive salary and benefits package including a choice of a defined benefit or stakeholder pension scheme, 27 days holiday rising to 30 days after 3 years plus an extra **** privilege days. Additional benefits include learning and development opportunities, health care benefits, childcare vouchers and season ticket loans. To apply please click the apply button. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/HeadofDirectServices_job****