Title: Diesel Calibration Team Leader  China c ?****/hr
Webindex: 70533846
Company: Jonathan Lee Recruitment
Description: Diesel (Engine) Calibration Team Leader  China  c**** P/Hr  1 Year Contract (Rolling) You will be working in a cutting edge Engine Test and Calibration environment for one of the world's leading Automotive Engineering Consultants, based inHouse at their Automotive (OEM) Customer in the 'People's Republic of China'. Accommodation, expenses and Flights Home will form part of this attractive and exciting Job opportunity. An initial Training and Company induction period will form the first few weeks of this post at our clients HQ in Western Germany, before departing for the Far East. Your role will be to lead a Team of experienced and junior Calibration Engineers, occasionally working at multiple facilities, whilst liaising globally with senior colleagues, Clients and suppliers alike. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Mechanical Engineer with proven experience working as a Lead or Senior Calibration Engineer seeking their next career step towards an Engineering Management role. Successful applicants will have 'hands on knowledge' of Bosch Calibration Systems, INCA, ETAS and Data capture, analysis and reporting. Fully expensed and ongoing training will form part of the successful applicant's professional development with the Parent organisation based in Germany and their Offices in the PRC. Essential Requirements:  BEng in Mechanical Engineering or a closely related Engineering/Science subject  Proven Diesel Engine Calibration experience (ideally around 5 Years)  Valid Passport, able and willing to work in China for long periods  Bosch Calibration systems  INCA/ETAS systems experience  Driving Licence  Positive attitude with a keen desire to progress into Engineering Management Our client is ready to recruit and interview immediately, so please forward your CV to toby.goddardjonlee.co.uk urgently, supported by a covering letter. Please include your Notice Period and current circumstances. All applicants must be able to travel on their Valid Passport to China. Work Visa's will be supplied by our Client, as necessary. For more information please call Toby on his Direct Line at www.jonlee.co.uk : [blocked], Out of Office Hours please call: [blocked], 7 Days a Week. Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Contracts are those of an Employment Business.