Title: Release Manager
Webindex: 67894720
Description: We are currently looking for a Release manger to work in Chippenham, Wilts on a permanent basis the sucessful candidate will be working for Capita secure information solutions. Capita Secure Information Solutions is a market leading developer and supplier of communications and IT systems across the Public Safety and Criminal Justice sectors. Through the successes of our various product and service offerings, we have developed an indepth understanding of the special operational and communication needs of the emergency services. Capita Secure Information Solutions s capabilities include systems integration, application development and maintenance, deployment and support, network planning and support, mobile data command and control systems, dynamic call handling and outsourced managed services. The Release Manager is directly responsible for: • Ensuring that all Releases are scoped and planned. • Ensuring that any required patches are properly authorised and communicated to interested parties • Ensuring the Proactive identification, management and release of 3rd Party Patches • Minimising the number of incidents raised due to releases • Ensuring that the Support function is adequately prepared for releases and the impact that they will have on users. • Ensuring that adequate release documentation (Release Notes, User Guides) is provided to the Support function and users alike. • Designing and implement efficient processes / procedures for the release of hardware application software complying with ISO20000. • Providing communication and managing expectations of the Customers during the planning of new releases. The Release Management processes provides for the following activities: • Chairing the Monthly Release Advisory Board. • Production of User Guides and Release Notes • Production and Maintenance of Release Plans • Release Authorisation • Designing and scoping of Maintenance Releases • Arranging Support Presentations • Quality Control of Development / Testing function • Management of the issues arising from the Deployment of Releases. • Occasional Build Management • Occasional System Test Management • Managing any ISO20000 audits The Release Manager will ensure: • Provision of monthly KPI achievement report. • Alignment to all Corporate Policies. Organise and maintain monthly **** meetings with direct reports. • Set and measure achievements of direct reports against business driven objectives. • Provide a yearly appraisal to all direct reports. • Organise and maintain regular Release Management team meetings to provide information sharing. Essential Skills .• Experience of implementing ISO20000 compliant ITIL Release Management Processes. Experience of Test Management. • Team Management. • Customer facing. • Relationship Management. • Communication and negotiation skills. • Presentation skills. • ITIL Foundation Certificate (Green Badge).Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.