Title: Senior Telecoms Project Manager
Webindex: 69018148
Company: Excel Resourcing
Description: Job Title: Senior Telecommunications Project Manager Role Summary: Our client is looking for a Senior IS Telecommunications Manager to manage IS business improvement and new system implementation projects, ensuring that projects are delivered in accordance with our client s project methodology and to a high level of customer (i.e. internal business team) satisfaction. To provide Project Quality Management support to the project team. To contribute towards IS project delivery process improvements. Scope Indicators: Delivery of projects on time, within a predefined benefits/cost plan and to the customer s ultimate satisfaction, using our client s Global Services project methodology and standard processes. Key Responsibility Areas: Project Management Preparing business cases and project plans for project approval and project budget (capex and opex) approval Managing a portfolio of projects, ensuring resources are identified and assigned. Initiating projects in accordance with our client s Global Services project management. methodology and establishing the appropriate level of project documentation and control. Ensuring the project s approach for analysis, design, build, test, training and business readiness is defined. Ensuring projects are delivered within tolerances: time (to Project Completion Date), cost (manhours and materials), quality (right first time) and benefits. Ensuring project benefits are tracked and reported. Managing all project costs throughout the project and ensuring all additional costs are tracked and recovered wherever possible. Ensuring that all projects within the post holder s portfolio are reviewed by a Project Quality Manager at each stage of the project and all projects meet the minimum criteria level to proceed to the following stage. Ensuring that all project controls are in place at project initiation and maintained throughout the project lifecycle, including risk and issue logs and Change Control Delivering the project in accordance with the principles and themes of Prince**** Contributing best practice, ideas and lessons learned to improve IS delivery project delivery methods. Technical Knowledge Experience as a Project Manager managing multiple large complex projects, ideally in a managed service provider environment Minimum qualification  PRINCE**** Practitioner. Experience of AGILE project delivery Must have experience of delivering IS/IT projects and of working in a structured project environment. Must have working knowledge of internet and telecommunications networking technologies. Knowledge of MPLS technology and Managed Hosting solutions would be an advantage. Industry Experience Must have proven track record in Project and/or Programme Management within the Telecommunications sector or a related industry. Experience of project managing in a global environment is desirable