Title: Senior Level 3D Artist  Staffordshire
Webindex: 68607264
Company: Orange Recruitment
Description: Senior Level 3D Artist Wage  ********K salary dependant on experience and ability Description Our client currently has an exciting opportunity to add to their team of talented 3D artists and illustrators. Our client has openings for **** mid and senior level 3D modellers and artists. If you think you have the ability to impress our client with your work and would like the chance to join the fast growing studio then please apply today. To join our client s team you will have proven ability in producing photorealistic 3D illustrations of architectural interiors, exteriors, products, and transport images. You will possess the necessary ability to take a raw render and post produce the illustration to create a high resolution, balanced photo real image. You will instinctively know what to change on the image and how to use Photoshop to achieve the results you want. You will also possess the knowledge needed to create highly detailed 3D models of buildings, interior room spaces, furniture and other amorphous shaped objects. You will be able to assess the level of detail required for your modelling and will know how to keep the files as efficient as possible. You will know how to polymodel efficiently and also be able to model, when required, softer shaped objects like toilets, sinks, settees etc. You will have a thorough understanding of 3D Studio Max and Mental Ray. You will be able to set up scene lighting to meet the required mood whether for exterior or interior scenes. You will possess some commercial experience in producing animations, included in that would be the ability to keep frame render times to a minimum, animating camera s and producing efficient realistic painted textures. You will be expected to interpret a material choice and be able to produce a highly convincing texture using Photoshop which would consist of diffuse, secular and bump/normal maps. Other skills which you may have but are not essential would be in using zbrush to create highly detailed natural shape objects. You may also be able to use Adobe Illustrator or Indesign to create ****D illustrations and graphic design layouts for brochures and leaflets. You may even be able to post produce movie files using after effects or premier. If you feel you have the skills to add something to our client s team then please get in touch. They would love to hear from you.