Title: Infrastructure Team Lead, Operations Manager, Operations Team Lead, In
Webindex: 69975682
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing
Description: Infrastructure Team Lead, Operations Manager, Operations Team Lead, Infrastructure Manager. An excellent opportunity has arisen for an Infrastructure Team Lead, Operations Manager to join my globallyrenowned, marketleading client based in Southampton. The Infrastructure Team Lead will oversee and manage the daytoday function of a team of infrastructure engineers in support of messaging and authentication environments. The Successful Infrastructure Team Lead will have extensive experience of working in and supporting a messaging environment with a key focus on MS Exchange and dealing with 3rd line enquiries. The role will be in support of the company wide infrastructure and candidates will be required to demonstrate support at enterprise level. With a focus on delivering an effective and efficient operational capacity, the Infrastructure Team Lead will also have experience in balancing the ongoing technical support, as well as providing leadership and coaching to members of a team. The Infrastructure Team Lead should have experience managing people and demonstrate extensive experience in leading technical teams, ideally within an ITIL environment. So, if you are an experienced and motivated Infrastructure Team Leader, Operations Manager or Senior Support Engineer with experience leading a team, this is an opportunity not to be missed If you would like to apply for this position, send an up to date CV today for consideration. The salary for this position is up to **** and candidates will require eligibility to obtain full UK (SC) Security Clearance. Referral Scheme: If this role isn't for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT. If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford's leading IT Recruitment agency. With exclusive access to some of the region's most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business.