Title: Solutions Architect  Innovation  Banking
Webindex: 72578403
Company: Rullion IT Plus
Description: Solutions Architect, blue chip global Banking group  Innovative Solution Architect Required, to take a lead in the Banks rapidly expanding Architecture practice. Solutions Architect is required by a blue chip Banking group to play a key role in the development of some the most innovative and cutting edge Banking solutions in the World. My Client is looking for a genuinely creative and proactive solution architect with a broad technical background who can work directly with executive level business stakeholders to create solutions in line with business strategy. As a leading Global Bank my client has a firmly established reputation as a technology market leader. They are in the process of building out their internal Solution Architecture function in order to meet the increasing demand of the business, and as such there are a number of roles available. Solution Architects will work on a truly diverse range of projects ranging from Payments Systems to Mobile Banking and Social Media Applications so this is a great chance to progress and develop in a challenging environment. As the successful Solution Architect you will be a thought leader for future technology within the Bank, and will be in a position to make a considerable impact quickly. As a key point of contact between business and technology, the Solution Architect will define strategy and ultimately be responsible for ensuring that technology meets the ever growing needs of the business. To be considered for this position, candidates should possess the following:  Strong Solution Architecture experience  Broad Technical Background  Knowledge of Java would be useful although not a necessity  Banking or Consultancy experience  Experience of complex systems integration projects/programmes  Middleware experience would be beneficial  Solution Enterprise Architect training and certification (ie.TOGAF) advantageous  Excellent communication skills This is a senior position for experienced Solution Architects who can see the 'Bigger Picture' in the development of architecture models linking strategy to solution. You will also be joining a rapidly expanding architecture team in which you will be able to work on a mixture of BAU and green field projects. The successful candidate will demonstrate the ability to influence at all levels of the organisation, and act as a mentor to junior colleagues. This is a high profile position within a Global Bank, as such the candidate should come from financial services or a consultancy type background, within a similar position. This is a permanent role based in Cheshire offering a basic salary up to ****  an excellent package  Bonus For further information on this unique opportunity please email me your up to date CV or alternatively call me. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.