Title: Online Content Developer
Webindex: 69056994
Company: Moto Recruit
Description: A creative Online Content Developer, willing to learn, and seeking an opportunity to develop within a small marketing team is required by a high profile automotive component distributor. Educated to a graduate level, or with equivalent relevant experience the successful Online Content Developer will be comfortable coding and supporting web content created in HTML, Javascript, ActionScript C, ASP.net and SQL Server. You will have knowledge of updating web content through content management systems (CMS) ideally Umbraco, and will be able to create and use APIs and have exposure to Cloud Hosting. In addition to the required technical abilities the successful Online Content Developer will have great communication skills, possess a positive attitude and be able to work tirelessly under pressure within our team to help us reach our goals and deadlines. This is a varied and demanding role within a vibrant, UK focussed marketing team. The Online Content Developer will be responsible for enhancing website content, implementing new designs and functionality as well as supporting the production and delivery of other digital platforms. You will take responsibility for the day to day operational, maintenance, structure and development of websites and social media assets. The development stack includes: HTML Javascript ActionScript CMS C ASP.net SQL Server Working from a unique, creative environment in rural West Midlands you will be given the opportunity to learn and develop knowledge and skills within a supportive, but fast paced environment. Our client is a high profile, growing brand synonymous with performance within the automotive, motorcycle and bicycle OE and aftermarket sectors. To be considered for this outstanding opportunity in the first instance please forward your CV along with any supporting information for review. Motorecruit has been retained as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy.