Title: PreSales Consultants  Leading Software Company
Webindex: 70569505
Company: TURNSTONE SALES
Description: Want a Career you can really get your teeth into? How does joining a global leader in their market place that helps businesses identify and optimise their business opportunities? Ambitious and Driven , then keep reading. Who would I be working for? Are client are the global leader in the provision of business analytics software with a turnover in access of ****bn and over **** employees globally. Their dominance of the market goes to demonstrate that they just a little bit good at what they do. Want a little more detail? Founded in the early **** s in the US our client works across all sectors of business, providing their clients with analytics software. The software takes information from all areas of a business and makes it meaningful, ultimately leading to better business decisions and creating a positive impact on bottom line. The Opportunity? Two Bright and Ambitious graduates will join our client s highly successful PreSales team based in their UK head office. As a PreSales Consultant you will work as an integral part of the sales process of our client. PreSales you will be involved in: Provide technical assistance for software presales. Coordinate resources for the sales and implementation of customer applications. Assist sales staff in assessing potential application of company products. Provide followup customer support. You will develop into a true expert on our clients products providing real technical insight into the sales process ensuring all opportunities are fully and successful converted. As your career progress you will be given the opportunity to specialise in a specific sector, becoming a true expert. Why you should want this job? If it s not already obvious Our client has a great atmosphere and working environment, there are not many better places to work. You will be given a golden opportunity to join a market leader and have a real impact on a rapidly growing business. Investment in you will be second to none, you will learn from industry leaders and experts ensuring that to build the knowledge base and skill set to succeed in your role. In addition to all the progression associated with working for a global market leader, you will be rewarded with an exceptional starting salary, bonus and exceptional benefits package. Have you got what it takes? Strong Degree **** Ideally in a Math/Stats, Economics or Business Related Degree. Exceptional Communication Skills. You need to be very Commercially Minded. Ambitious Driven. Be Results Orientated. What are you waiting for? If you feel you think you have what it takes and want to find out more about this exceptional opportunity. To have find out more about the role, please APPLY NOW and we will call you straight back.