Title: Core Java (Algorithmic) Developer, Hedge Fund, London
Webindex: 68496222
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Developer, finance, Java, UNIX, Linux, Windows, Spring, Eclipse, Maven, Multithreading, Trading, Hedge Fund This is a fantastic opportunity for a Core Java Developer to join to the most prestigious technology team in Algorithmic trading, within London. This is an important and exciting role that will require a good understanding of the software life cycle to build out a market leading algo container and backtesting environment to put the company in a position to gain a competitive advantage in this space. The ideal candidate will have Front Office experience as well as be commercially aware of other areas of the business in which they have worked. You will be set aggressive deadlines and will be expected to meet them by working well with others and also be self motivated. This roles cover the high frequency market data feeds, statistical trading signal generation system and high frequency electronic execution components that constitute the trading platform. Essential Extensive Java experience, OO design and patterns Extensive experience of relational Datamodelling, including DML and DDL A proponent of agile development methods Linux/Windows/UNIX Spring/Eclipse/Maven Distributed, concurrent processing Server Side development Other Excellent Communication Skills Highly Self Motivated Keen to learn new technologies An advanced degree in a mathematical or computational discipline. Your day will be diverse, challenging and rewarding. In a business that doesn't stand still, my client seeks innovation and results. You will enjoy busy days balanced with social interaction. An opportunity to work alongside people who bring sharp analytical thinking to business issues. You will work alongside fast thinkers and doers, who combine ambition with humility and are happy to let their performance do the talking. In return you be given competitive reward package, with the opportunity for high performers to maximise their earnings potential. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice.