Title: Risk Analytics and Strategy Manager
Webindex: 67614848
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Risk Analytics and Strategy Manager Location: Edinburgh Salary: ****  bonus  benefits Overview To design and implement credit management strategies that will enable the Bank to control lending risk, deliver sustainable growth and meet customer needs. The Manager will • Be responsible for developing, evaluating and implementing credit risk strategies on existing customers. • Work closely with Marketing and Finance to develop customer lifetime value models for the business which show the full value added of the business. • Direct and assist the Credit Analysts in the development and implementation of new strategies, develop test plans and ensure all strategies have been successfully and accurately implemented. • Ensure behavioural score cutoffs and strategies for credit limit, transaction authorisations etc are consistent with business objectives. Act as a customer to Decision Science to ensure that portfolio management scorecards are effective and perform in line with expectations • Assist in the development of risk based pricing models. • Consider the most appropriate solutions to deliver credit risk P&L objectives. • Manage production of insightful and timely management information to inform Senior Management. • Lead, motivate and develop a team of analysts, setting standards for analytical excellence and ensuring these are embedded in a worldclass team • Develop strong relationships with senior stakeholders across the business and the ability to build organisational momentum behind the proposed agenda, seeing through the implementation of initiatives and overcoming resistance and obstacles when encountered. The Manager will have • Demonstrated team leadership skills and the ability to virtually or matrix manage larger teams of professional analytical employees. • 5 years’ credit risk experience, ideally in strategy development and implementation. • Strong technical skills, highly proficient SAS, SQL, excel skills • Degree educated in numerate discipline is desirable but not essential Please send your CV to [contact details removed] or call us on [contact details removed] .