Title: Test Manager / Test Lead (Hands on)
Webindex: 68359852
Company: Conex Europe Ltd
Description: We are looking for a solid Test Manager or Test Team Lead, to join an expanding team/company, to take lead in setting up a brand new testing division/strategy. Down to earth, fun, friendly, hardworking company culture, with a strong focus on enjoying your job  ****K My leading clien t is looking for a Test Manager / Test Team Lead to join their team and work closely with the Application Support/Dev manager, setting up a brand new testing strategy within the team. You must have experience in the full testing life cycle and developing, designing the test strategy , including identifying the testing environment, helping to implement the testing strategy,writing all test scripts cases and preparing all regression test packs, UAT right through to Go Live ongoing support. . You would act as the Test Manager / Test Lead work closely with the Dev Manager on a number of large system implementation projects. You will have excellent hands on testing experience as a test manager/lead as you will take full responsibility on my clients projects of the full testing strategy. You will be the point of contact for all testing plans, test cases, test strategies. This role suits someone that is keen to make their mark within a company/Dev team, be able to own an entire testing division bring in new ideas/testing tools to the company, really making your own mark and help the testing environment/team to grow around you. Ideally you will have at least 35 years Manual Testing experience. Any experience of Automated tools is a bonus will be experienced in all system testing, black box, security testing, compatibility testing, regression testing accessibility testing. The working culture is focused, driven and professional, team orientated, consultative and enjoyable with a great level of office banter. In return my client offers an opportunity to forge an excellent long term career a chance to give your input and make a significant contribution to the testing environment/company success. Great salary, BONUS unrivalled benefits APPLY NOW Don't miss outConex Europe Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TestManagerTestLeadHandson_job****