Title: Systems and Network Engineer
Webindex: 66924846
Company: Company Fusion
Description: The Company  Our Client: Our client is a highly versatile organisation that offers IT services ranging from Database design, to Cisco firewalls and Virtual Private Networking on a multinational basis. By offering such a range of services through their own systems, they can integrate the various technologies and provide their client base with a single IT service solution provider. Our client is seeking an experienced Systems and Network Engineer to work from a remote location. The Role  Main Duties and Responsibilities:  Carry out all manner of computer installation and support of computer and network systems  Research and stay abreast of technological developments in IT forum.  Prototype new technologies with a view to implementing within their client base.  Write technical reports detailing how to implement new technologies.  Advise on designs of systems based on Microsoft server and workstation technologies to meet client requirements.  Carry out systems installation of servers, including email systems.  Test systems to ensure they operate to client specifications and expectations.  Document systems installation so other company members can operate systems.  Monitor automated reports from client installations and act upon warnings before major system incidents occur. Advise on recurring problems.  Diagnose faults at all levels of system and network. Correct faults in systematic and recorded fashion.  Carry out technical support on client workstations and servers, liaising with clients to answer technical questions and concerns they may have. The Person  Skills, Knowledge, Qualifications and Experience:  Strong knowledge and experience of implementing Microsoft server and client systems. Typically involved with the installation of Windows 2003 server / Windows 2008 server installation and current MS client based systems.  Degree in IT or relevant studies  Passed at least one exam towards MCSE and be an MCP, alternatively have completed A and Network , or CCNA qualifications with a view to learning MS based systems.  General understanding of Ethernet networks and the mechanisms for resolving a computer name into logical address.  Some knowledge of internet technologies would be advantageous. For example, knowledge of DNS and how it operates. The Package : What You Could Earn:  Basic salary ****  Able to work from home (constantly if preferred)  At least 21 days holiday  Home office equipment provided