Title: operations administrator  Debt recovery
Webindex: 68360967
Company: Brook Street Bureau PLC
Description: MIT: At least 2 years Debt Collection / credit control experience. Complaint handling experience from initial contact to resolving the complaint. Excellent spelling and grammar. xcellent telephone and communications skills. attention to detail customer services debt recovery / credit control/chasing debts  understanding process. strong admin skills Operations Administrator needed to confidently communicate with clients and defendants. Excellent letter writing skills and a confident manner on the telephone are essential. The role involves reporting results of the visits by our debt recovery agents to our clients and corresponding with defendants for outstanding monies. There are also many other administration duties within this position. This role requires the successful candidate to possess strong attention to detail, along with organisational skills and the ability to prioritise your own workload. Numeracy and literacy are of equal importance. The individual should be able to work under their own initiative and work well in a high pressure environment. General computer skills are required along with the ability to learn a bespoke computer system. Daily tasks responsibilities ' Reporting to clients by letter and email ' Responding to incoming mail and emails ' Ability to compose your own professional letters to clients and defendants ' Good telephone manner, answering and making calls ' Checking fees on the bespoke computer system ' DVLA Checks ' Noting bespoke computer system ' Use of various data bases on the internet ' Ad hoc duties Personal specifications for the role ' Excellent literacy skills ' Attention to detail skills ' Good telephone manner ' Organisational skills ' Numerate ' Able to prioritise workload ' Computer literate ' Should be able work under own initiative ' Work well under pressure The successful candidate will have: ' At least 2 years Debt Collection experience. ' Complaint handling experience from initial contact to resolving the complaint. ' Excellent spelling and grammar. ' Excellent telephone and communications skills. In addition to the above, you will be an integral member of the team where your opinions and experience will be invaluable in suggesting and implementing process improvements or managing various sized project work. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/operationsadministratorDebtrecovery_job****