Title: IST Support Officer Change Team  Packaged Applications and Database A
Webindex: 67906170
Company: Wiltshire Police
Description: IST Support Officer Change Team  Packaged Applications and Database Admin Salary: **** per annum rising to **** per annum in two annual increments 37 hours per week Wiltshire Police has several opportunities for highly motivated individuals to join its IST Design Development group. This team works as part of the wider business change group in Wiltshire Police, and is responsible for delivering technical developments that underpin improvements in policing for the communities of Wiltshire. There are also opportunities to work on collaborative projects with local authorities and emergency services within Wiltshire and with other police forces. Police IT is a rapidly changing and developing environment and therefore provides a stimulating and interesting environment in which to work, where individual contributions to the organisation and wider society are recognised. Working as part of a team of 3 database administrators, you will be responsible for the installation, configuration, interfacing, tuning and backup of a wide range of applications, ranging from mission critical operational systems such as command control, custody and case management, through to back office systems such as HR and finance. Excellent Oracle and MS SQL Server database admin skills will be needed, along with the ability to to work unsupervised and coach other team members. This is a hands on technical role and is likely to require some out of hours standby / on call cover, for which an allowance is payable. This is a full time permanent position, based at Wiltshire Police Headquarters, Devizes, Wiltshire. A flexitime scheme is in operation, along with the ability to work from home where appropriate. Annual leave is ****2 days on appointment, rising to 24 days after 2 year’s service and 27 days after **** year’s service. Staff are eligible to join the local government pension scheme and to use the police gym facilities. Please note that a generic job description is used across all 4 jobs, with sections for specific skills for specific teams i.e network staff don’t need skills in the DBA or web development sections and vice versa. Closing date : 14th February 2013 This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ISTSupportOfficerChangeTeamPackagedApplicationsandDatabaseA_job****