Title: Report Developer  SQL, C
Webindex: 71306023
Company: Stott & May
Description: A Report Developer is required by a revolutionary company in the consumer Cloud Services space who are setting the standards in the industry. Started by a serial innovator in the UK (who you will work very closely with), my client already has millions of people worldwide using their software in just a couple of years. This is genuinely one of the most challenging, innovative and complex environments that most could wish for, and you will be tackling some interesting and challenging problems. The Role: This role will really suit somebody who is highly numerical and analytical. As a data driven organisation, the business bases decision making on extensive use of reporting. You will be required to take data from multiple sources (e.g. SQL Server/MySQL, Google Analytics, data feeds etc) and bring them together into meaningful commercial, technical and marketing reports. You will also be responsible for developing and maintaining the existing suite of reports, which are written in C with extensive and very detailed SQL statements.You will be given complicated commercial problems to solve around business performance, and asked to use your knowledge of the data sets and your reporting ability to pull together real answers. The Candidate: As a Report Developer, you will relate to the following profile:  Highly numerical and analytical, able to deal with complicated and detailed problems  Extensive knowledge of SQL (including complicated joins, subqueries, query optimization etc) for use with SQL Server and/or MySQL  Exceptionally strong communication skills, able to communicate confidently and assertively with different types of people, up to CEO level.  Ideally have some knowledge/experience of working with Google Adwords or Google Analytics  Ideally an appreciation of marketing metrics and performance  Ideally an appreciation with API based integration or data feed projects In Return: The Report Developer will receive an extremely generous salary, company benefits and considerable share options within the business which is expected to fetch well into six figures. You will also be working in the most challenging environment of your career with like minded people. If you believe you have the ability to excel in the role of Report Developer, please send your CV / contact Aaron Neale at Stott May. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ReportDeveloperSQLC%****_job****