Title: IS Project Manager
Webindex: 68693691
Company: Harvey Nash
Description: IS Project Manager  Newcastle  ****K  This Newcastle based third sector business is currently seeking to hire an experienced Project Manager to join there is team. Following on from the appointment of a new Director and a successful restructure of the team, you will be joining the department at an exciting time. The structure has been designed with ITIL at the heart The company is looking for individuals who have substantial experience and exposure to working within the ITIL Framework. Reporting into the Head of Project Management you will be responsible for running large scale Enterprise computing projects that deliver new and improved IS services across the organisation. As IS Project Manager you will ensure that these projects are run according to Prince**** methodology and that they deliver an output that is capable of delivering the benefits outlined in the agreed business case as well as provide management of project teams made up from different areas of the business and external organisations. You will be responsible for the delivery of the projects required products within the tolerances of time, cost, quality, scope, risk and benefits with adherence to the Service design Package. You should have significant experience of deploying IT services using formal project management methodologies and framework (PRINCE**** and MSP) ensuring the consistent delivery of all programmes and projects. You will have an excellent understanding of ITIL and its links with other best practice methodologies (PRINCE2, MSP). To be successful in your application you must be able to demonstrate delivery of new or improved IS services in large scale public or private organisations and be able to demonstrate success in building relationships with key business stakeholders. You must also understand IS as a team, how they operate and systems that are in use. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a growing team in an exciting Newcastle based business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ISProjectManager_job****