Title: Client Engagement Manager  Programme Manager
Webindex: 72628578
Company: Monarch Recruitment Limited
Description: A well established IT Services company who are head quartered in the heart of London are expanding their team due to the increased demand in A well established IT Services company who are head quartered in the heart of London are expanding their team due to the increased demand in their services and project pipeline. This service provider focuses on consultancy, project management and delivery. Keywords:Programme Manager, client Engagement manager, project manager, ITIL, Prince**** Agile, Technical, Information Systems, IS, Budget, Resources, Relationship manager, Strategy, strategic, London. This IT Services Company are looking for a Client Engagement Manager to interact with some of the most high profile, political and businesscritical projects out in the market. The scope ranges from financial services, to banking, telecoms, media, sport right through to entertainment. You will be focusing on definition, documentation and successful completion of complex projects, typically lasting over 12 months, with significant dependencies. You will ensure the project standards in regards to quality, change control and risk management process are maintained. You will also monitor and control resources, revenue and capital costs against the project budget and manager expectations of all project stakeholders. Requirements: Technically conversant Large scale project delivery within IT, Telecoms or media sectors Management of Stakeholder expectations Commercial awareness Led business growth and looked at opportunities of building new business. Led large teams of **** people Can absorb complex technical information and communicate effectively at all levels to both technical and non technical audiences. A broad understanding of information systems and deep understanding of area specialisation. Keeps up to date with advances and developments in the information systems industry. If you are looking for a senior level position that offers you the opportunity to work with highprofile, high risk projects then please do send your updated CV to register your interest in this central London based Programme management focused position. Keywords:Programme Manager, client Engagement manager, project manager, ITIL, Prince**** Agile, Technical, Information Systems, IS, Budget, Resources, Relationship manager, Strategy, strategic, London.