Title: Software Implementation Analyst and Trainer
Webindex: 68688084
Company: RD Partnership
Description: The Client Our client is a successful ITsolutions/Telecoms company, based in Somerset. Established in 1980, they service small and medium businesses throughout the UK. Their experience and stability is testimony to their commitment to building long term relationships with their clients. They specialise in providing business software solutions, IT solutions, Web services and Telecoms. The Role Seeking a dynamic individual to join the software customer services team. This is a varied role which involves pre and postsales client consultation with regard to the deployment of bespoke software projects encompassing accounts, sales order processing, stock control, warehouse management, procurement purchase order processing, EDI, eCommerce and other modules. This role also involves the delivery of user training on the software and the provision of helpdesk support. Clients are typically UK based small to medium sized businesses with project deployments being a few days in each case. The software is developed by their inhouse team in Bridgwater, Somerset and has a **** year pedigree. The current product is targeted at Microsoft Windows server (32bit and 64bit platforms) including Small Business Server and Terminal Services environments. Description This is a fulltime post based out of the Bridgwater office. Initial training and product familiarization will be provided by shadowing existing training staff and reinforced by work on the helpdesk. The role will then evolve to include delivery of inhouse and customer premises training across the UK. As training is often consultative, there will be a degree of business analysis required in this role. Essential Skills/Characteristics Previous training delivery experience Experience of SME business working environments Good telephone manner Able to communicate clearly Able to deal with difficult people Computer literate Ability to absorb new information effectively Good standard of education Ability to fit into a team environment A high level of initiative and common sense An understanding of basic accounting Flexibility to work away from home for a number of days when necessary Ability to manage a project from beginning to end Full current UK driving licence Desirable Skills/Characteristics A good working knowledge of Sage or other computerised accounting system A good working knowledge of Windows operating systems A good working knowledge of Microsoft Office products A good working knowledge of computerised or manual payroll system Previous helpdesk experience AAT qualified Salary commensurate with experience, around ******** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareImplementationAnalystandTrainer_job****