Title: PHP Developer  xtrain into Magento  Digital Retailer
Webindex: 70519899
Company: Burns Sheehan Limited
Description: CALLING ALL PHP OR RUBY OR PYTHON DEVELOPERS  AMAZING OPPORTUNITY WITH A POPULAR INTERNET RETAILER TO LEARN MAGENTO  ECOMMERCE, RETAIL, MEDIA, LONDON; One of the UK s biggest success stories in the world of digital retail requires a **** x PHP Developers to xtrain into Magento. You ll be joining a talented IT / Agile Scrum team that includes a CTO, Scrum Master / Test Manager, Automation QA, Manual QA, Linux DevOps, Head of Magento Development, ERP/Python Developer and 3 x PHP/Magento Developers. They are also expanding their ERP team to cope with the huge amount of work they have. With turnover growing at approx 20%  30% month on month (they run at 600% profitability), this multi award winning websites unique and innovative ideas has revolutionised the way we buy goods over the Internet. Phenomenal growth has led the company to hire over **** employees in two years (beautiful, spacious offices in London and Shanghai). It s also multi award winning and was recently listed in the Telegraph Tech StartUp Class of 2011. This innovative business have made the step into the future by attempting to bridge the gap between online and offline by using a physical showroom to improve the online retail experience. You ll be helping this business with the development of their Magento based platform, and also in their separate OpenERP based back office system. Working daily with your team of testers, developers and devops, you will ensure the quality and reliability of the Magento Platform. They have a Product Backlog full of rich, interesting domestic and international projects, and your background with PHP and eCommerce (ideally) projects in general will help develop an even greater value proposition in the world of eretail Skills:  PHP OR Ruby OR Python Developers will be considered to xtrain into Magento  Ideally you will already have Magento experience, either CE or EE  23 years coding experience  Good academics  Ideally you will have eCommerce / Retail experience  An understanding of Agile and SCRUM You should be able to communicate clearly in English, and eager to further your knowledge and the knowledge of the team as a whole. Please only apply if you have a great sense of humour and don t like to wear a suit and tie to work This creative environment will only attract those who regularly investigate other languages and love working in collaborative teams Also, a love for music would be great Burns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds.