Title: Recruitment Consultant  Public Sector
Webindex: 71565985
Company: Timothy James Consulting Ltd
Description: Recruitment Consultant  Public Sector  Contract Division Up to ****k  Commission and Incentives London Mayfair Are you looking for opportunities for development and career progression in 2013? Then why not join the 2nd fastest growing recruitment company in UK? If company culture is what is important to you then we have the support, professionalism and fun to take you all the way in your career. The Company Voted in the Top 10 Best Places to work by Sunday Times, Timothy James is an innovative and dynamic place to work with exciting career opportunities. Due to the fantastic year on year growth, and moving into brand new offices through expansion we are now looking for driven consultants to join ever growing London team. The Team Working our Public Sector division will see you joining one of the most profitable teams in our company to date. Specialisms cover the NHS, Local Government and Corporate Services with the London team making their mark on the leader boards. As a team in London you would be joining a hard working environment, with genuine opportunities to join and grow in the business. Team incentives are a plenty, with nights out, spa days, trips abroad and iPads to be won. We work as a team, support each other and love to celebrate success. The Candidate As a Recruitment Consultant, we look for drive, commitment, and the ability to have fun and we will support you every step of the way in your career. We have a diverse range of backgrounds in our organisation but we all have one thing in common  PASSION. What We Offer  Competitive salary plus lucrative commission structure  Strong, supportive company culture  Ongoing development with real opportunities for career advancement  Reward and recognition including lunch club to fine dining restaurants, company holidays and all expenses paid team nights out and much more If you are looking for a change in career and want to develop your skills, join a reputable company and make your stamp in 2013 then this is just the opportunity for you. To be considered please send your update CV today, alternatively for further information about the opportunities then contact Ben Gill on b.gilltimothyjamesconsulting.com This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/RecruitmentConsultantPublicSector_job****