Title: Info Security Analyst
Webindex: 71748016
Description: Info Security Analyst/Engineer Solihull(preferred) OR West Malling OR Derby competitive Benefits include, Childcare Vouchers, Share Ownership Plan, Share Save Scheme, Eye care. A prestigious FTSE 100 company is looking for an Info Security Analyst/Engineer. This is an exciting opportunity to join the business in one of its most exciting and challenging areas. To work within the limits of the roles and responsibilities document, management requests and Capita standards. The role of the Info Security Analyst/Engineer for Security Operations is to perform two core functions:  The first is the daytoday operations of the inhouse security solutions while the second is the identification, investigation and resolution of security breaches detected by those systems.  Secondary tasks may include involvement in the assessment and/or implementation of new or amended security solutions, participation in the creation and or maintenance of policies, standards, baselines, guidelines and procedures as well as conducting vulnerability audits and assessments. This may also involve identification, mitigation, control and documentation of risks identified in a formal forum. The Info Security Analyst/Engineer is expected to be fully aware of the organisation s security goals as established by its stated policies, procedures and guidelines and to actively work towards upholding those goals. Essential:  Information Security background. .  Change Management – technical impact assessment.  Networking.  ISS RealSecure.  Securing Windows.  Tripwire.  netForensics.  NESSUS.  McAfee ePO.  Vulnerability exploitation techniques.  CRAMM risk assessment methodology  Experience in at least one of the following: DESIRED EXPERIENCE;  McAfee IDS/IPS  GFI Languard  Securing Active Directory and Group Policy  Anti Virus  Microsoft IIS  Cisco  Unix Desirable Professional Qualifications: CISSP, CISM, CISA, CISMP, CEH. ITIL based qualification(s). “As this role involves working with confidential information you will be required to be eligible for Security Clearance. To gain (SC) clearance you will normally have had to have been a resident in the UK for a minimum of 5 years.” To apply for the Info Security Analyst role please press the apply button and follow the link.Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.