Title: Visual Designer  UX / UI
Webindex: 71740421
Company: Monarch Recruitment
Description: Visual Designer  UX Designer, UI Designer, Visual Designer  Photoshop, Mobile, Illustrator A huge social network with massive global presence is seeking a visual designer with a UI/UX knowhow to produce compelling and pixel perfect interfaces and develop their successful brand. As the next visual designer to their join their team, who will have a number of responsibilities including strong design and project execution. These guys are the largest worldwide social network for interacting with new people. They deliver to ****s of millions of users everyday and have grown incredibly since their birth 5 years ago. The aim is to match partners by culture and location which has proved incredibly successful and has been the catalyst to bringing this company so much success and market presence. Situated as Central as can be in London, you will be amongst some of the best designers and developers in a quirky office with excellent benefits. Not only do you have an unlimited supply to fruit, tea and coffee (I know, I needn't carry on) but you have access to a number of other competitive benefits and you can do all of this from the roof top terrace these guys have. Hello lunch time tanning. Or rain dances. These responsibilities include:  working cross platform on mobile and web interfaces  designing innovative brand developments for mobile  creating the concept and creating this right through to completion  UX exposure  an interest or experience in this will be a real crowd pleaser Providing you have the essential skills this exciting and wellfunded company are looking for, this will be an ideal role for you:  you'll be a visual design expert  strong portfolio showcasing your work, your compelling designs and experience delivering excellent designs with fantastic interactivity  this is the most important part  flair for UX, this should come naturally as a strong designer  experience is mobile interface design is a must (these guys mainly work on a mobile application)  Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign  Design degree or equivalent If you have the skills they are looking for a believe you are up to the job as a senior visual designer, please apply with a copy of your CV and portfolio.