Title: Software Quality Assurance Executive
Webindex: 55410043
Company: JOBG8
Description: Software Quality Assurance Executive Location: Rickmansworth, England Sector(s): IT/Technical Salary: **** per annum Great Benefits Package Description: The key accountabilities are:  Researching and identifying software process standards and guidelines for use by projects. Maintaining the selected standards and guidelines.  Defining and maintaining the Software Quality Assurance Policy, and assessing compliance with the defined policies, processes and standards within it.  Providing training and coaching in software quality techniques.  Collect and report on relevant software quality metrics to help drive software process improvement.  Promoting use of software programming best practices to improve code quality such as static code analysis, code peer review, and continuous integration.  Reporting on code quality trends within our client's projects, including code quality KPIs. Identifying and maintaining coding standards for use by projects. Assessments and reviews of project adherence to our client's processes which relate to software delivery in the areas of Requirements, Design, Coding and Testing.  Promote use of existing code quality tools and evaluate new relevant code quality tools. Contributing to improvement of our client's processes which relate to software development. Contributing to strategic initiatives around software quality assurance. Knowledge, skills and experience:  Have a fundamental understanding of quality philosophies, principles, methods, tools and standards. Indepth knowledge of software engineering principles and best practices throughout the software development lifecycle, including requirements, design, coding and testing.  Influencing and negotiation skills  Conflict resolution skills to assist resolution of conflicting ideas and approaches on software development Understanding of effective peer review and inspection techniques Indepth knowledge of various software development methodologies such as Waterfall, Unified Process, Vmodel, Iterative and Agile.  Excellent technical experience and knowledge of the following: Unit testing techniques Code test coverage analysis Code quality analysis techniques Code review techniques Knowledge of objectoriented programming techniques. Knowledge of software quality assurance techniques and software process improvement approaches.  Understanding of software quality metrics. Drive for quality and improvement. Logical and accurate  approach to producing deliverables.  Technical writing ability to produce reports on findings and new ideas Good written and communication skills.  Presentation skills able to explain findings and ideas to a group. Desirable:  Knowledge of international standards in software quality such as ISO9000 and CMMI  Java  Software Configuration Management Principles  Understanding of relational databases, SQL and PL/SQL Qualifications:  Graduate level of desirable.  Masters level desirable. for the latest card and payment jobs