Title: Software Development Engineer  C, ASPNET
Webindex: 67784896
Description: Software Development Engineer / Project Engineer with strong C / ASP.NET skills and a good understanding of Object Orientated principals and design as well as having a good knowledge of SQL Server (or other DBMS system) and HTML. A leading supplier of inventory management systems is looking for an experienced Software Development Engineer with excellent C skills as well as having a good knowledge of SQL Server or other Database Management System (DBMS), VB6 and ASP.NET. This Software Development position is not limited to a desk job and will require someone who is equally happy in front of a customer as they are in front of a computer. You will be producing C applications in accordance with legacy systems or requirement specifications and be responsible for organising and maintaining supporting material to projects and applications developed. You will also be involved with Software Testing, advanced problem solving and bug fixing whilst providing a high level of support to end users and internal support team. Occasionally you may also be required to lead internal / external training sessions. Knowledge of the following technologies is a prerequisite unless other suitable experience can be demonstrated; Commercial C development Winforms and ASP.net SQL Server (or other DBMS system) Data analysis and modification through TSQL  or equivalent. HTML, Javascript, XML, AJAX (desirable but not essential) Strong understanding of Object Orientated principals and design. Understanding of cross platform and cross browser issues. Responsibilities will include; Producing C applications and ASP.Net based websites within a source control environment. Responsible for organising and maintaining supporting material to projects and applications developed. Logging and tracking issues through internal bug tracking and software management system. Liaising with Testing & Support Teams, providing advanced problem solving and bug fixing. High level technical support to end users. Liaise with Testing & Support Team to ensure transfer of knowledge upon successful completion of project(s). Lead internal/external training sessions/product walkthroughs where necessary. The role will involve some travel predominantly in and around Southampton, Portsmouth and Basingstoke but covering the rest of the country and Europe occassionally. The salary for the position of Software Development Engineer is between ****K. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.