Title: Incident/Problem Manager
Webindex: 69541453
Company: SCC
Description: Specialist Computer Centres  SCC is Europe?s largest independently owned IT services group. We have been established for over 38years, have over **** employees within Europe and a turnover in excess of **** billion . We deliver innovative, business critical and cost reducing IT solutions to both private and public sector organisations and we now have , due to continued demand for our services from both new and existing customer ,an exciting career opportunity for a talented Incident/Problem Manager to join us at our Call Response Centre in Birmingham . Overall Job Purpose: To ensure all events are actioned in an efficient and timely manner in order that service level agreement targets are met and customers expectations are satisfied . Duties will include :  Monitoring and liaison with incident owners throughout the life of an incident to ensure that actions to resolve the incident are completed within contract terms .  Ownership and management of high priority incidents through to resolution in line with designated service levels using Assyst service management application .  Ownership and management of problem records .  Coordination of planned service interruptions through to resolution .  Acting as the focal point of communication for the service desk and customer teams for major incidents .  To proactively maintain effective communication to users relative to outstanding events.  Present reports to customers .  Ownership of Management Alerting process.  Proactively monitor incident resolution, analyse and highlight trends and root causes to the Service Desk Manager / Problem Manager / Customer Manager and/or relevant support teams.  Input relevant service desk procedures in line with the support operation .  Liaise with 3rd party suppliers to ensure processes are in place to ensure prompt resolution to events .  Produce/review major incidents and flash reports together with problem register updates .  Identification and escalation of process failures to the service desk manager .  Incident trend analysis  Ownership of service interruptions and identification of service deficiencies .  Active promotion of Information Security best practice within areas of responsibility . Skills, Knowledge and Experience:  ITIL qualified  ITIL Foundation minimum .  **** plus years incident /problem management experience in a complex customer/supplier environment .  General technical awareness of hardware and software desktop environments and corporate structures .  Excellent interpersonal and customer facing skills .  Ability to handle difficult and demanding customer environments.  Ability to work unmanaged towards individual objectives associated with the role.  Excellent organisational skills and good attention to detail .  Valid driving license