Title: Ecommerce Consultant / Project Manager  London
Webindex: 68677988
Company: Saleslogic Ltd
Description: Ecommerce Consultant / Project Manager Ecommerce Platform / Digital Market place London Home Counties ****K Basic  bonus  Shares  Benefits Pioneers of the ecommerce/ digital market place are looking for a ecommerce consultant / Project Manager to join their UK team. They are a key player in the ecommerce world / Digital market place and are looking for someone with indepth ecommerce knowledge to work with their new enterprise clients in helping them find the best integration solution for their platform, and then project manage the implementation. These integration solutions are in house or 3rd party, the key is not to use in house solutions, but the best solution that best enables smooth integration with their platform and interaction with back office and warehouse. You will be responsible for full end to end project lifecycle from presales pitches, solutions scoping, customised solution documentation (RFI/RFP/POC), through to project management of the implementation. You will be commercially sharp and technically savvy and be able to break down and explain technical complexities to the nontechnical minded. In addition you will be able to manage muiltiple stakeholders who often have differing opinions and you need to ensure all parties are happy with the outcome. The ecommerce consultant/project manager will have a university degree in computer science or equivalent and possess strong technical knowledge of ecommerce systems. You should have a good blend of commercial and technical skills in relation to ecommerce and should be an accomplished Project Manager with the ability to consult at the highest level. This role will see you manage the full cycle from selling the solution to project managing the implementation, whilst managing all stakeholder relationships along the way  you should be skilled at all disciplines. This is a challenging role within an ecommerce giant. It will be fast paced and varied and will allow you to learn constantly and grow your knowledge base. If you would like to know more please send your details to Steven Landsborough via slsaleslogic.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EcommerceConsultantProjectManagerLondon_job****