Title: Team Lead Developer(NET)
Webindex: 68704039
Company: MBN Recruitment Ltd
Description: My client recognised nationwide is offering a once in a lifetime opportunity to join their development team as their new lead. My client have a proven track record of rapid career progression and rewarding their employees for their efforts. The purpose of this position is to be part of my client's Business to Business Development and Support team. You will be required to lead this team which will include taking responsibility of the permanent and contract developers to ensure a quality and timely delivery of all Business to Business changes. Key Responsibilities: • To manage the development team using appropriate Development methods (Agile/Waterfall) to ensure timely delivery of quality code. • To liaise with the Business Users on a regular basis to ensure a full understanding of requirements (functional, business value and priority). • To manage work allocation to all permanent and Contract Development staff. • To provide structured and agreed estimates for development work, creating Change Mandates where required and liaising with the Business Change Team. • To work with the IT Lead and other application teams (e.g. SAP, BCW, RSDW, AAHELP/RES) to ensure all aspects of a change are understood and considered within the solution. • To provide designs/solutions in consultation with the IT Lead and support the team to implement the agreed design. • To track the progress of all work through development, unit/system testing, UAT. • To ensure code quality through code reviews and adherence to TDD development model. • To ensure creation/maintenance of adequate system documentation. • To prepare handover of Releases to UAT environments via Support Team Personnel. • To conduct Development team members Personal Development Reviews. • To escalate any issues or areas for improvement to the Team Manager. Required Skills: • C • ASP.net • MVC • SQL Server 2008 • Agile Development • TDD (Test Driven Development) • Managing People • Delegation • Planning • Initiative • Leadership If Interested please send an up to date CV to haddon.mcphersonmbnrecruitment.com for a full job specification and more information. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TeamLeadDeveloperNET_job****