Title: ASPNET Developer Team Leader
Webindex: 69250038
Company: Gold Group Limited
Description: An ASP.NET Web Developer and Team Leader is required by a cutting edge travel organisation with a website generating over 7 million hits a month. The ideal candidates role is to develop and support the website, internal applications and integrate with other ecommerce products. Also lead the development team and be one point contact for the team and rest of the business. It is essential that you have experience of building complex websites using ASP.Net. The role is based in East Grinstead and pays up to **** plus benefits. The site has over ****K registered users and has won a number of awards. The site currently uses a number of .NET technologies including the Umbraco open source CMS, ASP.NET **** and Microsoft Bings maps. This role will involve working with and leading small group of developers, testers and the eCommerce team to deliver new online services. If you have any experience of the Insurance or Travel Tourism sectors that would be a benefit and ideally you need to live within an hour of East Grinstead. The skills you need to possess include: Good experience of building complex websites with ASP.NET Strong XHTML/CSS and javascript skills Proven experience of RESTful services, Web services, SOAP and XML Good experience in using SQL **** including stored procedures, optimisation and installation/configuration Source control and build processes (ideally Subversion) Proven experience in setting up Automated daily builds Experience in using No SQL databases like Redis Experience in building back office applications Proven experience in dealing with non technical users Proven experience in working as a team lead It would also be highly desirable if you had: ASP.NET MVC Good HTML5 experience Worked in a Scrum team Experience of using CMS software (Umbraco or any enterprise CMS), jquery and Bing/Google Maps Experience of integrating .NET websites with back office systems Microsoft certification Fantastic opportunity to work for a forward thinking company who are happy to invest in the latest technologies and who provide strong career development. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK s leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we ve got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview.