Title: Engineering Operations Manager
Webindex: 67115860
Company: Forces Recruitment Services  Ltd
Description: Job Role Reporting to the Managing Director the Engineering and Operations Manager has a key role in the transformation of the organisation into an efficient customer orientated business. This role is pivotal in working alongside the Managing Director to manage the company assets within the organisation, participate in the regeneration projects as well as ensuring the efficient operation of the business. This includes managing customers as well as the movements, maintenance of infrastructure and managing third party resources. Applications from suitably qualified exmilitary personnel (Royal Air Force, Royal Navy, British Army) may be particularly relevant for this position. Key Tasks and Responsibilities **** To lead the management of all assets and the renewal strategy identified in its Asset Review. **** To review and manage third party maintenance and engineering contracts to ensure best value for money and assured asset protection. **** To be a key liaison with existing and potential customers developing ongoing and long term business relationships. **** To work alongside the MD in the implementation of the Strategic Development Plan. **** To manage all operational movements and activities ensuring correct levels are maintained and the events diary is kept up to date ensuring resources are deployed to deliver an efficient and safe operation. **** To build relationships with key stakeholders and occupants to enable the longer term development of the business. **** To ensure financial targets are achieved and costs are controlled in accordance with annual budgets. Knowledge, Skills and Experience • A proven track record in engineering management is essential with some expertise in hydraulic asset management. • The ability to manage themselves and deliver results without supervision. • Previous experience in an Operational Environment. • Involvement in the development implementation of strategic business planning. • Previous budget management and control. • Experience of developing supplier relationships and contracts. • Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Office suite. Key Competencies • Commercial Awareness. • Considers the longterm business implications of the issues and situations. Is fully in touch with the needs of customers and is alive to threats and opportunities. Relationship Building Has a good understanding of customer needs (internal and external) and will initiate projects or other action to improve the performance as perceived by the customer. Will be able to effectively reconcile the interests of both the customer and this business. Influence, Negotiation and Impact Better than average ability to bring others to his/her point of view. Appeals to values and beliefs as well as logic and “numbers”. Has ability to assess people and situations quickly. Uses charisma, empathy and negotiating skills in order to achieve best outcome. Team Leadership Works well through others; creates a climate which encourages them to contribute. Has courage of his/her convictions; confronts difficult issues constructively and provides a lead for others. Gives and solicits honest feedback in order to improve performance and assist personal development. Strategic Thinking Has a strategic business focus. Has a good understanding of the issues affecting customers. Provides leadership in placing customers at the forefront of the team’s objectives. Communication Verbal and non verbal communication skills are obvious strengths. Written work is well organised and concise. Communicates at a level appropriate to the audience. Interested applicants will be expected to complete and return by email a simple application form to which CVs must be pasted.