Title: Computer Technicians
Webindex: 70623569
Company: Palatial Leisure Limited
Description: The London Palace Bingo Club is appointing **** Full Time Computer Technicians . We operate the largest number of handheld computers in any bingo club over **** in fact and some **** computer based fruit machines. These are in use at all times throughout the day so we are looking for Computer Technicians who are not just great with machines but great with people too and always ready to help customers regardless of what the problem might be. We are a family based business where we strive to maintain a high level of welcome and service whilst at the same time make everyone have a great time We are looking for energetic people with personality, drive and great customer skills and who behave in a mature and caring way, who are kind and would put yourself out for anyone and is a hard worker who works to perfection and if you feel you are one of these then this is something for you. . PLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING BEFORE APPLYING .The jobs of Computer Technician and Fruit Machine Technician will require weekend and evening working we are in leisure industry and Full Time is based on an approximate 40 hour week. HOW TO APPLY DO NOT SEND A CV but please follow the process below carefully: email vacanciesthepalaces.com marking the subject FULL TIME COMPUTER TECHNICIAN with a brief description of yourself and the last three positions you have held, why you left them and finally why you think this job is for you. I need to know what days you can or cannot work so it is important to include the days when you are available or alternatively days you are unable to work on. N.B. DO NOT SEND A CV at this stage as all we need is as described above at this stage so if you include a CV this will immediately reject your application as I want to hear from you, not a preprepared document which will say much the same as everyone else who applies. I want distinct individuals so be one and write to me and tell me how good you are and what you have achieved. It is vital at this stage to realise it involves working later in the day rather than mornings and also at weekends but eventually you will get one weekend day off. If you have not done this before please consider it carefully before applying to avoid wasting your time and mine. We will respond with a job description, application form and interview times and you will get the opportunity to give your full details then. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ComputerTechnicians_job****