Title: Web Conversion Analyst
Webindex: 68495170
Company: IT Works Recruitment Ltd
Description: Conversion Rate Optimisation Web Analyst Job Specification: We are looking for a Website Conversion Analyst to work within a fast paced eCommerce environment, with the primary role of increasing Ecommerce conversion rates through customer journey analysis, AB testing and usability checks. The successful candidate will be responsible for improving conversion rates through analysis, continuous optimisation and testing of website copy and functionality. Job Profile We are looking for an applicant with knowledge and/or experience of the Ecommerce industry. The nature of the role will demand that the successful candidate can drop straight into a busy working environment and help to increase conversion rates and maximise efficiency. Key Skills/Requirements; To have knowledge of Conversion Rate Optimisation (CRO). Experience of web analytics tools, specifically Google Analytics. Experience of Visual Website Optimiser and Google Analytics Experiments (was Google Website Optimiser) Experience of usability and UX tools eg. ClickTale or CrazyEgg. Online or offline sales and marketing experience. Experience of carrying out AB split testing and multivariate testing on websites is desirable. Identify areas of the website to conduct testing. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Usability design testing of high traffic/sales based webpages and checkout funnels. Understanding of website visitor psychology and customer journey awareness. Is able to demonstrate strong commercial awareness. Responsibilities To improve current levels of website conversion rates. Is comfortable working to specified KPI targets for each website. Ensures continuous improvement within the Conversion Rate Optimisation (CRO) arena to ensure that Trueshopping Ltd is at the leading edge of innovation. An eagerness to learn and keeping uptodate with trends and technologies. To liaise with Product Managers, Search Team and Web Developers/Designers. Gather ideas for areas of potential optimisation and report back on testing results progress. Qualifications Google Analytics qualification desirable. Web design experience desirable. Other web analytics or Ecommerce qualifications desirable.