Title: Web Developer (Java)
Webindex: 69019257
Company: Positive Selection
Description: Our client is in urgent need of an experienced professionalwho can undertake responsibilities developing and maintaining the web applications that run on Java web technologies (Servlets, JSPs, JavaScript, HTML, CSS) in the presentation layer. You will also require at least a basic knowledge of SQL coupled with a good knowledge of relevant computer programming. Training will be provided as necessary. The post holder will also contribute to the provision of computing support and other software development as needs arise. You will develop and maintain high quality software applications for the collection of data and the dissemination of results over the web, working primarily within a JSP/Java Servlet environment. You will also undertake programming aspects of web page development, writing JavaScript programs to validate web data entry and to provide other web functionality that may be required. Other responsibilities include writing high quality comprehensive specifications and technical documentation for the applications that are developed. Also working particularly with ORACLE. You will also organise user testing of software applications, to evaluate the results of tests and to make necessary corrections to the software and maintain and develop a good level of expertise in relevant aspects of Java web database operation to contribute to the systems administration of the computers and websites, including monitoring users, security, backups and resource use, and to provide advice to staff at all levels on a wide variety of computing topics. Candidates are expected to have skills and experience in database development, although they are not necessarily expected to have expertise in all of the areas listed in the relevant points **** to **** below when they take up the post. Appropriate specialist training will be given if necessary. A very good knowledge of Java programming and documentation, particularly with respect to the use of Java Servlets, JSP and large web applications. Knowledge of webrelated Frameworks (i.e. Spring, Struts, Hibernate) would be advantageous. Excellent web design and HTML skills, coupled with the ability to write JavaScript programs to run within web pages on various platforms (possibly including mobile devices). Knowledge of using AJAX to create asynchronous web applications. Ability to learn new technologies such as techniques for developing applications to run on native mobile platforms. Experience of web servlet container administration and configuration, and of deploying packaged web applications. A basic knowledge of database programming, particularly efficient design and the use of SQL to store, update and retrieve data. The ability to write clear and wellpresented requirement and specification documents. A working knowledge of Linux in a server environment, together with the use of Windows or Macs to perform development work. Ability to work effectively on own initiative, individually and within a small team