Title: Information System Analyst
Webindex: 70408159
Company: Inspire Resourcing
Description: A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an IT developer to join our worldwide engineering client. This prestigious market leader supplies products to Public, Private and Commercial sectors. They have been established for over 25 years and are increasing year on year their turnover and market share. A new role has been created for an Analyst to maximise the company systems and procedures. Their internal software systems are currently not used to full capacity and with this in mind our client understands the requirement for a Manager to join them. The Role Key tasks:  To ensure that our business systems develop to meet the changing needs of the business.  Direct liaison with all staff using our systems to establish limitations of the systems and to work with them to suggest and  Implement practical system solutions to resolve these limitations.  To be a central point for logging and escalating all system issues with the relevant external support provider.  Develop the custom reporting within our systems by consolidating and presenting relevant data held across different systems  Using a variety of tools including SQL, Excel and Crystal.  To have an understanding of XML to enable custom developments to the standard systems to be made to meet business needs.  Knowledge of Java or other object oriented languages to implement custom workflows to be added to our systems.  Recommend, and define, the dashboards and reports which should be used by the different functions and management team to enable proactive management of the business  Understand and assist in defining the database and information sets required to help drive the operational commercial growth of the business  Identify and introduce efficiencies to workflows via optimisation of system functionalities  Identify and prepare documented proposed recommendations for future development requirements to current systems  Evaluate and test future system modular releases prior to release into live environment  Undertake staff training Personal: To understand Information Systems from a users point of view Qualification showing understanding of SQL, XML and Java To be passionate about the need for the business systems to serve the users To translate users requirements into practical and pragmatic system solutions High standards of integrity with the ability to change adapt and grow Good sense of humour Performance driven energy and determination The ability to engage both system users and decision makers and to influence people at all levels Basic Salary: ****K Pension: Company Scheme with matched contributions Holidays: 23 days per year