Title: Mechanical Maintenance Fitter (Recycling)
Webindex: 68832594
Description: Mechanical Maintenance Fitter (Recycling) **** ****  **** **** Basic  Overtime  Prospects  Shift Work for a dynamic, recession proof mechanical engineering company that offers a job for the long term. Great opportunity for experienced maintenance fitters to earn a good package working on specialist machinery and equipment. This company are market leaders in the recycling industry, working with a huge range of clients across the UK. A motivated and experienced Maintenance Engineer / Fitter will benefit from working in an excellent team with realistic, long term opportunities to progress into a senior role in the future. The Role  Maintenance  planned preventative and breakdowns  Welding and fabricating (Mig)  4 on 4 off Continental Shift The Person  Maintenance of industrial equipment (dirty environment)  Experienced MIG Welder  Must be able to use Fabricating tools e.g. Angle Grinders.  Live commutable distance to site based in Kent. Apply now to: quoting reference number RP****eywords: Fabricator, mechanical fitter, waste processing, high tech, bespoke machinery, recycling, fitter, technically, preventative, reactive, maintenance, welding, fabricating, inspection, quality checks, mechanically, angle grinders, MIG welder. This vacancy is being advertised by Future Engineering Recruitment Ltd. The services of Future Engineering Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Please visit our website at futureengineer.co.uk to view other positions we are currently handling. Future Engineering Recruitment Ltd can only accept applications from candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. We will endeavour to respond to all applicants however due to the sheer volume of response, we can only guarantee that candidates who have been shortlisted will be contacted