Title: Graduate IT Developer
Webindex: 71431038
Company: Newcastle University
Description: Graduate Apprentices is a placement scheme run by Newcastle University. Graduate Apprentices offers an initial **** month introduction to a north east based organisation, which may lead to a permanent role. 93% of graduates from the 20092011 scheme were retained into permanent employment. The scheme is open to those who have graduated from a UK university in the last three years (i.e. 2010, 2011 or 2012 graduates). You must be either unemployed or not currently working in a graduate level position to be eligible. Since **** Aegis IT has been advising and supporting clients in delivering move value from their technology decisions and investments, to achieve competitive advantage. We now advise some of the largest companies in the area on all aspects of their technology and infrastructure investment choices. We have rapidly become one of the leading providers of technology solutions in the North of England. We are now looking for an ambitious IT Graduate / IT Developer to join our team who, after a short and intensive period of induction and training, will be seconded to one our major multinational customers operating within the region. Here the opportunities for development and growth are almost limitless This is a very exciting opportunity for someone looking to start a career in IT. Person Requirements: Technical skills:  .NET Technologies (Asp.NET, C.Net);  Microsoft SQL Server / Transact SQL;  VB (Visual Basic) v ****;  Web Scripting (JavaScript, ASP);  Oracle. Knowledge and experience in the following areas would also be useful:  Java;  Crystal Reports;  Visual Studio 2010;  Team Foundation Server;  XML;  SOAP;  Systems specification experience Business Analysis. Additional skills: Selfmotivated methodical approach to problem solving; Excellent verbal and written communications; Microsoft Certified would be considered an advantage. Successful applicants will be offered professional development opportunities as part of the role. Degree Discipline: IT or related discipline This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateITDeveloper_job****