Title: Linux System Administrator (Web / eBusiness Platforms) Leeds
Webindex: 68359634
Company: ReThink Recruitment
Description: Senior Linux System Administrator (Web / eBusiness Platforms) Leeds Senior Linux System Administrator equired by leading technology company to ensure availability, planning and management of hosted infrastructure and application services. You will work for one of the fastest growing companies in the ebusiness sector providing specialist webbased / SaaS solutions to a wide range of public and private sector clients. This is a key hire for the company during a period of growth and expansion, therefore the chosen applicant will play a vital role in supporting the expansion of the business. We will consider candidate with and without management experience, there is an opportunity for the right person to come in and lead a team of 3. The organisation works in an Agile way which means they expect our staff to be selfsufficient and to take responsibility for their work. The atmosphere is informal and relaxed. You will have fantastic opportunities to work on a wide range of projects and develop new skills. You will also benefit from a supportive working environment, internal training and development, including a pension and medical insurance. In return, they expect an individual who shares this commitment to help grow the business and achieve business goals. Key duties:  Be responsible for the live environment and manage the impact of changes across IT team and Internet Service Provider (ISP).  Be responsible for twentyfour/seven/**** uptime of web infrastructure, providing proactive fault identification and resolution.  Devise and produce appropriate Key Performance Indicators to assist the management team in directing the business. technical skills experience will cover the following  Linux  Essential  Amazon Web Services  Apache / Tomcat  Essential  ITIL  Network Monitoring  Performance Monitoring  Troubleshooting  Databases  especially Oracle  Capacity Planning We are acting as an Employment Agency This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/LinuxSystemAdministratorWebeBusinessPlatformsLeeds_job****