Title: Senior (Lead) PHP Developer at Creative Startup
Webindex: 72345872
Company: Yearbook Machine
Description: Yearbook Machine is a rapidgrowing technology startup company, supplying leavers' yearbooks to schools and universities across the UK. We were started by recent Cambridge and UCL graduates who, feeling that the existing options in the market were inadequate, decided to make a higherquality product than was available elsewhere. We have had considerable success: over the past two years our sales have grown more than tenfold, and we're looking to more than double in size again over the next six months. Our office is based in a bright and airy converted warehouse space in Shoreditch, London, which we share with a design company and another web startup. After spending a few years building the company to profitability, we're looking to expand over the coming year, and are seeking a bright and mature Senior Developer to join our team. You'll initially be the only dedicated developer on the team, and will be given significant input into which problems we solve and how to solve them. You'll also be trusted to lead other members of the team as we grow over the coming months, and will be expected to grow into the role of Lead Developer. Our founders are technical and we know how the best technology gets made, so you'll never be under unreasonable pressure to rush a job or settle for a suboptimal solution. But as a startup we do respect pragmatism and appreciate those who can work with precision and speed. Our stack is based around objectoriented PHP and is wellwritten and maintained, deploying with Capistrano and managing servers with Chef. We think that we have a good setup already but we're always improving things, and we'll expect you to improve things, too. We don't expect you to have used every piece of our stack before, but you'll need to be able to get up to speed quickly as we're just entering our busiest period of the year and your contribution in the coming months will be vital. This position offers varied, interesting work, autonomy and real responsibility, a relaxed but intelligent working environment and the satisfaction of building a good product for happy customers. We're excited about what's in store for us in the future and are looking forward to building a worldclass technical team to allow us to continue building better products. If this sounds appealing to you, then please apply Requirements  Fluency in PHP, SQL and UNIX systems  Strong knowledge of modern web frameworks (Zend / Symfony or equivalent)  Strong knowledge of backend development bestpractices, including TDD and implementing clean REST APIs  Maturity and professionalism; the ability to lead others  Good level of knowledge in frontend development (HTML5 / CSS3 / JS / JQuery)  Curiosity; uptodate with latest tech  Friendly, positive attitude  Eligible to work in the UK Good to have  Knowledge of any or all of the following: Nginx, Redis, Memcached, Chef, Capistrano  Knowledge of latest frontend development frameworks and best practices (Backbone, Angular, Coffeescript etc)  A history of creating independent projects and/or contributing to Open Source Salary ****k, depending on experience NO RECRUITERS, PLEASE This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorLeadPHPDeveloperatCreativeStartup_job****