Title: Network Engineer  CCNA
Webindex: 68846566
Company: Perfect People Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Network Engineer  CCNA Location: London, City Salary: up to ****k basic plus 10% bonus plus benefits Working for a Global Managed Service provider you will be permanently based onsite at a major financial institution supporting the Network Operations team in their day to day activities via the application and utilisation of the Incident Management process commencing with raising support requests from email/telephone through to resolution and beyond in the form of incident reviews and escalations. Perform level 1 technical diagnostics on Incidents and allocate/escalate to level 2 support specialists if necessary. Work as part of the onsite team to ensure an effective and quality service is provided. MAIN DUTIES / KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES  Assist with answering customer Networking requests / incidents via email or telephone and creating a Service Request ticket on relevant system.  Liaison with customers to clarify incident details and collate information where appropriate.  Escalation of service request / Incidents through appropriate channels and levels as required.  Ensure all relevant documentation is kept up to date and is under Change control  Perform Level 1 technical troubleshooting on Event / Incident diagnosis of client s infrastructure including servers and networks.  Work as part of a shift rota as required  Other tasks/projects as directed by the Team Leader. KEY SKILLS EXPERIENCE  Operations environment, dealing with Operational support issues.  CCNA or equivalent  Basic understanding of Ethernet, Spanning Tree, TCP/IP, Routing (RIP, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP)  An indepth knowledge of Operational processes  Experienced in ITIL best practices and holding an ITIL Foundation certification as a minimum  Comprehensive understanding of Network Topology to include practical experience of supporting Firewalls (Checkpoint / Juniper), Routers (Cisco), Switches (Cisco, Arista), Load Balancers (F****).  Strong experience with network monitoring / management tools/ analysis tools  Good communications and interpersonal skills  Previous experience of performing hardware changes within a Data Centre environment.