Title: Junior Business Analyst (Financial, IT, Equities)
Webindex: 71306455
Company: Araya Partners Ltd
Description: Financial Services Company who produces integrated automated trading platforms for use in realtime algorithmic trading is looking for a Junior Business Analyst with 23 years max experience as a BA. The successful candidate will form part of a new subteam within the Financial Data group focused on analysis and investigatory work across a variety of key data sets. Focus will be geared towards data analysis for internal projects and processes. This is a new role and so much of the requirements will be defined by the candidate’s ability to take on responsibilities and support developers in a variety of ways. The remit and responsibilities will expand as time progresses. This is a business focused role, rather than IT. The successful candidate: Will work between the Quantitative trading group and various internal developers. Will be expected to define, deliver and work within an agile development process. Will gather business requirements and translate into functional and non function solutions Will participate in projects utilising analysis skills, testing and procedure definition. Will define and develop process improvements leading to the tobe processes Conducting detailed analysis of various data sets Will develop and maintain effective working relationships within the team and across the business. Applicants will require the following: Strong academics MUST be to degree level Good appreciation of system designs, although this is not a development role, the candidate will work closely with them. A solid technical  financial background. Experience in the financial sector is essential. Solid understanding of various asset classes (Equities, commodities, derivatives) Knowledge of key financial data (Vwap, Tick Data, news feeds etc) Technical requirements Excel fluency Bloomberg (Inc API) Various market data platforms SQL This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JuniorBusinessAnalystFinancialITEquities_job****