Title: Business Analyst  Gloucester  ****k
Webindex: 71148156
Company: Computer Futures
Description: Gloucester  Business Analyst  ****k Computer Futures are currently looking for a Senior Business Analyst to join a local government organisation in the Cardiff area. Logica's Security and Identity Management practice is currently looking Business Analysts to join their busy practice working on a number of secure Government programmes. We are looking for Analysts who have experience of working in this environment. The roles will involve working on secure Government projects and as such will require applicants to possess the highest level Government Security Clearance  DV clearance. This is mandatory due to the nature of the work. To apply, you must be willing and able to undergo the UK's vetting process. NonUK nationals applying for vacancies where a security clearance is a mandatory requirement, must meet the UK's residency criteria in order for their application to be considered. Any person unable to meet these requirements should not apply. As a Business Analyst you will be responsible for supporting the client across a number of projects and the role involves capturing requirements, defining the way their business will operate and outlining a roadmap for getting there. The roles also require a requirement capture background, strategic thinking, the ability to abstract the requirements away from a technical solution, leading to a detailed understanding of what the client wants to do and then proposing the best way of achieving this. You will be used to working within the constraints of the client's methodologies, system delivery frameworks or through introducing the client to best practice, in to produce good concise documentation. You will also need clear communication, creative thinking and an evidencebased, structured approach to the issues. Essential skills  Defining Visions  Producing strategies and roadmaps  Requirements capture and prioritisation  Process modelling and mapping  High standard of written English  Clientfacing Experience Problem Solving and Analytical Thinking. Desirable Skills: Experience of a number of the following with accreditation where possible:  Presentation Skills (PowerPoint  Expert)  UML and Use Case Experience  Business Case writing  Workshop and Meeting facilitation  Experience of working with Business Change Consultants  Benefits Identification and Mapping. We can offer excellent variety of project workloads and also structured career development. This is developed in conjunction with your line manager to enable you to take control of your career. Suitable candidates will be interviewed immediately if this role seems of interest and you have the skills required please reply with an up to date version of your CV. To find out more about Computer Futures please visit www.computerfutures.com