Title: 2nd Line Support  Desktop, Networking, Windows, Cisco
Webindex: 69018769
Company: Premier Group Recruitment
Description: 2nd Line Support My large IT Support client is currently looking for a solid 2nd Line Support Engineer to work in the Milton Keynes area. The role will consist of travelling to client sites and will be covering a maximum of a **** hour radius of the Milton Keynes area. The role has become available due to increasing project requirements, my client is currently looking to recruit an additional handson, proactive 2nd Line Support Engineer. The role will also be responsible for providing all types of technical support including desktop, network and cabling. It is essential the successful candidate can show a proven record of working on their own initiative and within a team, as well as clear record of going that extra mile to meet the customers requirements. For this position the successful candidate s selfmotivated, can do and flexible attitude is as important to us as their technical knowledge. Responsibilities of these roles will entail: Based on a customer location providing general technical support as required Troubleshooting technical issues and faults working through to resolution Producing wiring and configuration documentation and ensuring it is kept up to date Installation of hardware, both desktop and network Support of telephony environment including installation of phones and carrying out visual line checks. Cabling as required such as management, labelling, installation VIP support both within workplace and at their homes Providing regular oncall technical support and assistance Required skills and knowledge: Any Microsoft or Cisco qualification preferred. At least 3 years hands on customer support Experience of supporting users at all levels within an organisation Telephony support experience preferred Knowledge of both fibre and copper cabling and relevant installation experience. Selfmotivated, passion to go that extra mile to ensure customer satisfaction Extremely good and demonstrable Interpersonal and organisational skills Ability to communicate effectively and clearly to both IS and business staff Ability to perform multiple varied tasks and projects Strong service attitude ability to build strong customer relationships Full clean driving licence and own transport essential There is also the chance to earn out of hours pay and all work travelling will be paid for. If you are a solid Desktop Engineer with experience of cabling and networking then please send me your updated CV as this is an immediate role with interviews being arranged asap