Title: PHP Web Developer  London  ****k to ****k
Webindex: 68375045
Company: Computer People  Limited
Description: A fun and funky digital company is currently seeking a Web developer to work with them and their blue chip clients. This is a great company with a superb atmosphere. The working day starts at 9.30am and ends at 6pm giving you the chance to avoid the crazy rush hour or do the school run in the morning if you have kids. The company does annual salary reviews and does operate a performance related bonus review too. You will be working alongside a dedicated team of cuttingedge Web and Mobile developers, in a fastpaced environment to deliver quick turnaround projects for these big name clients they work with. You will be an experienced Web Developer with a portfolio of Apps that take advantage of the Facebook Platform API, running within the Facebook frame, or as standalone websites. Your strength will be on PHP backend development, but will also have very strong frontend programming skills, knowing how to explore both the Facebook SDK for PHP and for JavaScript. Also their preferred platform will be Unixbased systems (Mac, Linux). Your will be required to: Participate in brainstorming and briefing meetings. Provide time estimates. Setup and maintain your own working environments. Test your own code in different platforms, using the tools provided. Participate in Agilebased morning catchups. Provide consultancy on the latest Facebook Platform specifications and features. Report to the Lead Web Developer and the Tech Lead. Languages and Frameworks Skills Required: Facebook Platform API PHP, CodeIgniter, Cake, Zend, Joomla HTML5, CSS3 and legacy versions JavaScript jQuery and/or MooTools Nice skills to have but not essential: Ability to own a project from settingup to deployment. Responsive Web Design (CSS3 Media Queries) Git and GitHub Able to set up and config a LAMP environment SASS and Compass Flash/ActionScript If you would like to be considered for this excellent opportunity, please apply via this advert ASAP with your up to date CV.