Title: Desktop Support Officer x****  Corporate Services [Enhanced DBS/CRB required]
Webindex: 65763945
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Desktop Support Officer x2  Corporate Services [Enhanced DBS/CRB required] Reference no: Bracknell **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: RG****2 1 What s involved with this role: To assist in recording, tracking and prioritising incidents firstline making an initial assessment of requests, attempting to resolve them or referring them to another support team who can. To be able to communicate with users in a professional, empathetic manner, with the ability to reason and effectively troubleshoot their problem with an understanding of the business needs. To assist in providing first line technical support and administration for all existing desktop systems/applications in use by the Council, including visits to remote sites. To assist in installing desktop systems and applications ensuring that the supporting documentation is entered into the CMDB. To maintain a good knowledge and understanding of systems and services provided by the section by attending internal and external training courses. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Appropriate qualifications in English and Mathematics, or evidence of similar Minimum of 12 months experience using Windows 2000/XP Operating Systems, and the maintenance of systems, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation PC Hardware installation and Software Distribution experience Full clean Driving Licence and own car Ability to work out of hours occasionally Microsoft Office skills Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Evidence of or a strong interest in developing appropriate technical experience and./or knowledge, with preference given to formal qualifications Exposure to work in a technical support team either Helpdesk or Desktop support An interest in MS Office technical desktop support in a PC LAN environment Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Corporate Services/ICT/Desktop Support Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 5 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited