Title: ERP Manager  OpenERP  Agile  Digital Retail
Webindex: 69733749
Company: Burns Sheehan Limited
Description: ERP MANAGER OPENERP  ERP SYSTEMS PROJECT MANAGEMENT PYTHON SYSTEM ECOMMERCE One of the biggest success stories in the world of online retail are looking for an ERP Project Manager As an ERP Manager you will report directly to the CTO, and have responsibility of project managing all development work and training of the use of ERP within the company. You will also architect and document solutions based on requirements from the management team. You should have a keen interest in OpenERP, an interest in the world of online retail and how you could add value. This dotcom currently use Open ERP, a Python system which they have modified to suit their business model. This dotcom have been hugely successful with rapid expansion since their launch, listed in the Telegraph as as one of the Best Tech Startups in 2011, and after only a few years in trading are planning to push into Europe. This ECommerce company sells all of its products straight through the web, with turnover growing at approx ****0% per month The company (still with a startup feel) has 600% profitability and with phenomenal growth has grown **** to **** employees. They also have beautiful, spacious offices in London and Shanghai. They use showrooming where consumers browse physical products instore before ordering online, which allows them to offer the best prices and improve their online retail experience. This huge dotcom believe that they are part of a new ecommerce trend which is seen to be very experimental. Were looking for experience in:  Experience working with an ERP system this company currently uses OpenERP but can train people with experience using other systems such as Netsuite, SAP or CherryPy  Supply chain management  Stock management  Accounting  Supplier and purchase management  Sales  Warehouse management  Despatch and carrier management You will also need:  Experience with project and team management  Ability to create project plans  Worked to tight deadlines with ease  Experience working within Agile teams would also be a great benefit If you are an ERP Manager with the above experience, looking to work with one of the most exciting online retailers, please apply now Burns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds.