Title: Telecoms Consultant  Networks, Design, Cisco
Webindex: 69042012
Company: Streamline Connections
Description: Telecoms Consultant  Networks, Design, Cisco No. of positions4 Summary of Position Ratify designs and propose suggestions where required adopting criteria such as: To ensure that both the end client and other third party telecoms solutions are validated against the strategic direction of the client Assess the viability of alternative telecommunications technologies, and keep abreast of the advancing telecommunications technologies in the market. Ratify the service offerings of all telecoms operators match the E****E service requirements of the client. The job holder will be responsible for delivering the proposed solution within cost and timescale. This to be accomplished using rigorous project control methodology as conforms to the following: To assess, plan, control and implement telecommunications services and solutions to both internal and external customers. Produce project plans, manage and liaise with external service providers to ensure projects are delivered on time and within budget. Manage negotiations with suppliers for new products and services to ensure maximum benefit at minimum costs can be achieved from external suppliers. Manage resources to ensure that those necessary are available to meet all implementation needs and seek adhoc external resources to supplement peak implementation workload. Promote implementation standards and ensure the highest quality of customer service. To develop, promote and manage the communications interfaces between the New Business Development, Service Management, Administration and Finance, Technical support teams and Implementation teams. Ensure that escalation routes exist within the all organisations being dealt with. Be part of the telecommunications service reviews. Liaise with the TDA community on all customer requirements. Ensure the validity of reporting mechanisms exist for all services. The successful candidate will be responsible for managing the external customer interface through arranging regular progress implementation meetings and ensuring the customer expectations are realised and any modifications are incorporated in the plan and relayed to the numerous hardware implementers, whilst ensuring the bidding team are made aware of changes to reinvoice the customer. The project engineer will project manage the implementation and own all customer issues. The post holder will seek solutions to these problems and manage the different external installers to ensure the project is delivered successfully. This role has SC clearance as mandatory due to the nature of the work. To apply, you must be willing and able to undergo the UK's vetting process. NonUK nationals applying for vacancies where a security clearance is a mandatory requirement, must meet the UK's 5 year residency criteria in order for their application to be considered. Any person unable to meet these requirements should not apply My client is a leading consultancy who currently employ over **** people, they provide outsourcing, consulting and business process services to a range of clients. Experience Qualifications Sound general education to at least Degree (BSC) level equivalent. Excellent skills in Telecoms area. Appreciation of Wintel, SAN, Unix would be advantageous A track record of success within the Telecoms arena Have experience with Designing and troubleshooting networks and have experience with liaising with end customers and describing technical proposals. Technical document writing is also required. Good communication skills both verbally and in writing. Able to communicate complex ideas clearly and concisely to both technically competent and lay audiences. Acknowledged expert in working with telecoms technology. Package Benefits Applicants will receive an excellent benefits package including: Contributory Pension scheme, with company contribution up to 8% or Home Purchase Scheme; Life assurance up to 4 times salary; 25 days paid holiday and rising to 30 days after 10 years; Private Medical insurance; Salary Continuation in sickness; Health Screening; Share Schemes. In addition to this all employees are enrolled in a flexible benefits scheme allowing them to buy and sell benefits including holidays, additional insurances, childcare vouchers and retail vouchers. Telecoms Consultant  Networks, Design, Cisco This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TelecomsConsultantNetworksDesignCisco_job****