Title: Senior Consultant  IT Security / IT Risk Consulting
Webindex: 68673669
Company: Robert Half Technology
Description: The Company Robert Half Technology is seeking a number of highcalibre Senior Consultants for a leading international IT Consultancy based in the West End of London. The company employs over **** consultants in Europe and operates in seven countries across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. The consultancy is hiring due to increased demand for their services and can offer a variety of interesting projects working with two thirds of the FTSE 100 organisations as well as diverse, bluechip firms in Europe and further afield if desired. Having been born out the Big Four, it offers all of the rigour and calibre associated with that without the bureaucracy or layers to work through to achieve rapid progression. Candidates from a Big 4 practice will find the ability to break out of a narrow focus on IT Audit into a broader consulting role particularly appealing. The Role All Consultants have direct, clientfacing engagement responsibilities in the delivery of specific projects. The projects are extremely varied across:  IT Governance Risk (which included IT Strategy IT Operations Improvement)  IT Security Privacy (Security Strategy, Identity Access Management , Data Security/Leakage Privacy Management, Vulnerability Penetration Testing) as well as assisting clients with Managing Applications (principally GRC ERP) and Data. Senior Consultants have primary responsibility for direct supervision of Consultants in executing project work plans. Senior Consultants serve as both role model and trainer demonstrating the attributes of excellent client service and assists team members in developing technical and professional competency. Senior Consultants also learn to identify areas of risk and opportunities to improve business processes. SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES  Reviewing, documenting, evaluating and testing controls in a wide range of environments.  Communicating control strengths and weaknesses to the client or internal engagement team and developing effective solutions  Ensure timely completion of assigned project phases Develop and maintain effective client relationships  Apply understanding of company policies and proficiency in methodologies  Apply understanding of business processes and technical skills to successful completion of project assignments  Develop understanding of project requirements and client s business  Preparing audit reports on findings and recommendations to senior management.  Participating in the review of internal controls as described in the SarbanesOxley Act ****  Supervise and train project personnel ABILITY TO TRAVEL: The position requires an average of 50% outoftown travel to client work sites ESSENTIAL EDUCATIONAL PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS, SKILLS EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:  Strong intellect, with a Bachelor s degree in relevant discipline (e.g. Accounting, Computer Information Systems) or equivalent  Solid experience in a related field, preferably in professional services and/or industry Professional Certification such as CPA, CISA strongly preferred  A diverse skill base in IT auditing / information assurance with Big 4 experience in IT Audit strongly preferred  Knowledge of SarbanesOxley Act provisions and methodologies for achieving compliance  Strong prior project management and supervisory skills  Strong interpersonal skills to interact in team environment and foster client relationships Salary Benefits ****  **** car  bonus Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorConsultantITSecurityITRiskConsulting_job****