Title: Welsh Medium & Bilingual Trainer / Assessor in IT, Admin & CS
Webindex: 72451106
Company: The CAD Centre  Ltd
Description: Post Title: Welsh Medium Bilingual Trainer / Assessor in IT, Admin and Customer Service Responsible to: Centre Manager, Internal Verifier’s and Assessment Verification Manager Job Purpose The primary role of a trainer / assessor is the delivery of high quality work based learning and the assessment of a candidate’s performance and related knowledge in a range of tasks and to ensure the competence and knowledge meets the requirements of the City Guilds awarding body standards for NVQ frameworks. External Trainer / Assessors will visit candidates in their place of work. The achievement of NVQ outcome targets to contribute to the company’s overall objectives.Trainers / Assessors therefore need to have occupational expertise in the areas to be assessed.They will be required to update their expertise by being involved in professional development activities.The Welsh Medium/Bilingual Trainer/Assessor will be required to deliver the training and conduct reviews and complete any relevant associated documents in Welsh, however, where the learner has opted for bilingual provision, some of the delivery may be conducted in English. Key duties and responsibilities Carry out an initial assessment and induction with the candidate before training commences on their chosen qualification and establishing the correct course route and level to be undertaken Complete starter paperwork with the candidate to enrol them on to the scheme and then throughout the duration of the training scheme complete all necessary paperwork according to CADCentre, and DELLS/SfA procedures including reviews, onsite logs, assessment activities, as required for audit purposes and within specified deadlines. To strive to meet targets and profiles as set by your centre manager. To teach and train candidates until they reach the required standard for assessment ensuring that the candidates Individual Learning Plans are followed, kept up to date and candidates are visited in line with required procedures. All training and development activities to follow company procedures and monitoring, Carry out Health Safety Vetting and Monitoring visits within the occupational areas (when trained to do so), and assist in identifying where development plans are required. Ensure the candidate is aware of current legislation relating to them and all concerned with their assessment especially in equal opportunities and health and safety. Assess evidence of the candidates competence against the national standards of occupational competence within the qualification, following guidance on assessment practice and completion of documentation as set out by the CADCentre and Awarding Body (City Guilds). Explaining the assessment process fully to the candidate and others involved, e.g. employer, supervisor, and provide the candidates with prompt, accurate and constructive feedback. Maintain accurate candidate assessment and achievement records which can then be subjected for internal verification, alwayskeeping the internal verifier and centre manager up to date with regards to candidate progress Praise, motivate and provide constructive feedback to learners, both verbally and formally Implement IV and EV feedback as and when requested Attend regular standardisation meetings within the company to ensure consistency with other assessors and tutors Share good practice and tips with other assessors and internal verifiers Following company procedures with regard to demonstrating commitment to equality of opportunity and any other antidiscriminatory practice, ensure maintenance of confidentiality of sensitive information. Other responsibilities To behave in a positive and professional manner at all times when representing the company. General housekeeping duties, ensuring the centre is kept tidy. External Trainer / Assessors must follow the company’s motoring procedures and policy. Any other duties as requested by Centre Manager, Head Office Admin, General Manager or Director’s Knowledge, Skills and Experience. Assessors of NVQs must hold appropriate assessor qualifications as approved by the regulatory authorities, or be working towards such qualifications and completing within ****8 months of commencement of the role. Assessors not holding the appropriate qualifications must always have their assessment decisions checked and countersigned by a qualified assessor Qualifications or Training Good standard of education: minimum HNC/HND or equivalent. Excellent IT Skills in Microsoft packages D**** / A1 Award (or training towards) Fluent Welsh, both written and verbal Experience Relevant experience in the occupational area. Practical Skills Ability to demonstrate clear written and verbal communication skills including report writing skills. Ability to develop and design effective learning programmes to meet the needs of candidates. To demonstrate and be highly self motivated and organised. The ability to motivate candidates. Effective Customer Care Skills The ability to make informed decisions whilst being aware of the consequences Able to contribute to training and to facilitate and partake in support groups for candidates and assessors A recognition and regard for observing confidentiality The capacity to work as part of a team. An ability to work in own initiative and meet set timescales, and to liaise with Internal Verifiers and Centre Managers This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WelshMediumBilingualTrainerAssessorinITAdminCS_job****