Title: PMO  Senior  Leeds  ****K to ****K
Webindex: 68628500
Company: Larson Group
Description: PMO Analyst  Senior  Leeds PMO Analyst required to join this leading commercial organisation that are located in the centre of Leeds to work alongside a Programme Manager to maintain schedules, risk logs etc. We are looking for an experienced and Senior PMO who is looking to take that next step up. You must have private sector experience. We are looking for someone who can really take ownership and drive, this is not an Administrator role. The key message is that this is not just an administrator role. We will require the person appointed to assist in the shaping of a major multi million pound programme and to support work stream leaders who will be senior business experts but who are not Project Managers. As a PMO Analyst you will be responsible for tracking progress of all requests coming into the PMO, monitoring project progress, coordinating delivery dates, and maintaining financial controls and systems, including budgeting for all project expenditure. The PMO Analyst will also be expected to collate and track resource allocation against current and future requirements, as well as creating Key Performance Indicator (KPI) information and presenting back to group IT and business stakeholders. Responsibilities: Review projects to ensure they meet minimum project standards and are fully auditable for stakeholders/clients and or customers to review. Work with Project Management teams to update and improve project methodologies Update a Resource Management Database to reflect resources on project plans and update rollon and rolloff dates Maintain financial controls and systems for recording, monitoring, forecasting and budgeting of all project expenditure Raise/Update Risks, Issues and dependencies on behalf of project owners to Senior Stakeholders/Head Of PMO Skills and knowledge: Previous experience working as a PMO Analyst or Coordinator Ability to use Microsoft Office products to a good standard, including MS Project, Visio, PowerPoint SharePoint Administration Project documentation creation review Excellent interpersonal and communication skills Strong organisational and time management skills and a high level of customer focus Passionate in achieving aims and objectives Work under pressure with minimal supervision Please apply ASAP for initial telephone interview.