Title: Junior IT Helpdesk Support
Webindex: 72161424
Company: Harris  Global
Description: Junior IT Helpdesk Support, ITIL, Junior Helpdesk, Helpdesk, Service Desk, Desktop, IT Support, London, Windows, Active Directory, Microsoft Office, Management, Jnr IT Support, Jnr IT Helpdesk Support, ITIL, Junior Helpdesk Support, Helpdesk, Service Desk, Desktop, Junior Service Desk, Windows, Active Directory, PC Build, Laptop Builds, IT Support. Junior IT Helpdesk Support  London, c****k  Benefits A fantastic opportunity has arisen for Junior IT Helpdesk Support working for a financial services company based in London offering huge scope for both technical and career progression. The successful Junior IT Helpdesk Support will require experience managing a Helpdesk queue and ensure all calls are responded to in a required timescale. The Junior IT Helpdesk Support will be responsible for troubleshooting, Software installation, building PC's and Laptops. The ideal candidate will require strong communication skills and academic background with the dedication to learn. The Junior IT Helpdesk Support will require the following: Educated to A level standard. Minimum of **** to 2 years' experience in a similar or relevant role. Social and customer service skills are very important as this is a customer facing role A very detail oriented individual who is results and procedure driven The ability to work well within a team to meet SLAs. Strong experience within a highly structured financial organisation Knowledge of commodities business and trading environments Candidates must be willing and able to learn bespoke business applications to a support level. Windows XP and 7, Office 2010 Citrix Active Directory PC/Laptop Hardware and peripherals (printers) Remedy and Manage Engine helpdesk tool Arcserve (Backups/Restores) Good working knowledge of remote technologies such as RDP. Blackberry and BES administration Desk moves Any exposure to trading applications would be a bonus For full details of this excellent Junior IT Helpdesk Support opportunity please send your CV t Junior IT Helpdesk Support, ITIL, Junior Helpdesk, Helpdesk, Service Desk, Desktop, IT Support, London, Windows, Active Directory, Microsoft Office, Management, Jnr IT Support, Jnr IT Helpdesk Support, ITIL, Junior Helpdesk Support, Helpdesk, Service Desk, Desktop, Junior Service Desk, Windows, Active Directory, PC Build, Laptop Builds, IT Support.