Title: Business Analyst, Retail/InStore Systems  Leicester
Webindex: 66926219
Company: Cordius
Description: IT Business Analyst, Retail, InStore Systems, Business Change Analyst, Change Management, Business Process Mapping, Reengineering, Project Planning/Prince**** Leicestershire, East Midlands. The primary role of the Business Analyst is to work with the business stakeholders to assess current and future processes, with a view to capturing detailed requirements, identifying solution options and providing pragmatic, balanced recommendations. Essential in assuring the solution design and evaluating how this fulfils the requirements, understanding the business impact of changes, and working with the business and test team in supporting the solution sign off through effective testing and business process change delivery. Essential Experience: Comprehensive understanding and experience of a Retail/InStore environment. Excellent research and analysis skills with strong problem solving skills and the ability to analyse existing systems for enhancements and support resolutions. Have a proven ability to analyse complex systems and processes accurately and create functional specifications based on that analysis. Excellent written and oral communication skills at all levels of the business. Strong communicator with an ability to constructively challenge, facilitate and probe to fully understand the business need, as well as excellent listening skills. Excellent interpersonal skills in order to build up and maintain effective relationships. Ability to produce an advanced level of documentation such as Data Flow Diagrams, Process Flow Diagrams etc. Ability to think strategically and develop creative and innovative solutions to problems. Experience of formal Business Analysis methodology. Desirable Experience: Experience of user interface design and the ability to create prototypes and wire frames Salary: ****  ****  Bonus  Excellent Benefits Location: Leicestershire (Commutable from Warwickshire, Northamptonshire, Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire) Celebrating nearly 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates. We recruit Permanent and Contract Programme Manager, Change Manager, Functional Consultant, Senior Project Manager, Senior Business Analyst, Business Analyst, Project Manager, Project Coordinator, Junior Business Analyst and Project Planning jobs across the Midlands