Title: SAP Integration Data Man
Webindex: 70251770
Company: Jobs@Pertemps   London City
Description: SAP Integration Data Manager A large transport company based in South East London is currently seeking a SAP Integration Data Manager for 10 months, starting immediately, the successful candidate will be able to travel around different locations within the business, and they are looking to pay **** per day, and the candidate must be available immediately. Duties and Accountabilities: This is a hands on role as well as project management. Identify the differences in the Powerlink SAP system and map across to the system, integrate all employees onto the SAP system, including historical data. Liaison with other colleagues in IM, Finance and HR, to identify differences in policies, processes and payroll Skills Experience required: Experience of: managing projects in a complex environment. working in HR and IM or can demonstrate the management of projects that cross both of these functional areas. Experience of using SAP Carry out work associated with TUPE. Should have a recognised project management qualification. Can demonstrate knowledge and understanding of SAP. Experience of Data Migration. Powerlink Project Manager As part of the Powerlink TUPE approximately **** employees will transfer The transfer date is 16th August 2013. As the policies, procedures, rosters, payroll and how Powerlink use SAP will be different we require an Integration/Implementation Manager to:  Identify the differences in the SAP systems  Identify changes required to functionality in SAP  If changes to functionality how long to build and test  Map across to the current system  Integrate all employees onto the system  Self service requirements  Training requirements on SAP  Identify what information is required to transfer  How much historical will be required to transfer The post holder will be required to work closely with IM and Finance. The Head of HR for APD is the HR Lead for this project and will manage the post holder on a day to day basis. The HR work stream does have a plan but does not have all the elements in place to build the differences from one SAP system to another, as not sure of the scope. All other work streams i.e. IM should have a plan but would not be looking what has to be built to ensure the migration can take place. Key Skills  Experience in data migration of employee data from one Enterprise system to another (SAP to SAP)  Experience with data migration tools (such as LSMW)  Core project management skills, such as project planning etc  It would be beneficial if the post holder has experience of SAP ONLY SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES WILL BE CONTACTED.  Pertemps is an Equal Opportunities Employer This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAPIntegrationDataMan_job****