Title: Infrastructure Maintenance Manager
Webindex: 69019580
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Infrastructure Maintenance Manager **** Coventry Role Objective:  Responsible for the management of the SAP Infrastructure Maintenance budget, ensuring that investment in maintenance is based on sound business cases.  Working with Technical Project Managers, Solution Designers, Technical Architects, Technical Support staff and Third Parties to convert requirements into the ongoing maintenance plan  Develop, maintain and promote Infrastructure Maintenance Plan(s) and associated business case(s) including submission for budgetary approval and subsequent release of funds  Working with IS Strategy to ensure that maintenance activities align to current strategy and that maintenance activities act as a technical input into future strategy and design.  Carry out quality assessments of technical implementation plans and solution designs to ensure that they can be physically maintained once in live operation  Ensure the configuration management database and infrastructure build documentation are maintained in line with maintenance activities.  Adopt and implement the required techniques and processes to ensure the ongoing production of a comprehensive and proactive maintenance plan and to track auditable progress against the plan  Coach infrastructure specialists and ****d Party Suppliers to ensure consistent application of the maintenance processes  Coach project managers to ensure that project deliverables apply and adhere to the latest maintenance standards  Manage virtual teams of infrastructure specialists implementing identified maintenance activities  Will contribute towards the process whereby external accreditation (e.g. ISO2000**** and ISO2****00) can be gained for Services.  Is responsible for all relevant governance processes involved in delivery of the relevant maintenance activities Experience: In order to succeed in this role it is expected that you will have: Significant experience across multiple technologies.  Technical knowledge of SAP Infrastructure Environments, Microsoft platforms  Experience of configuring, implementing, developing and supporting complex solutions with a value in excess of ****.  Significant experience of Development methods and tools  Expertise in  quality management, supplier management, process improvement, line management, emerging technologies  Experienced in impact analysis and technical risk assessment  Experienced in developing business cases for financial investment Capabilities: In order to succeed in this role it is expected that you will have: Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Personal presence and the ability to influence staff at all levels. Able to balance practical and principle requirements, and enforce quality where necessary in the face of practical objections. 1. Ability to communicate risk and dependencies clearly and concisely 2. Ability to communicate complex technical issues to staff at all levels with differing degrees of technical understanding 3. Excellent presentation skills with the ability to make points clearly and assertively  Displays leadership and motivational qualities 4. Delivers on promises and are consistent in decision making. **** Proficient in the management of multi sourced technical work packages and negotiating quotations with third parties. **** Prides themselves on their attention to detail with strict adherence to standards and a continuous improvement work ethic 7. Shows high levels of integrity in all they do and lead by example. 8. Must be able to influence others, and be able to develop and maintain effective working relationships with all staff.  Excellent problem solving skills  A track record of successfully implementing technical infrastructure on multiple and varying levels of technical platforms  Able to demonstrate a good working knowledge of all major Service Management disciplines e.g. Change Management, Release Management and Incident Management.  Able to influence the Strategic direction of the IS infrastructure roadmap through positive challenge  Knowledge/adherence to QMS methodology/Standards essential Qualifications: Essential:  Vendor accreditation  Qualified and experienced in relevant standards, methods and platforms (e.g. MCSE, CISCO, Oracle, UNIX, SUN SOLARIS, ITIL) Desirable:  Degree level qualification or equivalent  Project Management qualification or equivalent  ITIL Service Management Foundation Certificate With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work