Title: Incident Management Agent
Webindex: 71335992
Company: Brightside Group Plc
Description: JOB TITLE Incident Management Agent SALARY ****  **** (dependent on experience) LOCATION Cribbs Causeway, Bristol The successful candidate will be responsible for managing incidents logged by users in relation to an online insurance system, and to liaise with various teams and third party suppliers to ensure that normal service operations are restored as quickly as possible and minimise impact to the detriment of business operations. Key Accountabilities Provide cover for accounts during core operational hours, liaising with the Service Desk Manager to restore service to end users as quickly as possible Proactively manage incidents and seek to resolve potential problem incidents for particular accounts, following predefined procedures Use our incident management system to monitor reported faults. Awareness of contractual requirements and apply these to the work undertaken. Continually review the processes in place and advise Team Leader of better and more efficient procedures, helping the organisation to improve the management of incidents. Constant and regular feedback to the Team Leader and Manager Applying ITIL best practices to work undertaken. To work as part of a team assisting others where appropriate if personal workload permits. To provide back up support to any other area of the other areas of the Support Team as and when required. To ensure that all escalation procedures are adhered to at all times. Secondary responsibilities To monitor and manage response times within Service Level Agreements (SLA) to ensure that contractual agreements are met. To liaise with other departments within the organisation to ensure effective communication is maintained. Management of customer issues within defined escalation procedures until resolution. Knowledge/Skills Experience Essential: Experience with SQL Excellent communication skills and able to relate to Business Partners and colleagues to all levels in a professional manner. Knowledge of ITIL best practices (ITIL Foundation Certified) Highly organised and confident, showing good initiative and proactively able to manage workload. Self motivated, enthusiastic, proactive and able to work under pressure unsupervised Linux experience Beneficial: Experience with PHP Advanced analytical skills. Flexible and adaptable in order to meet changing business demands and working environments Previous IT related exposure preferably in an Incident Management Role The Benefits 22 days holiday rising to **** per year worked Excellent career progression opportunities and study support Staff Recommendation scheme  earn yourself **** for recommending a friend Salary Sacrifice pension scheme Active subsidised social club Friday dress down Location This role will be based in our Bristol office at Lysander House, Cribbs Causeway.