Title: Commercial Analyst: Ecommerce
Webindex: 68628048
Company: Robert Walters
Description: Ecommerce Analyst  West Midlands  ****k ****k  package Robert Walters are engaged with a client that are looking to recruit an Ecommerce Analyst As Ecommerce Analyst you will. Provide data analysis to support Ecommerce, specifically, on site activity, sales targeting and merchandising decision making planning. Accessing, summarising and sharing market competitor information Proactively support the Ecommerce Merchandising Manager Key responsibilities for the Ecommerce Analyst role are: Proactive and creative in suggesting commercial opportunities for online sales growth, including website enhancements, target marketing and product category opportunities Establish reliable sources of data; maintain ongoing records and regular reporting. Analyse data and report as appropriate Any additional adhoc activities as required within the Ecommerce Merchandising teams TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE Graduate with a numerate degree (for example Statistics, Maths, Engineering, Physics, MORSE, Economics) or equivalent IT Literacy: Microsoft Applications  Sound knowledge Excel, Access, Visual Basic  Super User Google Analytics  experience preferred Analysis  able to interpret large and complex data sets, use general statistics, regression analysis, correlations etc, to make commercial recommendations BUSINESS KNOWLEDGE Basic commercial knowledge of key business drivers eg sales, margin, P L etc Accounting/systems knowledge is preferred KEY COMPETENCIES COMMUNICATION: Clear verbal and written communication. Conveys ideas confidently and succinctly. Establishes self as credible. Communicates proactively and appropriately with key stakeholders. DELIVERING RESULTS: Readily assumes personal accountability for achieving results. Meets deadlines and achieves goals. Manages own time effectively and resolves competing priorities. If you would like to apply for the role of Commercial Analyst: Ecommerce or find out more, please apply online or contact Kevin Moran at Robert Walters or call quoting the reference .