Title: Customer Experience/Insight Analyst
Webindex: 68681545
Company: Advanced Resource Managers Ltd 
Description: Title: SAS Customer Experience Analyst Based in: London Salary: up to ****k  benefits (based on ability) Keywords  SAS, Insight Analytics, Customer Segmentation, Customer Experience, Marketing Analytics, Customer Insight. My client is looking for a Customer Experience Analyst or Customer Insight Analyst. The role itself is within the Financial Sector however they do not require someone to have come from this background for this role. They would rather someone to come from a Commercial background. A fantastic opportunity to work in a house hold banking name as a customer insight analyst within the customer analytics department. This is the ideal chance for someone at the start of their customer insight career to develop key skills within model development, analysis and customer insight. The main purpose of the role is to deliver customer analysis which supports business decision and making tactical delivery. As a new joiner you will be supported and mentored throughout your transition into industry. To provide analytical input to support the development of customer strategy, marketing strategy and product development. Deliver against clear briefing processes to support adhoc analysis to meet the specific needs of the business. Deploy the most appropriate data analysis techniques and tool sets to deliver actionable customer intelligence in most efficient manner. Undertake analysis which quantifies marketing opportunities. Utilisation of statistical models that aid understanding of customer risk, value and behaviour. Ensure effective use of model scores and flags in marketing campaigns. Provide input to Customer Insight Management for the identification of data quality issues and data structure improvements within the Customer Data Warehouse. Skills Required Proven ability in customer data analysis using SAS Ability of utilising data mining and statistical techniques Ability in delivering actionable customer intelligence SAS Excel If you are interested in this role then please send your CV  this is a great opportunity for aspiring SAS Insight Analysts. This role will NOT be available for long, do not hesitate ion getting in touch. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CustomerExperienceInsightAnalyst_job****