Title: Cash in this New Year
Webindex: 68580745
Company: Liverpool Marketing Solutions
Description: Cash in this New Year We are interviewing this New Year for Sales & Customer Service Advisors. Liverpool Marketing Solutions is a leading outsourced sales and marketing company. In response to a demand for more effective, personal, and resultsdriven marketing techniques, nonprofit clients have recognized Liverpool Marketing Solutions as a premier partner in the sales and marketing industry. We are seeking an experienced customer service/sales advisor. This opening is best fitted for someone looking for full time hours. We are growing and are looking for an individual who wants to be part of an exciting, yet relaxed working environment. We provide quality, daily customer service to new and existing customers. We need someone who is focused, motivated & responsible with proper communications skills & who is ready to work now. This advisor will be frontline when dealing with customers. We are known for our outstanding customer service so we need someone who embodies our core values, friendliness and responsiveness. Day to day tasks will include (but not limited to) for Sales & Customer Service Advisor: answering customer questions on products and or services face to face activating new accounts & maintaining existing accounts identifying problems & resolving any issues ensure customer satisfaction Requirements: CSR/sales experience (preferably in retail or wholesale environment) excellent verbal and written communication skills very proactive, great interpersonal skills and ability to multitask detail oriented ambition, strong work ethic and willingness to learn over the age of **** (due to client restrictions) With Liverpool Marketing Solutions, you will have the opportunity to meet with new people on a daily so you will need excellent communication skills and a smart appearance. By request of our clients, all applicants must be over the age of **** and eligible to work in the UK. Our representation is all face to face involving b2b, b2c, and event style setups so professionalism is key To protect our clients, if you are a non resident then you will need to show proof that you are legible to legally work in UK. This is a self employed opportunity. As we are looking to expand immediately we hold priority to candidates who are able to start immediately. Candidates must be over the age of **** in order to work with our clients. Successful individual are allowed to spend a voluntary day observing the company in order to make a final decision. All earnings are weekly and are based entirely on the individuals completed sales and commissions at the end of the financial week. communications business administration management advertising marketing public relations political science psychology military sports management athletic experience