Title: Senior Analyst Programmer  C++
Webindex: 71594344
Company: Absolute Solution
Description: Senior Analyst Programmer (C++) Working for an International Company that is one of the largest in its field. Technical Skills Required Strong practical C++ development experience. Strong practical experience of developing on the Unix/Linux environment Strong practical experience of UNIX tools and Scripting to allow quick and efficient analysis of data files. Strong practical software integration experience Excellent testing and QA skills Good experience of Oracle database programming. Good SQL Good Unix Shell Scripting experience Python (desirable). XML (desirable). JAVA (desirable). Job Purpose Reporting to one of the Team Leaders the candidate will be responsible for development and maintenance of the batch processing software running on Linux Servers. They may be expected to perform many roles across the Software Development Lifecycle from Business Analysis to System Testing. Therefore broad knowledge of Software Engineering and a flexible approach are extremely important. High importance is attached to the analysis part of the role and the person will need to be a skilled and confident communicator who enjoys direct contact with the business. The candidate is expected to work in conjunction with others to decide what needs to be done' and how to achieve this. The candidate will need to quickly build an understanding of the software used in our service solutions. The person will also be expected to use their knowledge of the business, and various data formats used within specific services, to answer data queries, and provide 2nd line support as required. Often the role will involve analysis of issues in large data sets, and devising business rules to apply to the data to correct issues. There also likely take on responsibility as the contact point for one or more of the existing services. This will involve fielding queries, impact assessments for new work, and resolving support issues and problems that cannot be dealt with elsewhere. All work will be on Linux/Unix platforms. The code base is predominantly C++ and experience of developing in a Unix/Linux environment is expected. Strong SQL skills and experience with Database systems, preferably Oracle, are a must. Given the skills and seniority of this role it is expected that the candidate has at least 3 years commercial experience in Software Development. Consideration may be given to exceptional candidates with less experience who can demonstrate practical skills suited to this role. Main Duties and Responsibilities Understand existing C++ code base and design, develop, and test software solutions to meet new requirements within this software framework. Develop a clear understanding of the Business and how our solutions are used by our clients and what is important to them. Ability to take sometimes vague business requirements and work with others in the department to define this as pieces of development work. Ability to develop quickly small programs/scripts to aid data analysis and problem resolution. Understand how to integrate and test new functionality in existing complex systems. The complexity exists in terms of the business rules, rather than technical complexity. Organised and methodical approach to problem investigation to identify data issues raised by operations teams. Produce fast and innovative solutions to assist with projects to secure new business. Produce design documents, possibly for more junior members of staff to implement. Able to manage delivery of software solutions and integration of these into a working service. Person Specification Selfstarter with a cando attitude. Excellent customer and business skills. Excellent team player able to communicate with technical and nontechnical team. Quick learner with ability to manage multiple tasks through to completion. Good attention to detail. Time management skills and ability to work on multiple tasks concurrently.