Title: Digital Electronics Design Engineer  Cheltenham
Webindex: 68350769
Description: The engineer will demonstrate leadership in communicating business goals, programs, and processes for an area or business segment. In this role you will use your experience or expertise to solve problems, develop and execute objectives for self and others, and have the ability to effect shortterm and some longterm business goals. Responsibilities: Execute the design, analysis, or evaluation of assigned projects using sound engineering principles and adhering to business standards, practices, procedures, and product / program requirements. Provide technical leadership to personnel supporting the assigned project. Document technical data generated by the assigned project consistent with engineering policies and procedures. Provide timely communications on significant issues or developments. Participate on teams assigned to address organizational initiatives and generic issues. Participate as a presenter or reviewer in technical and program reviews. Assure proper documentation of technical data generated for the assigned projects and/or tasks consistent with engineering policies and procedures. Qualifications: A degree or equivalent level of knowledge or experience in electronic engineering or a related subject. Demonstrable experience within an engineering position. A strong technical aptitude in High Speed Digital schematic and PCB design. A strong technical aptitude in FPGA design and verification. Solid oral and written communication skills. Used to working within a recognised quality system. Specification and selection of components. Supplier technical Liaison. Able to clearly formulate and communicate complex design concepts. Having the organisational skills to deliver to budget and schedule with minimal supervision. Able to work effectively in a team environment. Willing to occasionally travel internationally. The skills to identify and develop new approaches and solutions. Ability to interface directly with customers. Desired Characteristics: Strong interpersonal and leadership skills. Experience of FPGA Design and Verification to DO**** Experience of environmental testing of products to DO**** Technical proposal writing. Ability to manage outsource suppliers and subcontractors. Understanding of safety and reliability concepts. Understanding of thermal issues associated with electronic systems. Awareness of business operation & drivers. Able to advise and coach in a constructive way. Willing to participate in military product design Benefits Include:  Pension Scheme.  Flexible Benefits  Relocation Package.  Global Opportunities  Good location and working environment.  Good opportunities for career development, regular reviews and career planning. Successful applicants will be required to undergo UK MOD security clearance prior to appointment