Title: Service Desk Engineer / IT Support (Avaya / ACA / IP) to ****K
Webindex: 72691108
Company: EasyWebRecruitment
Description: Service Desk Engineer / IT Support (Avaya / ACA / IP) to ****K Our client is an innovative Unified Communications and contact centre services company, focused on delivering exceptional customer contact strategies, applications and solutions. Position: Service Desk Engineer (Frontline, Support) Location: Glasgow, may require some travel throughout the UK Salary: ****K****K per annum ROLE: The Service Desk Engineer / IT Support Engineer is to provide and deliver technical incident management directly to external and internal customers including first line remote support on their core technologies (currently includes Avaya, Verint Workforce Optimisation suite WFO, and their bespoke applications). RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Take on assigned cases, ascertain importance and severity, provide first line troubleshooting and testing (remote or onsite) and/or escalate if necessary (using the criticality table), providing a clear and concise description of the issue to the relevant colleague/third party via telephone and or email to include any relevant documentation with moderate support. b) Responsible for communication strategy with the customer, providing feed back in the form of updates at appropriate intervals. c) Contributes in team discussions and actively assists peers. d) An appreciation of other team member s workload and a willingness to provide assistance when required. e) Ability to perform initial troubleshooting independently researching published documentation and call logging system/their intranet and following prescribed procedures accurately and documenting results. Follow the SSAT (Support Systematic Analysis Template). Complete a thorough investigation process in preparation for escalation and further investigation. f) An ability to frequently resolve noncomplex cases independently through standard investigation techniques on Avaya / WFO cases. g) Accurately and thoroughly log all tasks/actions taken in their support call logging system to include actual time spent on all individual tasks. h) Monitor and (if appropriate) chase progress with colleagues/third parties, keep customer appraised of progress/managing expectations until incident is satisfactorily resolved. i) Logistical awareness when managing incidents which have proposed technical fixes involving equipment replacement and engineering resource. Taking guidance from peers in regards to specific challenges of hardware and software fixes. j) Proactively and routinely monitoring customer systems and recognising trends where proactive guidance can be provided to include responsibility of their ICE system. k) When necessary drive 3rd party/maintainer (with guidance) relationships by driving incidents to a satisfactory resolution in a timely manner. l) Share knowledge with colleagues. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Educated to degree level ideally in a related discipline. b) Exposure to troubleshooting or deployment of contact centre or IP telephony technologies, ideally in two core technologies i.e. Avaya, Verint Workforce Optimisation suite WFO, and bespoke applications (or competitor products). c) Completed Avaya s qualification ACA on one Core Technology or relevant experience. d) Customer Response: interprets customer needs, assessing the full requirements; identifies solutions to nonstandard situations, investigating all the facts. e) Planning Organising: Manages own time to meet agreed targets; develops plans for specific work activities in own area over the short term, including forecasting resource requirements. f) Attention to detail: doublechecks own work to ensure accuracy. g) Creativity: thinks outside the box and makes creative, nonstandard suggestions, tailored to the situation. DESIRABLE SKILL: a) Ideally basic knowledge of ITIL. You may have experience of the following: Service Desk Engineer, IT Support, Avaya, ACA, VoIP, Telecoms Engineer, Telephony, Helpdesk Support, Systems Administrator, Avaya Certified Associate, Network Engineer, Technical Support, Unified Communications, Infrastructure Engineer, Routers, Contact Centre Solutions, Mitel, Cisco, Nortel etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.