Title: OPH Designer
Webindex: 68496515
Company: Vodafone
Description: OPH Change Specialist/Designer Newbury ********k  Benefits A new and exciting role has arisen within the Billing Transformation area of Vodafone UK. We are looking for an experienced, dynamic and forward thinking OPH (Oracle Product Hub) Designer to join our global HQ in Newbury Vodafone UK is moving to an Oracle out of the box solution for its core systems in Billing and CRM. As part of this transition, there will be a new approach to managing its products and services using the Oracle capability. The aim is to provide a central repository of product information that is required by all the systems that enables speed to market for new propositions combined with simplicity for customers and Vodafone staff. This role is to design these products for configuration within OPH and Siebel in a BAU role. The individual will need to be able to design, build, test and maintain configuration of the new system. As an OPH Designer your main responsibilities will involve: Be our first point of contact for technical knowledge on OPH Siebel product configuration within the Oracle Stack. Liaise with Marketing and Wholesale teams to understand the commercial and business requirements and ensure that the product design and build reflects the business requirement Input into the governance model to assess the impact of proposed business changes on configuration complexity and ease of maintenance and to propose solutions that adhere to Out of The Box principles For products requiring enrichment, work with other Product Catalogue teams, Oracle and third party suppliers to deliver all configuration required for product launch Represent UK contribution in the VF Group Centre of Excellence on topics relating to products within the UK Oracle Stack. As a Billing Design Manager your skills and qualifications will ideally include: Excellent operational knowledge of Oracle Systems, including:  Oracle Product Hub (OPH)  Oracle BRM  Siebel CRM Experience of designing and implementing new telecommunications products Strong understanding of intersystem dependencies Excellent relationship building skills This role forms part of a large scale transformation programme aimed at updating and modernising Vodafone's CRM and Billings platforms. The significance of the programme gives applicants the opportunity to progress within the fastest moving area of Vodafone UK, and gain exposure to a number of different outsourcing partners, internal teams and senior stakeholders. If you wish to join a progressive team please apply immediately. Vodafone is the world's leading mobile communications group with around 340 million proportionate customers worldwide. We employ approximately **** people in our group operations and national operating companies in more than 20 countries across the globe. We have also forged Partner Market agreements in more than 40 countries round the world. Faxing is not our preferred method of application. Please Apply to ALL positions by clicking 'Apply Now'