Title: 1st/2nd Line Helpdesk Analyst Windows Networks Blackberry
Webindex: 70585591
Company: Aston Carter
Description: 1st/2nd Line Helpdesk Analyst Windows Networks Blackberry My client, a major technologydriven company, are seeking an experienced Helpdesk Analyst to join a friendly and collaborative team. The company can offer a challenging and varied technical role and excellent career options. Ideally the candidate will come from a Helpdesk background and will have experience in Windows support (ideally Windows 7) and thin client computing. Candidates should have good problem solving skills, be a strong communicator and should have relevant customer service experience within a similar role. An awareness of network infrastructure, and working knowledge of blackberry configurations would be advantageous. This is a great opportunity for the right candidate to embark on a successful career within a major global company. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/1st2ndLineHelpdeskAnalystWindowsNetworksBlackberry_job****