Title: C&I Technician
Webindex: 69585748
Company: CVbrowser
Description: With manufacturing facilities in **** continents, a truly global manufacturer of chemical products has retained the services of Taskmaster Resources to recruit a C I Technician to work on site at the Yorkshiremanufacturing facility. This is an excellent job opportunity for an experienced C I Technician to work in an exciting and challenging role, for a global firm, in the Yorkshire region. Main Duties Reporting to the Engineering Manager, the Control Instrument Technician will provide reactive and planned maintenance for all control and instrumentation activities. Responsible for the repair and maintenance of a full range of electrical systems from PLC control up to ****V electrical systems (routine and breakdown). Work closely with the other members of the Maintenance team and contribute to a multidisciplined team Working to ISO14001 to satisfy safety and environmental requirements. Key responsibilities of the role will be to provide onsite expertise on specialist equipment such as the CEMs and DCS, SCADA and PLC systems Also routine maintenance following a computer generated plan. Fault finding under demanding time constraints. Minor projects to complete which will involve new installation work. Form part of a 24 hour call out rota responding to plant breakdowns. Working extended hours during shutdown periods and working outside normal hours to attend to breakdowns and complete requested ad hoc tasks will be critical to this role. Record and update maintenance records, within the computer maintenance management system (CMMS). Qualifications and Experience Required: Higher level qualification (Degree or HND/HNC) in Electrical/Electronic Engineering. Completion of a relevant engineering apprenticeship or NVQ Level 3. A minimum of 4 years maintenance engineering experience in a process, steam raising environment and/or working in the power generation/chemical industry or similar. Experience working with DCS and CEMs systems. Due to the high volume of applications we receive, unfortunately, we are unable to provide individual feedback on applications. We may also keep your details on file and contact you in the future regarding relevant career opportunities.