Title: User Interface Designer / Developer– (eCommerce Technology)
Webindex: 68685551
Company: Guru Resourcing
Description: USER INTERFACE DESIGNER / DEVELOPER – (ECOMMERCE TECHNOLOGY) – NEW ZEALAND We have a unique opportunity for a User Experience Designer / Web designer to join a global technology business in Christchurch, New Zealand (sponsorship of work permit/visa applications provided). Read on With offices in Christchurch, London, California and Melbourne, our client delivers powerful ecommerce solutions to global businesses that include Quantas, Next, Boden and Interflora to name just a few. Considered as leaders in their field their SaaS technology boasts fullservice site search, navigation, merchandising and usergenerated SEO amongst its many features. Joining as a User Experience Designer you will work within an experienced and talented development team of front and back end developers based in Christchurch, New Zealand (sponsorship of work permit/visa applications provided, if necessary). This is a rare and exciting opportunity that combines the experience of working in a different country with putting your design skills to the test working on high profile retail technology. To qualify We are seeking degree educated (BSc or equivalent) User Experience Designers, Information Architects, UX Designers or similar capable of showing: A genuine passion for user experience and design. A thorough understanding of usercentered design, methods and techniques. Rich web application development using clientside frameworks (eg. backbone.js/Spine.js). Advanced technical capabilities: HTML5, CSS. Experience in Agile/Scrum development and Open Source libraries. An ability to balance user needs with business goals and technological capabilities. An ability to design web interfaces for complex controls and data. Great communication skills and collaborative working methods. An excellent knowledge of online usability, accessibility and industry standards/best practices. This is an excellent opportunity for someone with a strong work ethic looking to work for a global tech business offering career progression, a competitive salary, onsite massages, flexible working, subsidised gym, travel, social activities, training and loads more. Get in touch Keywords: Keywords: User Experience Designer, UX Designer, Interaction Designer, UI, UE, UX, UI Design Jobs in New Zealand, IA, Information Architect, UI Architect, User Experience Design Jobs in New Zealand, UI Jobs in New Zealand, UX Jobs in New Zealand, Information Architecture, Usability Interaction Design, User Interface Design, IA Jobs in New Zealand, Information Architect Jobs in New Zealand, Christchurch, New Zealand. Guru are an employment business renowned for delivering careers networking to the Design sector. In this instance Guru are managing the selection process for this particular UI Designer / Developer campaign on the behalf of our client. We offer a transparent service to both clients and candidates which means that if you pass our initial filtering criteria (based on your CV suitability against our client’s requirements) we will email you with the client’s details and also pass your complete application to the client for consideration. By applying to this role you are granting consent for us to work in this way. One final note, your application will only be used in conjunction with this specific role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/UserInterfaceDesignerDevelopereCommerceTechnology_job****