Title: iOS Developer Objective C / XCode/ PHP/ MySQL  ****K
Webindex: 68181565
Company: Senitor Associates
Description: iOS Developer  Objective C / XCode/ PHP/ MySQL  ****K  London With rapid growth since their arrival into the market our client is on the hunt for their next iOS developer to inject further talent into their remarkable team of mobile developers. Key skills: Apple iOS Objective C XCode PHP MySQL HTML5 CSS3 JavaScript jQuery AJAX The following skills are desirable however not essential: Java Android MVC Zend CMS Drupal API The role: You will take ownership of mobile projects, fully utilising your technical mobile capability to develop their range of innovative applications. You will be proficient in Objective C and XCode and have be an individual who is naturally efficient and committed to robust and well commented code. You should have a solid understanding of the workflows pattern in developing iOS application s. Working within a LAMP environment you will have a thorough understanding of PHP and MySQL, as the applications developed with connect to a complex backend database. You should be someone who is passionate about staying abreast of the latest technologies and versions and have a hunger for new innovations and concepts. The company: Servicing clients like the NHS, Metropolitan Police, TATE, and many more, our client has made a memorable stamp on their place in the mobile market. They are respected for their innovation, efficiency, and user friendly solutions that improve the process across the nation. They are always pushing forward for better functionality and new ways of improving as they pride their place in the industry. You will be joining a company with an excellent working environment and be given the opportunity to work on their latest new concepts in iOS mobile development. To apply: If you have the skills required and are aspiring to take your career to the next level send your CV to Fiona at: Or call Fiona now on (Apply online only) for further information. iOS Developer  Objective C / XCode/ PHP/ MySQL  ****K  London Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy