Title: Cisco Technical Analyst
Webindex: 69805440
Company: easyvacancy.co.uk
Description: Network Technical Analyst  Cisco ****  ****.00  Shift Bonus Manchester Are you a Cisco professional looking for an opportunity working with one of the UK`s fastest growing Managed Service and Cloud providers? The Company Our client is the fastest growing managed service and cloud provider in the UK; operating from Manchester and London, they are targeting revenues of over 100m by 2014. They are currently looking for a CCNA or CCNP Technical Analyst to join their team of Cisco professionals. The Role Working within our Managed Services team you will be responsible for supporting our customer base ensuring service level agreements are met with quick resolution. Working in a closeknit team the Cisco Technical Analyst will be communicating with customers and applying technical skills to resolve queries in a pleasant and timely manner. In order to be considered for this challenging role you will need to have the following skills and experience:  Strong CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Professional) or CCNP (Cisco Certified Network Associate) routing skills  Problem solving skills  Experience in a similar role using Cisco The Reward In return for your commitment, our client is offering a generous basic salary of ****  28,000 with shift bonus, the latest industry training and a social scene that`ll make you feel like you just got a new family. How To Apply If you feel you have the relevant skills, experience and ambition to succeed in this Cisco Network Technical Analyst role please apply for the position using the apply button on this page.  We are an online recruitment company providing recruitment advertising and response management to clients throughout the UK. Unlike a recruitment agency, we will submit your application directly to the end company if you meet the essential criteria for the role. You will hear from them directly to arrange interviews and/or assessment centres. For regular updates of our latest vacancies please add easyvacancyjobs to your twitter feed  This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CiscoTechnicalAnalyst_job****