Title: SaaS HRIS Consultants (Workday HCM)
Webindex: 69733879
Company: Sentio Solutions Ltd
Description: SaaS HRIS Consultants required by leading Big 4 Management Consultancy to take advantage of a fantastic opportunity to learn a new cuttingedge skill and receive Training; leading to Certification in Workday HCM. This will appeal to those seeking to grow a career in facilitating Operational HR Business Improvement through the provision of innovative HR Technology (HRIS) solutions. This leading Management Consultancy organisation, World renowned for providing their clients subject matter expertise to a wide range of Business and Technology disciplines is both investing in and growing a Delivery capability with the Workday HCM SaaS Solution. Workday HCM is gaining increasing traction in the EMEA market and this organisation is hiring to meet customer demand  full Training and Certification will be provided and it s therefore a brilliant time to become involved. The Consultancy are seeking to augment applicants skillsbase with Workday HCM whilst harnessing and capitalising on knowledge and experience that individuals may hold already in other relevant HR Systems to be of additional benefit to their customer base. Consultants help with organising and defining the implementation strategies to improve the effectiveness of client s Technology across the entire HR function and you ll have the opportunity to work on a variety of related consulting projects, as well as receiving any required training. The role may include, but is not restricted to:  Implementation readiness preparation, and other clientside advice and management  Deployment of Workday HCM and other Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions  Using your business analysis skills to identify and document client requirements, and determine HR system and data strategies  Providing project and programme management services to clients  Using your HR and HR systems knowledge to identify the key issues for our clients undergoing change in HR or related people and technology processes.  Acting as an ambassador when taking propositions into our clients.  Working at all levels within the client s organisation from CEO and Directors to the HR team and be able to gain immediate credibility, adapting your style to suit the audience. Applicants should have a combination of skills, experience and attributes to further their careers in HR Systems Consultancy: a proven track record of academic success (ideally to graduate standard at ****:**** or above), a foundation level of experience working commercially in either HRIS, HR or IT (ideally in a business improvement or ERP / SaaS HCM product implementation capacity) and be conversant with the operational running of an Human Resources function. You will have exemplary communication skills, able to speak and present effectively at all levels and build solid client relationships whilst holding the ability to analyse complex commercial challenges and be able to propose positive recommendations / solutions to improve these. Relevant product experience will include: SAP HCM, PeopleSoft HRMS or Oracle HCM, Taleo, iGrasp, Successfactors, Stepstone, Lumesse, NorthgateArinso s, Midland s or Halogen s HCM products, Workday HCM itself or other top tier HR SaaS Solutions. Please apply immediately to be considered.