Title: Business Analyst  Manchester
Webindex: 71594462
Company: Circle Recruitment
Description: Business Analyst  Manchester Key skills  Business Analyst, BA, Agile, Scrum A Business Analyst is required for a leading company based in Manchester City Centre. This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing team whom are looking for a dynamic, enthusiastic and focussed Business Analyst to understand the goals and objectives of products within the business. The Business Analyst team is responsible for working with product owners, undertaking market and competitor analysis, product analysis and definition and coordination of products across a variety of business functions. The BA team is an essential department, liaising with stakeholders, end users and the Development and support teams, to deliver fit for purpose software and systems to enable to overall goals of the business. This opportunity offers excellent career progression for the right person. The key responsibilities of the Business Analyst are as follows: Understand and maintain the vision across the software delivery team, ensure that everyone understands the end goal and works towards it Work closely with the product owners and stakeholders to gather, organise and document business requirements Lead requirements gathering sessions, translate technical issues to end users/clients Identify, analyse and document business processes and workflows Work closely with the development team, evaluate system solutions, research competitor products, analyse current products and services. We are looking for an individual with previous Business Analysis experience, ideally working within an Agile/Scrum environment and have experience of working with Microsoft development teams (C, ASP.NET, SQL Server). This is a fantastic new opportunity for a Business Analyst to join a leading business in Manchester. They are offering a competitive starting salary and benefits package and further career progression is available. To apply please send your CV to (see below) Circle Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.