Title: Channel/Account Manager
Webindex: 62120552
Company: OCC Computer Personnel  Ltd 
Description: Channel Manager/ Channels Sales Manager/Account Manager/Resellers/Business Development Manager Channel Manager/ Channel Sales Location: Sweden Languages: Must be able to speak Swedish Salary: to **** Sterling or ****rona plus car plus bonus plus benefits Start: ASAP An excellent opportunity has arisen for an experienced Channel Manager/Sales Manager. The successful person will be based in Sweden and will need to be able to communicate effectively in Swedish as you will be responsible for Resellers and Clients in the Nordics. My client is a major Global client with an excellent reputation and this role will suit candidates with experience of dealing with Resellers. They offer excellent career development and training and career progression. They also offer exciting project work and have an excellent reputation Main Duties include As an Account Manager responsible for Partner Revenues you will be required to meet and exceed financial and SLA targets given to you. As an Account Manager, you will have a defined set of Partners to work with; your main responsibilities will include but not limited to the following; Knowledge Expert ? You will endeavour be the knowledge expert in your resellers for both our products and our industry. Sales Training ? Build Understanding and Awareness or Products and Services Field Accompaniment ? Help Reseller Sales Teams to Build and Find Opportunities Marketing ? Help Resellers to develop new value propositions for our products Events and Shows ? Develop, Market and Attend Events and Shows with Resellers Technical ? Ensure that Resellers can deliver solutions of our products using either their own or my client?s Professional Services Renewal ? Build an effective renewal process in your reseller to ensurethat annual support revenues are maintained Management ? Meet with Reseller Management teams to discuss performance and manage targets, deliverables and SLA?s. Whilst you will have individual accounts and targets, you will be expected to work as part of a sales team in order to maximise the growth of the company. You will attend all relevant company and sales meetings; it is expected that you will play an active part in such meetings ? openness being a specific requirement. Working and communicating with colleagues and management to continually improve the way we work. This is an excellent opportunity so call now to hear more 