Title: Software Design Team Leader
Webindex: 70770630
Company: Grad Central
Description: We have an exciting and challenging position available for a talented and driven Software DesignTeam Leader based in Telford, Shropshire. Our client is the leading international provider of solutions across the Investment Casting Industry, and seek a Software DesignTeam Leader to take full ownership of their software development team. Role: Software DesignTeam Leader Location: Telford, Shropshire Salary: ****  **** As a Software DesignTeam Leader, you will take full ownership of the software development team in order to produce detailed bespoke software system specifications for control process management. Furthermore, you will be responsible for:  Leading a team of four engineers in the design of software systems.  Providing guidance and advice to the software development team.  Reviewing designs created by the software development team.  Creating specifications and documentation for custom equipment. The successful candidate will be educated to degree level within a Computer Science or similar discipline and able to demonstrate previous experience within a similar role in a manufacturing environment. You will be a naturally confident communicator who is able to display motivational leadership in order to encourage and achieve the best from the team within defined schedules. Furthermore, you will be able to demonstrate experience of the following languages: VB.Net, ADO.Net & SQL. Grad Central is a new service aimed at matching the best graduates with companies across the West Midlands and is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. If you have not previously registered on the Grad Central website, by applying for this role you agree to be automatically added to our database of job seekers. You will be issued with login details to your own Grad Central account where you can update your profile with your job preferences, set up job alerts and access our bank of helpful job hunting information. If you do not wish us to hold onto your details you can delete your profile from our database by logging in and following the relevant options. We do not pass on any information to third parties. Please refer to our website for our full terms and conditions