Title: New Business Commercial Sales Executive
Webindex: 70569656
Company: WOLFRAM RESEARCH EUROPE LTD
Description: Wolfram is the world s leading developer of technical computing software, offering organisationwide computing solutions. The flagship product is Mathematica which is the software behind Wolfram s Computational Knowledge engine Wolfram | Alpha as well as our new modelling and simulation environment Wolfram SystemModeler. Position Overview Located within the European Direct Sales Department the successful candidate will be responsible for finding new customers for our technical software solutions within industries and services such as finance, insurance, aerospace, defence, telecom, pharmaceutical, software and publishing. You will be responsible for developing opportunities and setting sales strategy; competitive positioning and account plan execution in selling various product solutions to customers and prospects. Expectations and job responsibilities are, but are not limited to: Accurate forecasting Attainment of assigned revenue quotas Participating in the development, presentation and sales of a value proposition Price negotiation and contractual agreement to close the sale. This is a challenging front line sales position concentrating on sales of products throughout the U.K., Ireland and Scandinavia. The candidate is responsible for the whole sales cycle from prospecting to closing the sale. This role is based at our offices in the U.K although travel to Ireland and Scandinavia will be required. Candidates will need therefore to demonstrate their ability to work independently. We are looking for a natural closer and networker with sales experience who is able to demonstrate initiative and creativity and is comfortable presenting to audiences at all levels. Position Responsibilities and Requirements Develop and maintain relationships with new accounts to find, build, manage and close sales opportunities on a consistent basis Meeting or exceeding each quarter's assigned sales quotas Accurately forecast sales by month and quarter and maintain a pipeline of opportunities that are sufficient to ensure success on an ongoing basis. Continually undertake activities that maximise the opportunity for all Wolfram solutions in the named accounts Managing Wolfram resources to insure internal and external customer satisfaction Documenting critical sales activities and conversations in a professional timely manner to customers and ensure update of company's CRM solution Highly disciplined approach to organising activities and priorities Naturally consultative in approach, evidenced by exceptional ability to ask the right questions of the right person at the right time. Ability to interact with technical buying influences during product demonstrations and evaluations Excellent communication/presentation and interpersonal skills