Title: IT Service Desk Manager
Webindex: 69018422
Company: Huntress Group
Description: IT Service Delivery Manager Ashford, Kent **** to ****  Excellent benefits package IT Service Delivery Manager required for a leading company based in the Ashford area. The position is a senior level role, reporting to the Operations Director encompassing overall management for the IT support teams and divisions. Key Responsibilities To work closely with the Operations Director in order to maintain the highest standards of customer service and support. To manage the Service Desk structure whilst applying cost controls, and contributing to budgetary and capacity planning. To work with the Product Support Managers within your team to design and set KPI s to ensure that the teams are constantly striving to improve on performance. To manage and maintain a professional relationship directly with key customers and partners, and to provide a point of escalation to them. To maintain a Continual Service Improvement Program as part of the wider service management process. To be responsible for cascading Service Improvement initiatives within the support team, and suggesting/influencing improvements for Delivery teams. Required Experience The ability to manage and lead a large department consisting of multiple teams supporting the various products within the product suite. An excellent understanding of IT Service Management best practices and all the relevant processes in which Service Desk are involved. Preferably to the ITIL v2 Manager or v**** Expert level. Proven personnel management skills to the level required to manage a large team of staff, with diverse experience, and working without you when on shifts Experience of working with (and improving the use of) IT Service Management tools used on Service Desks. A broad understanding of current IT concepts, sufficient to understand the nature of support incidents. Huntress Group does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Agency in relation to this role