Title: Web Platform Administrator
Webindex: 69670601
Company: Landmark Information Group Limited
Description: An exciting opportunity to work in part of a Blue Chip organisation providing managed services in both the public and private sectors. Landmark Solutions, part of the DMGT group, has a strong and successful record of designing, building, implementing, operating and supporting complex information management systems for a range of Public and Private sector clients. The role: This is a technical role where you will be working as part of a team to design implement and support a wide range of IT hardware and software systems within Landmark Solutions on behalf of external clients. You will be managing multiple concurrent tasks with varying technologies in an exciting competitive environment, with exposure to a wide range of emerging technologies. You will ensure websites and applications are configured and functioning correctly, resolving problems and escalating as appropriate. Working with other Analysts, you will be maintaining core infrastructure, investigating user requirements for application and infrastructure changes, and managing the implementation of virtualised application frameworks. We are looking for someone with extensive experience in a technical support and implementation role, with significant experience providing 3rd level support in a similar field, who will actively contribute in the implementation and support of applications and provide out of hours support as part of an on call support team. Proven skills in:  Software support for Java, IIS, Apache, SSL  High availability and Fault Tolerance / Software Loadbalancing strategies / Hardware infrastructure fault tolerance and clustering and Virtualisation.  Release Management Desirable skills in:  Deployment and Operating system management for Microsoft and Linux RedHat Operating systems.  Storage Area Networks, EMC, IBM, HP and NetApp Storage Technologies  Oracle and MS SQL server databases  Ethernet Switching and security principals for Impact Level 3 secure operating environments. If you believe you have all the necessary skills and drive to fill this role, we want to hear from you. Unfortunately applications received after this date may not be included in the selection process.