Title: Solution Manager IT  Marketing (Corporate and Partner Marketing)
Webindex: 71565316
Company: Harvey Nash plc
Description: This is an exciting opportunity for an innovative and driven individual to join an international company working in the B2B and B2C market. The client has strong ties with the travel industry and are now looking to expand their services. They are affiliated with nearly **** merchants including some of the world's most widely recognised brands and have an 80% market share of their sector. This Solution Manager IT – Corporate and Partner Marketing is accountable for the delivery of IT projects and services to the clients Marketing function, specifically to support the B2B marketing organisation. C PM engage **** high end merchants around the globe including many of the world’s finest luxury brands. Their portfolio is diverse. One major project starting at the moment is to develop a brand new B2B web portal. This is a high profile strategic project. The post holder will be very influential in this development and will be required to facilitate and ensure delivery of the new site. Working within a very small internal team and external agency and/or development houses throughout the full development cycle to requirements gathering, prioritisation, realisation and deployment. Moving forward the post holder will be responsible for the ongoing support of this service (ensuring adequate levels of support and maintenance). There can be expected to be ongoing feature development of the site. They may also be required to support other projects within the C PM team or the other marketing areas (Traveller Marketing, Media). The post holder will be the go to person for the organisation for the systems, and their long term development. This is a new role which reflects the growing emphasis that the client has placed on marketing in general and Digital and Media specifically, both as a means of promoting their product but also on generating revenue from other products and services managed under the Marketing organization. This is a highly visible and strategic position with autonomy to create a product that is best in its class. Responsible for: IT relationship management with the consumer marketing function Managing the pipeline of demand for IT from the Marketing function End to end delivery of IT projects and services Working with digital agencies on the development of web services Defining processes and driving change through The client is specifically looking for: Effective relationship builder across geographically dispersed IT and Marketing teams. Delivery focused Credible with consumer marketing disciplines Experience in the development of B2B web sites and web portals Experience of working on corporate and information systems, and business intelligence Past experience working with 3rd party suppliers and digital agencies Demonstrable track record in project management from conception to implementation This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SolutionManagerITMarketingCorporateandPartnerMarketing_job****