Title: controls validation engineer
Webindex: 69036703
Company: Advantage XPO
Description: Controls Validation Engineer Location  Stafford Salary  ****k ALSTOM GRID UK Ltd  Power Electronics HVDC and FACTS,Staffordis an international leader in Power Electronics and Control Technology, specialising in the engineering of High Voltage Direct Current (HVDC) Transmission Systems, Static VAR Compensators (SVC) and other FACTS Systems for power utilities worldwide. The purpose of the Control Systems department is to design, supply, test and commission complete realtime control systems for HVDC and SVC installations. The Role Controls Test Preparation Design and oversee building of test circuits. Responsible for the preparation of the test documentation Oversee connection of control equipment suites together and to RTDS equipment using contract and custom cabling Controls Testing Carry out routine testing and setup of individual equipment. Integration testing of suites of control cubicles FST/FAT testing of suites of control cubicles and preparation of test reports Oversee site Installation, Precommissioning and Commissioning both in the UK and Overseas. Technical documentation and internal standards Awareness of technical documentation and internal standards related to control system equipment and engineering procedures in order to ensure the required level of technical knowledge within the unit. Technical Supervision  Technical supervision and guidance of graduate engineers Internal and External Relations  Required to work within other departments within the unit. Represent the business in discussions with suppliers and clients. Keep contact with the customers in order to deliver technical support when needed. The Person Educational Requirements Engineering degree or equivalent with relevant experience Relevant project experience and the ability to carry out some test tasks without supervision. Proactive behaviour and good interpersonal skills Experience Design/test of microprocessor based control systems. General appreciation of overall HVDC systems and equipment Understanding of internal processes, procedures and workflow Fluency in English RTDS experience preferred but not essential Advantage Technical Resourcing is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/controlsvalidationengineer_job****