Title: Credit Risk Analyst Strategy Deployment  SAS
Webindex: 65648406
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Credit Risk Analyst – Strategy Deployment  SAS Location: Sheffield Salary: to **** Based in Portfolio Analytics the Analyst will be responsible for developing and deploying new (and changes to existing) decisioning strategies that sit behind the Bank’s systems (including acquisition and account management), using primarily SMg**** and SAS. The role will involve working on a range of projects requiring decisioning strategies, with minimum guidance. The jobholder will need to have project management skills as the role will cover diversified portfolios and solutions across countries within the European region. Your responsibilities will include: • Develop and deploy decisioning strategies within Bank systems, to maximise returns and support the operational teams. Interpret and clarify business requirements. • Work with multiple areas of the business and IT throughout each project stage from initiation through to postimplementation. • Ensure end user needs are considered during strategy design. • Develop a project plan and manage own projects and liaise with key business stakeholders, understand the requirements and recommend appropriate steps to drive projects to successful completion. • Promote the use of decisioning to the wider Bank community and actively assist other teams and share best practice. • Work closely with colleagues with Global Analytics Centre and support offshore project work and data protection rules. The ideal candidate for this role will have: • Experience working in relevant environment/s, i.e. Analytics experience in one or more of modelling, strategy design, cutoff / pricing optimisation • Past working experience in a relevant role, i.e. Analytics or Risk Management • Experience of using relevant software packages, i.e. SAS and SQL • Availability to undertake the travel required for this role, i.e. occasional travel between different sites in London, Sheffield, Chester, Birmingham & Leeds may be required • Role relevant qualifications, i.e. Degree educated in numerate discipline is desirable but not essential • A flexible and adaptable approach to change and will support others to respond in a similar way • Consistently achieved objectives set for them and taken action to improve their own performance • Both spoken and written communication skills with experience of adapting your style and approach to the audience and message to be delivered • Contributed productively to team objectives, sometimes supporting and sometimes leading activities to achieve shared goals • Experience of making timely and rational decisions, based on relevant information and experience • Experience of planning and prioritising their own time effectively, aware of their responsibilities and committed to delivering these efficiently • Supported project teams/managers, showing an understanding of the basic principles of project management Please send your CV to [contact details removed] or call Sophie Creswell on [contact details removed] .