Title: Senior Production Support Analyst  Oracle
Webindex: 68845623
Company: Kona Associates Limited
Description: Working for this global financial services company as a Senior Production Support Analyst  Oracle. You will be part of a team that manages the Oracle Server based production environments. The Senior Production Support Analyst  Oracle, will cover the following technologies: Oracle Database, PL/SQL and SQL AIX / Unix Informatica Datastage IBM Netezza As Senior Production Support Analyst  Oracle you will: Provide support of production environments and batch processing suites, liaising with Application Development as required ensuring incidents are resolved in a timely fashion. Perform code and data fix releases into the production environment (all application code changes are made by the Application Development team). Production Environment maintenance and DBA duties (including housekeeping, health checks, optimisations, capacity planning, backups, user access/security, patching). Participate in the build and configuration of new servers and hardware migrations/upgrades. Upgrade versions of supported software when required. Participate in project work as required. Production of technical documentation. Adherence to Sarbanes Oxley and Audit requirements and team processes procedures. Technical Skills Oracle Database PL/SQL and SQL AIX / Unix Informatica Datastage IBM Netezza Customer Service Skills Customer focused approach to IT service delivery. Ability to understand customer concerns and to address them in a professional and efficient manner. Develops professional relationships with key customers Develops quality control and maintains service standards. Team working A strong teamwork ethic with the ability to build and maintain relationships across multiple IT and Business departments to ensure a collaborative working environment. The ability to build strong working relationships with key individuals within the IT Operations function, allowing the department to work as a cohesive unit. A positive approach to conflict resolution, working with others as required achieving a positive outcome wherever possible. The ability to work under own initiative when required