Title: SEO Team Leader Leading Digital Agency
Webindex: 67650541
Company: Benchmark Recruit
Description: SEO Team Leader  Leading Digital Agency Harrogate ****k Base plus Excellent Benefits Our client is a leading internet marketing company. With a growing portfolio of services covering SEO, link building, social media and more, our client is well positioned to further grow their already impressive national client base. Due to growth, they now have an immediate opening for a SEO Team Leader to join their team. As a SEO Team Leader you will focus on delivering a high quality product, improving efficiency and maximising the team s potential through being a strong and inspirational team leader leading by example with energy and enthusiasm. You will oversee the day to day management of a team made up of Technical Account Managers, Link builders and Analysts, lead daily production meetings to focus on deadlines and address issues and ensure resources are effectively deployed to maximise efficiency. You will manage the facilitation and prioritisation of work, deliver ongoing performance management and monthly ****s complete a performance assessment in relation to clients, teams, processes and company. You will deliver training through the ongoing monitoring and assessment of the training needs within the team and help develop and deliver appropriate training programmes for teams and individuals. And maintain a thorough understanding of internal processes and systems ensuring all processes are up to date and the relevant information and audit trail is captured. Contact Benchmark for further information on this exciting SEO Team Leader role. The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate experience of managing and motivating a successful team, have proven experience in successfully managing multiple SEO campaigns and achieving results and strong leadership, people development and management skills. You will possess strong commercial awareness, an ability to make decisions and implement actions, have performance management skills and excellent analytical skills with the ability to interpret data and trends along with meticulous attention to detail. You will first class and fantastic communication skills with an ability to create rapport at all levels, be able to write well thoughtout, comprehensive commentary, reports and communication and have an ability to hold your own and facilitate productive, positive client meetings, face to face and on the telephone. The successful candidate can expect an initial base salary of ****k dependent upon previous SEO experience. An additional and generous benefits package, which includes a quarterly bonus, share options and free parking, will also be provided. Benchmark is a leading Sheffield based independent recruitment consultancy, specialising in Sales & Marketing, IT & Technical, Management & HR, Creative & Digital, Office, Legal & Financial Recruitment. With flexible solutions covering both the permanent and temporary recruitment sector, Benchmark actively recruits positions from Graduate trainee, entry level roles through to senior management positions. As a local company with a national reach, Benchmark delivers first class recruitment solutions for many of the regions leading employers. Recent assignments that have been successfully completed include: Technical Support, PHP Development, Software Engineering, Java Development, Web Design, Account Management, Sales Executives, Telesales, Financial Controller and numerous HR related positions. To find out more about us and to view all the latest vacancies, please visit Benchmark (url removed)