Title: Senior Logistics Planner
Webindex: 72126679
Company: Lorien Resourcing
Description: About Fujitsu Fujitsu UK and Ireland is a leading IT systems, services and products company employing **** people with an annual revenue of **** billion. Its business is in enabling its customers to realise their objectives by exploiting information technology through its integrated product and service portfolio. This includes consulting, applications, systems integration, managed services and product for customers in the private and public sectors including retail, financial services, telecoms, government, defence and consumer sectors. The Role This is an exciting role for an experience Logistics Planner to join Fujitsu. We are looking for a Senior Logistics Planner to work within the EUS ( End User Services ) logistics team, working within the existing stock planningteam, to manage an exciting and challenging client base. You will have account responsibility and will play a key role in helping Fujitsu to meet its customer Logistical commitments and demands with the minimum of inventory, managing call related demand, including the return logistics repair loop. As a Senior Logistics Planner your main responsibilities will involve:  Review customer demand patterns ensuring that adequate stock is available to meet customer service levels within all inventory locations  Plan and action repair orders for parts returned from end users  Making last time buy recommendations when manufacturers communicate potential discontinuance of stock to ensure that adequate stock levels are maintained to meet continued customer service agreements  Identifying excess stock items and manage these out of the business by selling them on or terminating their use  Managing all inventory by means of assessing contract demand levels against actual demand and planning accordingly to meet customer commitments  Liaising with internal and external customers and suppliers on an ongoing basis to ensure agreed targets are consistently met  Producing Account reports of inventory root analysis and any other reports required by other areas of the business and customers  Attending Service Reviews and represent Planning  Facilitating Product Life Cycle reviews  Promoting and Implement Lean Principles As a Senior Logistics Planner your skills and qualifications will include:  Logistics and/or CIPS qualified.  Educated to degree level or equivalent  Familiarity with computer parts/ AddOne / ByBox Thinventory  Experience in Supply chain management and inventory management  Extensive decision making skills  Attention to Detail  Commercial Awareness  Excellent and proven communication skills About You Fujitsu is a “People Company” and our success is built on the skills, knowledge and expertise of our people. You will be a positive, driven individual who thrives on challenges and constantly endeavours to deliver excellence and process improvement, both to your team, Fujitsu and our customers. The Benefits Competitive salary plus 25 days holiday, life assurance, medical insurance and bonus. Diversity Fujitsu is fully committed to the development of a diverse workforce. Therefore applications for employment are always fully considered, irrespective of gender, ethnic origin, race, faith, sexual orientation or parttime status. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorLogisticsPlanner_job****