Title: Networks & Linux Consultant
Webindex: 72127091
Company: Faulkner Scott Ltd
Description: My client is a leading, international Technology Services Organisation with a base south of Oxford They currently have an exciting opportunity for a Networks Linus Consultant to join their thriving business. They are seeking a Technical Consultant with strong technical ability in Cisco Networking and Linux server administration  plus good customer facing skills  for an operational role involving client consultancy services, design, and ongoing administration for their major managedservice clients. Your responsibilities will include, but not be limited to  Network and linux infrastructure administration for deployed client infrastructures. Support escalations as part of delivering infrastructure managed services to clients Technical consultancy, both presales and infrastructure project delivery. Design elaboration and project scoping. Service transition and change activities My client is looking for an experienced a technical consultant with advanced technical skills in Cisco and Linux administration. You will have a strong track record of projects, client interaction and infrastructure support, using these technologies. You will know how to mitigate risks, anticipate problems and consider cost angles for a 'right first time' approach. It is also important can work seamlessly with others of the same level of ability, and tailor your approach when asked. You will be expected to have experience with most, if not all of the following  Good understanding of the challenges of designing and building fault tolerant, resilient infrastructure including a good degree of practical experience in TCP/IP theory Network topology design ability, incorporating knowledge of good firewalllevel security practices Practical knowledge of advanced uses of Cisco IOS routers Product evaluation and the ability to spot new and upcoming technology that could be beneficial to our customers Practical knowledge of Cisco switches including trunking and interconnections, IPSEC VPNs, Cisco ASA/PIX firewalls (ideally IPS modules) This is an exciting opportunity to join a forward thinking organisation who work with a variety of large scale interesting clients. Offering real opportunities for career development, progression and training, this really isn't an opportunity to be missed. To find out more, please send in an updated CV and a covering letter detailing your suitability to the role at the first instance. CPS Group (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NetworksLinuxConsultant_job****