Title: Cisco Network Security Architect Data Centre Gold Partner
Webindex: 71305139
Company: Jam Recruitment Ltd
Description: Position:Network Security Architect| CCIE | CCNP, CCDP Salary: ****  ****k car allowance  1020% bonus Location:Home based (offices allround the country) The Background: Following a period of sustained growth an opportunity has arisen for a Network Security Architect to join the thriving Network division of a wellknown Consultancy Practice based in the UK. The Network Security Architect will be responsible for providing presales and post sales consultancy in multiple enterprise scale security engagements as well as driving standards within the practice. They will develop Security projects, as well as staying at the forefront of emergent technologies and vendors. The Role: The successful Network Security Architect will be involved all forms of consultancy throughout the full lifecycle of projects. They will assist with the Presales technical requirements, attend customer strategy meetings and ultimately understand the technical business requirements of the customer. Responsibilities will extend to authorising enterprise scale Security Designs, developing business cases, providing SOW documentation and handingover project initiation to implementation engineers. You: Must have good experience and current accreditation in Cisco and Juniper security solutions. Checkpoint, Fortinet, Symantec and RSA knowledge, experience and accreditation an advantage. Strong routing and switching skills with the ability to design complex technical networking solutions. Ability to design enterprise scale security solutions for complex Unified Communications and Networking opportunities Cisco presales, design and delivery experience To have worked as a lead technical consultant, leading a team of technical consultants in postsales delivery of projects To have worked on consultancy assignments within a wide variety of organisations. Experience of working within a number of large organisations (more than **** IT users) Leadership and organisational skills with the ability to provide technical leadership mentoring Security experience  Firewalls, VPN (SSL/IPSec), IDS/IPS, Authentication, Identity Based Management, TrustSec, virtual security Vendor experience  Cisco, Checkpoint, Juniper, Citrix, RSA, Symantec, Fortinet General experience  Routing and Switching, Load Balancing, Application Acceleration, Wireless LAN, Data Centre, Virtualisation Vendor experience  Cisco, Juniper, F**** HP, Brocade, Citrix, Bluecoat, VMWare Must have current CCIE Security (both written and Lab) View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CiscoNetworkSecurityArchitectDataCentreGoldPartner_job****