Title: FrontEnd Web Developer / Web Designer  Burton upon Trent
Webindex: 65453137
Company: Cordius
Description: FrontEnd Web Developer, Web Designer, PHP Developer, Web Developer, HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript (JQuery), WordPress, Adobe Creative Suite, MySQL, Midlands, Staffordshire, Derbyshire, Burton. 12 Month FixedTerm Contract Working within a multidisciplined team at this Leading PLC you will help develop, update and maintain a large ecommerce and communications site. This involves working closely with inhouse teams including Visual and UX Designers, Marketers, Product Specialists and Content Creators to help deliver an industry leading site that supports partner businesses, while creating value and profit for our business. Ideally you will be a hybrid FrontEnd Developer/Designer (although we are primarily looking for your strongest skills to be on the Development side); you will be comfortable working individually as well as part of a close team  happy to take direction but comfortable making your own decisions in your area of expertise. You will be comfortable handcoding production ready HTML, CSS, PHP and JavaScript (JQuery) and will have previously developed and implemented WordPress themes from scratch. Key Accountabilities: Coding HTML / CSS layouts and assets based on sketches, mockups and HTML prototypes. Working with the UX Including responsive layouts for desktop and mobile delivery. Developing and testing WordPress sites. Create new functionality and interactions such as online calculators and other widgets. Working with our marketing team and other business users you will create crossclient email templates to support our campaigns. Create design assets and advertising banners with industry standard software such as Adobe Creative Suite. Prepare web optimised product images and banners. Technical / Professional Expertise Required Experience of producing fast, functional and usable websites Able to write clean, maintainable, commented code that others can understand. Experience in eCommerce and supporting the content and design needs of websites and ensuring that development work fits within the agreed information architecture and design guidelines. WordPress (Theme creation and customisation) PHP HTML, CSS, HTML5 JavaScript (JQuery) MYSQL (preferable, but not essential) W****C standards (preferable) An eye for design and aesthetic sensibilities Commercial eCommerce Experience Industry standard design software (Adobe Photoshop/Creative Suite) Understanding of good User Experience Location: Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, Derbyshire Salary: circa **** Pro Rata  Bonus  Benefits Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates