Title: Technical Engineer  MCTIP  Basingstoke  ****k
Webindex: 68093426
Company: Nitor
Description: Technical Engineer  MCTIP Basingstoke **** Our client is a dynamic, growing IT Services Solutions Company seeking an experienced professional with good communication skills. The organisation is recognised as a leader in the field of corporate computing transformation and its related technical services. They are now seeking a Technical Engineer to join their team. This is the ideal role for a candidate certified as MCITP: Server Administrator (or very close to completion) looking to join a dynamic and fast growing company. Offering the chance to work with a broad range of clients across a variety of industries, the successful candidate will benefit from excellent professional development opportunities and training. In this varied role, your duties will include: Implement technical solution at clients’ sites according to design specifications. Provide technical support as required by the UKN Service Desk including field service activities. Perform reactive and proactive research and development in line with business requirements and as directed by the business. Focus on delivering quality solutions, on time and to planned effort. Adherence to, and contribute to company quality standards for technical service design packages and their delivery into live operation. To be considered, you must have/be: Certified as MCITP: Server Administrator or be very close to completion Experience of AD Group Policy design and admin Good understandingand experience of Server Based Computing and thin client technologies Good understanding and experience in virtualisation technologies – server and desktop (Microsoft) Knowledge and experience in application virtualisation (AppV) You must have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. A keen eye for detail and the ability to manage your time effectively are also crucial. Knowledge of project management and experience of working in an ITIL environment is desirable. Additional Keywords: Windows Engineer, VMware Engineer, MCSA, MCSE, MCTIP, VMware Engineer, IT Engineer, Infrastructure Engineer, Infrastructure Architect, IT Systems Engineer, Systems Engineer, Development Engineer, Infrastructure Engineer, Professional Services Consultant, Windows Server Engineer, Technical Consultant. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalEngineerMCTIPBasingstoke****k_job****