Title: MS Dynamics AX, Support Analyst, London, C****k
Webindex: 70770713
Company: Nigel Frank International
Description: Permanent MS Dynamics AX Application Support Analyst, Central London, c****k. My Client is a medium sized multinational organisation, working with many of the world s leading companies across 135 countries worldwide. They are immediately seeking an MS Dynamics AX Support Analyst for their perfectly located Central London office. Core Responsibilites; As an MS Dynamics AX Support Analyst your key focus will be on providing 1st and 2nd line support for multiple applications, as well as researching new technologies to develop the business and financial systems for some of the world s leading end user organisations. Additionally you will; Be the first and main point of contact for clients Work alongside Business Analysts to help them gain understanding of technical specifications on projects Work with other support analysts and developers to create enhancements to business support systems to deliver to clients Help carry out research for new technologies to recommend to clients Candidate Requirements Strong MS Dynamics AX ****nowledge Knowledge of at least one of the business reporting tools (e.g. SSRS, SSAS, ZAP) Knowledge of SQL **** or higher Experience in supporting medium scale IT solutions Experienced in working with remote clients and teams Strong organisational skills to work multiple jobs Excellent relationship building skills Creative approach to identifying new business opportunities This is a fantastic opportunity, for a creative thinking MS Dynamics AX Support Analyst to take direct control of projects for multinational clients to improve the functionality of their business and application systems, for an impressively reputable, vastly growing organisation who are offering a rewarding enjoyable career opportunity. To discuss this role and for other impressive Dynamics AX / Axapta positions please send your CV or call Sam Cook on (Apply online only) in complete confidence. Nigel Frank International is the leading Dynamics AX / Axapta recruitment firm in the UK, advertising more Dynamics jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners and End Users throughout the UK and Europe and we have never had more live requirements jobs for Microsoft Dynamics AX / Axapta professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the market I have built relationships with key employers in the UK and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities & Dynamics AX / Axapta jobs are. Please visit (url removed) for more exciting Dynamics AX / Axapta opportunities