Title: Head of Technical Alliances
Webindex: 69546324
Company: Experis IT
Description: A Head of Technical Alliances with strong experience of managing engagements with large third party software providers/technology vendors is required to join the world's leading source of news and information combining industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers. This is an excellent opportunity for a Head of Technical Alliances coming from a large software or consultancy provider acting as an interface between your client and technology software providers to ensure that these vendors are aware of your client's needs and due to this they are versatile to meet your needs. This is an excellent opening for experienced professionals who have managed vendors for large IT Consultancies to join a global business operating in over 100 countries who are at the forefront of delivering intelligent information quickly and efficiently. The Head of Technical Alliances will essentially be the point of contact and decision maker that stands between the organisation and their third party software providers. You will be tasked on ensuring that your end client's software needs are met quickly and efficiently and that cutting edge software is communicated effectively by yourself to both them and your own organisation. Your main responsibilities will be split across two main areas: Indirect Strategy  You will be responsible for conducting assessments in to the revenue contribution of current OEM's (original equipment manufacturers) partners so as to understand the priority and segmentations that can be applied for. You will also establish KPI's against which vendors can be assessed. Vendor Relationships  you will present business justification for continued engagements with partners, identify and deliver appropriate communication frameworks for ongoing dialogue and work with vendors to support their RFP's. In order to be considered for this role it is essential that you are an experienced Head of Technical Alliances with strong experience of managing engagements with large third party software providers. You will have extensive experience of acting as an interface between your organisation and client and internally and with software providers. Ideally you will have come from a Solutions Sales background and you will have an appreciation of the financial services arena. To be considered for this role please apply now or call Amy Johnson on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/HeadofTechnicalAlliances_job****