Title: Java / Scala / Ruby Dynamic Developer
Webindex: 71198147
Company: Alexander Black Recruitment Limited
Description: Yes it s a start up, yes its bleeding edge, language is irrelevant I want bright technologists who can cut solid code. I offer relocation for strong candidates. Alexander Black Recruitment is urgently looking for a Java / Scala / Ruby to join our high profile client. Our client is a brand new financial data technology start up. They enable rapid trading transactions to be processed and are innovators in algorithm matching, big data and language processing. They are well known to take intractable problems the trading industry faces, employing highlyparallel algorithms, naturallanguage parsing and a diverse, cuttingedge technology stack. The company structure is very flat and everyone writes code. They are funded by several major banks. I am looking for a candidate who hacks code for pleasure, takes pride in their works and displays a keen interest in learning new technologies (boys toys). My client doesn t care what language they use they pick the best tools for the job. Day to day work will be highly varied and across the entire stack. The Java / Scala / Ruby developer will:  Cut code (a big surprise to many)  Core software Dev  Infrastructure improvement  Research new approaches  More cutting code  Technical decision making and strategy Candidates MUST have:  Ideally 2 years professional experience although bright graduates in computer science will be considered.  DEGREE in COMPUTER SCIENCE  Object oriented C++ or Java  Dynamic programming languages especially Ruby and Python  Web Technologies specially Ruby on Rails, CoffeeScript, Backbone.js, HTML, SASS/CSS  SQL and NoSQL database technologies ideally Redis  XML  Antlr (again ideally)  Build technologies in Maven, CMake and Rake  An appetite for delivering solutions to complex problem This role suits a candidate in the not in the banking sector looking for a move. You must be hands on and have excellent experience of networking in a demanding environment. You will also be a techie motivated by technology. In return you will be rewarded seriously financially. The environment is that of Facebook or Google, relaxed open with time to think and make the right decisions. The atmosphere is calm and relaxed with an open dress code. This is a role for techies, those who are motivated by the sharp end of technology and the possibility of making serious money doing something you are passionate about. My client is based in London If this sounds of interest then please send your most recent cv to bankingalexanderblackrecruitment.co.uk or call James Holland on **** **** **** Linux HPC HFT Systems Infrastructure