Title: Service Manager (Mobile phone exp)
Webindex: 69250025
Company: Clearchoice Careers Ltd
Description: Service Manager role to manage a team responsible for maintaining a range of mobile products for Telecoms company that has eliminated global roaming rates inside their global network. As the Service Manager you will be working as part of the Labs team, responsible for maintaining mobile apps and innovations around real time communications for a range of the company s products. You ll build and manage a systems and operations team. Their SIM card is available as a product for individuals, large companies and small to medium companies. Local rates and local numbers are currently available in the UK, US and Australia, with many more countries coming soon. Role:  To act as a Service Manager for the mobile phone Labs department  To Build and manage a systems and operations team capable of maintaining the software in production  Develop and deliver against SLAs with other areas of the business, and with customers  Create and manage processes that deliver routine server and service maintenance Key Responsibilities:  Managing the team responsible for maintaining software for a range of their mobile product range.  Maintenance of a range of mobile. Ensure owners of operational actions complete them and provide regular updates.  Drive continuous improvement in the customer experience by coordinating operation and customer service resources to work together on effective fault resolution.  Ensure service processes are understood and followed by all teams, recommending changes or improvements as necessary. o Coordinate a rapid reduction in the time to resolve customer and service impacting problems through process improvement. o Identify and understand key operational issues affecting service and ensure that the appropriate operational functions are aligned in working towards a rapid solution. Core Skills required:  5 years leading Operations, Service and/or Development teams  Strong ability to lead, coach and motivate a team of highly talented individuals  Experience with maintaining high quality server and mobile software with global distribution  Technical expertise in handling the design challenges of maintaining scalable and reliable solutions  Proven track record of establishing and maintaining strong crossteam working relationships and collaboration  Demonstrated excellence in communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills  Demonstrated leadership ability  Undergraduate degree in computer science, math, MIS or technical disciplines or equivalent education or experience required  Technical background in System Administration ideal  Experience in building teams a big plus.  Operational service management experience in a technology environment  Customercentric operational background,  Excellent problem solving ability  Very strong verbal and written communication skills.  Mobile Telecommunications knowledge base an advantage. Our Service Manager  Qualities  Enthusiasm, tenacity and drive  Attention to detail  Comfortable with change and uncertainty  Ability to listen and learn  Natural Leadership ability Our Service Manager  Qualifications  Degree qualified  essential  Service Management qualification such as ITIL  preferred  Business Process qualifications / training such as TMForum, BPM etc  not essential  Change / project management qualifications such as Prince ****  not essential