Title: Solutions Architect  SIMS
Webindex: 71306772
Company: Capita Resourcing – Jobs at Capita
Description: Capita Children's Services are seeking a Solution Architect who will be responsible for creating great software and motivating and managing a strong software engineering team. You will work collaboratively with members of product management, business analysis and project management to design and delivery quality software on time and to budget. Job Description: As the team's technical design authority, the Solution Architect ensures that the Scrum Team works in a technically consistent way, meets the desired technical quality standards and aligns to the technical architecture defined at project level by the Technical Coordinator. This role provides the technical 'glue' that holds the team together while advising on technical decisions and innovation. The Solution Architect will normally also have some matrix responsibilities for the development of staff and their capability as a software engineer, including personal development reviews. Solution Development and Delivery: Design and code superior technical solutions. Recognise system deficiencies and implement effective solutions. Establish, maintain, communicate and enforce coding standards and practices. Manage continuous integration, build and release processes. Project Execution: Derive technical requirements from requirements/stories produced by business analysts Facilitate team and intercompany meetings. Develop relationships with key project stakeholders including product management, business analysis and project management Communicate effectively with business analysts to identify needs and evaluate alternative business solutions with project management. Continually seek opportunities to increase customer satisfaction. Manage business expectations effectively. Create and execute iteration plans and revises as appropriate to meet changing needs and requirements. Take oversight / ownership of complex tasks or developments Review work of the team. Organisational Responsibilities: Mentor those with less experience through informal channels. Seek and participate in development opportunities above and beyond required training. Actively participate in the skill development of your colleagues (workshops, presentations) Suggest areas for improvement in internal processes along with possible solutions. Actively contribute to corporate knowledge base. Core Competencies: Design and Architecture. Excellent knowledge of design patterns and object orientated design. Excellent knowledge of object orientated architecture. Excellent knowledge of performing test driven development and using mocking frameworks. Possesses significant knowledge of ntier architecture, domain driven design, service orientated architecture. Broad understanding of a variety of programming technologies and engineering practices. Able to create well designed, reusable objects. Understands the benefits of the various design methodologies and object oriented environments. Required Skills: Extensive knowledge of the .NET ****/**** Framework, including Visual Studio 2010, C, ASP.NET, and WCF Web Services. Excellent knowledge of Visual C ****/**** with a strong understanding of software engineering best practices. Strong Knowledge of Windows Forms. Strong understanding of multithreaded applications and .NET framework internals. Knowledge and experience of source control best practices with Subversion or Team Foundation Server. Understanding of complex relational database concepts and design including normalisation. Strong Microsoft SQL Server and TSQL experience including SQL Server 2008 Ability to design and optimize SQL Server 2008 stored procedures. Able to produce documentation to a high standard. Desired Skills Knowledge of Windows Presentation Foundation, Silverlight. Knowledge of Entity Framework or LINQ to SQL and ADO.NET. Knowledge of Message Oriented Middleware. Knowledge of SharePoint **** 2010. Professional and Organisational Qualities: Able to direct and develop solutions as a leader of a team or as an individual. Entrepreneurial spirit, personal and professional integrity and a desire to relentlessly strive to obtain excellence A team player with good interpersonal and communications skills who generates enthusiasm among team members High attention to detail and exceptional technical knowledge. Ability to adapt quickly to existing, complex environments. Ability to quickly learn new concepts and software as necessary. Challenges others to develop while serving as a role model. Facilitates effective team interaction. Acknowledges and appreciates each team member's contributions. Delivers informative, wellorganised presentations. Monitor and manage team member's performance and quality. Understands how to communicate difficult/sensitive information tactfully. Establish working relationships with other sections of the solutions teams (testing, integration, UAT) Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SolutionsArchitectSIMS_job****