Title: quality assurance tester  germany
Webindex: 68361039
Company: eCom Recruitment
Description: My client is a leading digital agency and is currently looking for a senior automation tester to work on a fantastic project for a great client in Munich. This is a fixed term 12 month contract paying up to €**** Candidates will ideally have digital agency experience. Requirements:  Be considered an expert tester and through the application of quality assurance systems, methodologies and testing tools, ensure all technical solutions and products are tested efficiently and effectively.  Gather and understand requirements from the client, other teams at the earliest and most appropriate time. Have effective communication skills in addition to analytical, logical and technical skills. The reason for this is that there are always specifications and requirements, not formally documented and as QA should be able to extract this hidden requirements and specification from the customers and developers and document them and express as user stories.  Work on extending requirements and create acceptance criteria for them.  Develop detailed test strategies which take into consideration multiple testing techniques, plans and reports for each project.  Understand how and when different types of testing complement each other and successfully define and apply multiple testing techniques to project, including performance testing, security, compatibility and tracking/analytics.  Test coverage  ensures test cases and scripts have full coverage of all client requirements.  Differentiate between functional and nonfunctional requirements and ensure full coverage of both. Anticipates edge conditions and scenarios. Understands when it is required to test beyond the stated requirements.  Conduct compatibility tests using other browsers, operating systems, mobile devices and tablets, hardware/software and network configurations.  Execute functional testing, load and performance testing using various tools and conduct sanity and regression testing on relevant projects.  Monitor the work, despite daytoday pressures. Provides insightful advice and support to colleagues.  Document, track and communicate test plans, test and use cases, test results, analysis and unresolved problems efficiently and effectively.  Identify, analyse and document defects, questionable functions, errors and inconsistencies in user functions, outputs, online screens and content.  Review project overview documents and contribute from a quality assurance perspective.  Generate accurate estimates across multiple projects.  Provide quality assurance signoff on specific projects. Technical skills: Recent experience testing on iPhone/iPad/Android devices, various browsers: IE, Chrome, FF (must) Automation experience with tools such as Selenium WebDriver, automated testing on Mobile Devices for iOS and Android (should) BDD tools such as Cucumber (should) Scripting experience in Java, JS, ObjectiveC (should) Experience in security/performance/tracking/seo testing (could) hirenecomrecruitment.com This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/qualityassurancetestergermany_job****