Title: Data Analyst High Wycombe up to ****/h
Webindex: 69171355
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: My client, a globally recognised pharmaceutical company are looking for a data analyst to assist with the collation and presentation of the medical devices directive Sector Quality and Compliance metrics. This position will provide support to the Compliance Program Director and VP Regulatory Compliance for MDD Regulatory Compliance. This role requires agility to prepare both regular and ad hoc data requests for a variety of stakeholders in MDD; from individual companies to process improvement project teams and teams preparing Executive Committee communications. The metrics include all aspects of Quality and Compliance from tracking of MDD Sector audit program and outcomes, field actions and regulatory body inspections to sitespecific metrics such as training completion, or complaint closure timeliness. This is a 2 month contract which potentially may be extended and it is based in offices in High Wycombe. The responsibilities include:  tracking of field actions and external inspection outcomes across all MDD sites worldwide  tracking access of staff worldwide to use the Corporate database and provision of standard training  analysis of external inspection outcomes by manual abstraction of data from a database  use of excel formats, pivot tables and PowerPoint for data display  tracking of audit program progress and outcomes  use of simple Corporate databases and Cognos reporting systems  use of lists in SharePoint sites and data down loads  various presentations for existing metrics for analysis e.g. tools for trending of data  Searching of web browsers for retrieval of industry trends for compliance e.g. competitor Warning letters and analysis of data Qualification  Minimum  Bachelor degree in science related subject  Expert use of Microsoft Office programs  essential  Expertise at pivot tables, excel and PowerPoint is essential  Demonstrated expertise in use of simple databases  ideal  Use of Minitab program (Preferred)  Use of complex SharePoint sites and data downloads  ideal  Use of web browsers for data retrieval  preferred This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DataAnalystHighWycombeupto****h_job****