Title: Senior IT Technician
Webindex: 68695824
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Junior IT Technician to join the UK's leading supplier of educationally rich group tours, school ski trips and activity focused tours. They are currently looking to recruit a driven and ambitious Senior IT Technician with the ability to provide all levels of IT support to local and remote users. The role would suit a person with strong IT skills and experience in networking, PC repair and business systems (including servers and related software, telephone systems etc). The role is responsible for ensuring their technical services are running efficiently twentyfour/seven in order to support their business effectively. Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities:  Responsible for keeping all core IT equipment and services running by utilising your own skills, your colleagues and those of external IT service providers contracted to the Company.  Responsible for Active Director and DNS settings, daily backups, Microsoft Exchange email, servers and Cisco router/firewall.  First line desktop support for head office users, field sales staff and overseas operations including answering queries on computer, telephone, printer faults, building/setting up of computer and telephone systems, helping remote staff with connectivity issues.  Support the Nortel BCM telephone system including managing users, creating and maintaining skill sets and hunt groups.  Liaison with IT suppliers to ensure equipment and supplies are ordered on time and to budget  Work to minimise technical downtime of systems.  Take responsibility for and champion IT issues across the office and remote users.  Get involved in ad hoc project work as directed by Head of IT  Providing monthly reports to the Executive team and other ad hoc reports as required. To be successful in your application you need to be able to demonstrate the followings skills and experience:  Experience of installing and configuring Windows Server **** and ****  Good knowledge of Windows 7, XP, Windows Server 2008, Mail Server and Microsoft Office suites.  Excellent understanding of networking including the set up and administration of wireless networks.  Knowledge of antivirus solutions, firewalls and web content access control.  Experience of managing telephony systems, preferably Nortel BCM or similar.  Excellent time management skills with the ability to prioritise workload according to others needs.  Ability to work on own initiative as well as part of a diverse team that includes internal and external stakeholders.  Excellent customer service and communication skills in order to deal with the needs of the business politely and efficiently.  Willingness and enthusiasm to continually develop technical skills in line with the needs of the business  This position will require the post holder to provide and organise out of hours support. Please only apply if you have the relevant skills and experience required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorITTechnician_job****