Title: Junior Project Manager  Software Implementation Projects
Webindex: 69191115
Company: Webrecruit UK
Description: Junior Project Manager  Software Implementation Projects Watford, Hertfordshire (office/field based, covering the UK) ****  **** Plus Generous Mileage Allowance, Expenses As a provider of specialist solutions to the housing repairs sector, our client is clearly established as the market leader in the supply of workforce scheduling software. They are now seeking a Junior Project Manager to join their team. This is the ideal role for a project manager with experience of software implementation projects looking to join a rapidly expanding company with a strong, progressive culture where there are excellent long term career prospects. As a Junior Project Manager, you will be responsible for assisting with the supervision of our client's ongoing projects. With your expertise, you will deliver the company's scheduling and mobile applications whilst dealing with IT related issues. As part of your role, you will spend around 30% of your time on the road visiting client sites throughout the UK to ensure projects are on track and clients are happy with the service they receive. On occasion this will involve overnight stays. To be considered, you must have:  Project management experience  A background in software project implementations (ERP type implementations)  A full driving licence and access to your own vehicle As a Junior Project Manager, you must have a structured approach with a flexible 'cando' attitude. Equally important are your interpersonal and communication skills and ability to work under pressure. Although not essential, any technical skills relating to Windows, MySQL or Apache and/or Tomcat would be beneficial to your application. To apply for the role of Junior Project Manager, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Junior Project Manager, Software Implementation Project Manager, Project Management, Junior Software Implementation Manager, Project Manager, Software Implementation Project Manager, ERP Project Manager.