Title: Oracle R**** Functional Support Analyst  Finance Procurement
Webindex: 67803456
Description: Oracle R**** Functional Support Analyst  Finance ProcurementAn opportunity has arisen for a Functional Support Analyst to support Oracle EBusiness Suite R****'s Finance and Procurement modules at a major Government sector client.Role Responsibilities:You will provide handson Oracle functional support for eBusiness Suite R**** Core Financials (GL, AP, AR, SLA, eTax, etc.) and Procurement (iProc, core Purchasing, etc.) modules.You will be responsible for system changes, enhancements and developments to Oracle EBS Financial and Procurement modules. You will provide testing patches and data fixes on the test systems.You will be the Procurement/Financials applications specialist, leading analysis into system problems to determine type of problem and appropriate resolution. Work with Oracle on Service Requests, ensuring Customers and Service Desk are advised on the progress of the incident and problem resolution. You will create functional documentation and specifications.Skills and Experience Required:Extensive Functional Support experience of Oracle EBusiness Suite R****:  Core Financials (GL, AR, AP, CM)  iProcurement  Purchasing  eTax  Sub Ledger Accounting  Approvals Management EngineA technical understanding of Tablelevel investigation using SQL DiagnosticsExperience in working in a service environment with large enterprise environment and in line with service standardsApply Now for Immediate Consideration and a complete job description. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy.