Title: Software Programme Manager  Full Life Cycle Develp Experts
Webindex: 55410011
Company: Informatiq Consulting
Description: Defence Sector Software Programme Manager  Full Life Cycle software development Location Cambridgeshire Salary  ****k  Benefits A superb career opportunity for a talented , experienced software Project Manager / Programme Manager with has proven experience in managing software development programmes . Ideally you will have delivered Software Projects within safetyrelated engineering environments, however as long as you have proven full life cycle development expertise , then you can be trained on the safetycritical certification side  Software Programme Manager  Key Responsibilities   Work closely with the Engineering Manager for understanding the process and certification requirements and to accordingly plan and ensure projects remain on target to meet deadlines.  Liaise with the Director of Programmes to understand the project contractual requirements and obtain commitment of resources. To manage resources assigned, by creating an environment by ensuring successful on time delivery within budget.  Ensure that all relevant stakeholders for all phases of the programme lifecycle are identified and involved as and when required and obtain commitment to all applicable decisions and necessary obligations to the program.  Arrange certification/ project review within the program to coincide with agreed key project milestones within program plans.  To accurately assess the key areas of vulnerability in the project software development and derisk the commercial outcome.  Work closely with Software Engineering Manager to provide estimates for new software development programmes or modifications to existing programmes.  Conduct software development meetings (including scrum meetings) Software Programme Manager  Skills and Experience required   Proven software development programme management/leadership experience in an engineering organization  Strong understanding of the software development lifecycle  Evidence of successful delivery of safety critical software embedded systems.  Evidence of effective software subcontract management  Strong knowledge of contracts, to understand technology implications and/or challenges.  Degree Educated If the above sounds like you , and you are seeking a new , senior level challenge  then do not hesitate to contact me ,or even better send your cv