Title: Operations Analyst ****; IT Quotations, MS Office
Webindex: 67211746
Description: Job Title: Operations Analyst  IT Customer Solutions, ERP, MS office, IT Quotations, IT Administration. Skills: Operations Analyst, MS office, PowerPoint, Word and Excel, IT Solution Quotations, Administration, order processing, Any inhouse ERP systems / Bespoke solutions. Location: Hungerford, Berkshire Due to increased growth and success of the company a new position for an Operations technical Analyst to work from it Hungerford offices. The Operations Analyst will play a key support role within the operations team whose main responsibility will be to provide the function with day to day operational management of processes and procedures for all the Clients ERP Solutions. Working within the Operations Delivery Team, the Operations Analyst will assist in the determining, quoting and implementing of solutions to prospects and customers. You will capture information on solutions to ensure customers and colleagues are kept updated on project progress. Company: Our client is a leading global software services company providing advanced IT software solutions to various industries. The company has over 30 years of experience, working with its Tier **** customers in many sectors and has built up a unique depth of knowledge and expertise, a reputation for classleading products. The Company looks for individuals who value being part of a winning team and enjoy working in an energetic and dynamic environment that rewards dedication and hard work. The company strives to offer security for both staff and customers and provides excellent products and quality services to its focused market areas. Employment at the Company is based solely on individual merit and qualifications directly related to professional competence. With through ongoing training and career management, the Company offers opportunities for individual growth and development. Role:  To take a lead within the Operations Delivery Team in understanding solutions to be quoted to customers.  Manage partner documentation for specific customer solutions (i.e. Statement of Work, Quote, Project Requirements).  You will coordinate quotations, tasks and projects and follow signed quotations through to delivery; maintaining accurate records of project milestones and billing.  Commercial understanding of the quote process within an IT organisation.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate meaningfully at both board and end user level Skills and Experience Required:  Ideally educated to degree Level or similar experience  Excellent administration and IT support skills, including using PowerPoint, Word and Excel as well as bespoke ERP systems (data input and order processing).  Experience of working in an IT environment delivering solutions; including: ERP, Servers, PCs, Printers, Networks and Telecommunications. Remuneration for the Operations Analyst Salary: **** ****  Bonus  Good Benefits Start: ASAP Skills: Operations Analyst, MS office, PowerPoint, Word and Excel, Any ERP systems / Bespoke solutions, IT Quotations, Documentation