Title: Human Resources Advisor
Webindex: 65692351
Company: Xerox
Description: PURPOSE OF ROLE To contribute towards the achievement of HR goals by providing support to the MEA HR team through the effective management of key HR reporting processes across the region and to DMO. MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES HR Admin support to the HR Manager. Duties include updating the employee database and processing offers and changes for payroll cutoff. Employee Inductions/Exit Interviews Managing the induction of new employees and conducting interviews (non GB) when employees leave the company. Maintain and provide HR management data and information for the MEA HR database including running monthly reports from SAP. Responsible for the accurate and timely completion of the following processes: PEP Monitoring and Tracking Business Ethics / Code of Conduct Training Zero Injury Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Manage the MEA shared drive, ensuring all information is saved in a organised way and improving the current folder structure. Provide support to the HR Manager in the preparation of activities such as Succession Planning, Headcount Planning and Approvals and Salary Adjustments. XLMS MEA coordinator for Learning at Xerox. AdHoc Duties include; preparing information for meetings, supporting the collection documenting and improving processes, providing information to managers and employees and supporting implementation of programmes such as Earnings Review and APIP. Degree Discipline It is preferable that applicants have a degree in Human Resource Management. Administration and Organisational Skills.  Ability to be organised, with a methodical and structured approach to prioritisation The jobholder will require experience in analysing and integration and interpretation of data The applicant will need to be proactive and a self starter. An interest in working in a fast moving and dynamic environment is crucial The ability to communicate effectively to all employees, including those who first language is not English. The applicant must have a very good understanding of the Microsoft suite, especially Excel. An active team member willing to support others. Good individual worker, able to self motivate and work unsupervised. Flexibility to work across multiple time zones and arranging working hours around this The applicant must have Cultural Awareness  Previous experience of working in a multicountry environment is an advantage