Title: SQL Server Database Administrator/DBA
Webindex: 70782078
Company: Reed Technology
Description: SQL Server Database Administrator/DBA SQL Server Database Administrator/DBA sought to work in a busy ICT department of a large public sector organisation covering Hampshire, Berkshire, Buckinghamshire Oxfordshire and based in Winchester, Hampshire. Role Responsibilities Development and design of the database strategy Ensure that information is managed in line with best practice Audit of incoming data Utilize data profiling and data quality tools, as well as with various data sources to cover and determine root causes of data quality issues. Together with the Reporting Manager, establish a data quality methodology documenting a repeatable set of processes for determining, investigating and resolving data quality issues, establishing an ongoing process for maintaining quality data, and defining data quality audit procedures. Monitor and improving database performance and capacity Planning for future expansion requirements. Implementation and coordination of security measures to safeguard the databases. Ensuring that SQL Server databases for which the team is responsible are properly implemented, maintained, designed with strong performance monitoring and Provide assistance to other team members writing QlikView (Business Intelligence) reports. Maintenance of legacy SSIS ETL packages. Development of an ETL tool written in C that transforms data from business databases to a data warehouse. Ongoing development of C ASP.NET intranet applications using the MVC framework. Candidate RequirementsFirst class SQL Server 2005/**** skills including TSQL, stored procedures and SSIS. Strong database modelling and best practices experience C, .NET, ASP.NET, JavaScript, JQuery, MVC Ability to manage complex datasets Excellent time management skills, able to deliver quality work to agreed deadlines Proven ability to strategically plan departmental development in a challenging environment Able to initiate and lead programmes of change, departmentally generating ideas and innovative ways of working Good project management skills, managing outcomes and delivering to deadlines without compromising performance across a multidisciplinary team Good communications skills and is able to build interpersonal working relationships across a broad spectrum Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SQLServerDatabaseAdministratorDBA_job****