Title: PA to Directors
Webindex: 68360744
Company: Brook Street Bureau PLC
Description: New Client Meetings ' Preparing meeting packs ' Checking travel details and location ' Preparing PowerPoint presentation where appropriate ' Checking the premeeting documentation for inaccuracies ' Liaising with implementation team to ensure reports are ready on time ' Request new pension terms from providers when appropriate **** Assisting Corporate Business Development team ' Helping CBD with event management when required ' Sourcing and booking venues ' sending out invitations and coordinating responses ' arranging logistics for the event ' on site assistance at events ' ensuring the smooth running of events ' obtaining feedback following an event ' Any other administrative tasks in relation to events (e.g. collating menu choices, producing name badges etc.) **** Executive Support ' Assistance with diary management for Partner ' Print out packs and documentation for meetings, as required ' Book meeting rooms as appropriate ' Respond to correspondence as requested ' First meeting follow up letters ' Monthly commission export ' Recording of expenses ' Draft emails, letters or meeting notes ' Any other duties commensurate with the level of the post which may from time to time be required by the Partner. ' To participate in appropriate company and departmental training, competence and development initiatives. ' To continuously meet, the regulator's Fit Proper requirements. Key Skills and Personal Attributes ' Provide an efficient, effective, professional and courteous service on those aspects of the business allocated to you. ' A positive, friendly service orientated person with a 'can do' attitude. ' Smart in appearance and an articulate communicator. ' Honesty, integrity and ability to maintain confidentiality are key attributes. ' Hard working and responsive to the need to deliver a high quality support service. ' Attention to detail and high standards of work. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PAtoDirectors_job****