Title: Technical Author (Guides / Manuals)  West Midlands  ****
Webindex: 70781912
Company: Ashdown IT
Description: Technical Writer (User Guides, Help Guides, UAT, Technical documentation)  Birmingham, West Midlands A wellrespected and award winning IT company has an opportunity for a Technical Writer / Technical Author to join their Birmingham Head Office team. The successful candidate will be joining a large software development, testing and web design team in a dynamic environment; and will need to be comfortable working on multiple projects simultaneously. This role would be a good opportunity for someone with a technical background  perhaps having previously worked as a developer, designer or tester  but with solid experience producing technical documentation. This could have been gained whilst performing a technical role or it may be that you have subsequently moved into a purely Technical Writing role. As part of the submission process for this role, you will be required to provide an example of your technical writing for the client to review alongside your CV. As an overview this role will involve writing and updating customerfacing product documentation for client software, ranging from small single focus applications to large enterprisewide projects. There will be a focus on writing various types of User Guides and Dependency guides and experience of this is essential to be considered for this role. Key responsibilities: Deliver technical documentation in PDF Word formats using Microsoft Office 2010 Peerreview documentation with the internal team offer guidance where applicable Develop graphics/images for demonstrations user guides Assist the development team with software reviews during development lifecycle Deliver clear concise process guidance documentation It is essential that you have; demonstrable experience producing clear, concise and accurate documentation, solid skills with MS Windows and MS Office Products including Word, Excel and Visio. This position would suit someone who has a degree (or equivalent) in a relevant discipline i.e. Computer Science or Business Systems who is motivated and looking forward to developing a career within a progressive and supportive company. This is a permanent position offering a basic salary range between **** per annum dependent on relevant skills and experience. To apply for this position please send a WORD copy of your CV, including reference ASH****HWN in the subject line. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalAuthorGuidesManualsWestMidlands****_job****