Title: Senior Consultant (IT Infrastructure)
Webindex: 67656718
Company: Fusion Experience
Description: My client is a large IT Consultancy based in the South East UK seeking a number Senior Consultants across differing disciplines offering a salary of upto ****k Benefits The disciplines required are ITSM MS, Workspace Mobility and DC Transformation and require a minimum of 5 years experience in the relavent discipline. Leveraging deep technical services experience as well as indepth knowledge of market demands, the Senior Consultant (SC), supports the definition of the Companies Services offerings and partners with sales, delivery and clients to drive delivery procedures and support Companies ability to achieve booking and revenue targets. The SC is responsible for the high quality delivery of Consulting Services to our clients and works within a designated Practice area within the UK Wide Delivery team.  Work with Account Executives, Practice Leads, Delivery Managers, Principal Consultants, Senior Consultants and Project Services to develop proposed solutions, Level of Effort estimates and to position follow on work to customers.  Articulate the value of services to clients’ technical staff; demonstrate the ability of services to solve customer problems.  Consulting Craft: Demonstrate proficiency within areas of subject matter expertise, written/verbal communication, presentation, facilitation, interviewing, and delivery. Serve effectively in project leadership roles on small, medium and large engagements.Follow project norms and guide others to achieve both individual and teambased goals.  Build Company through creation and/or participation in training, mentoring, IP development, conference attendance, and other activities.  Recognised internal expert within technical/functional areas; Develop new techniques, processes and standards; Track industry developments for new tools and techniques.  Identify efficiencies and anticipate/resolve potential problems.Use creative approach to problemsolving that broadens client and team thinking.Design, perform and oversee key areas of analysis and technical decisionmaking.Guide overall technical/functional approach.  Support the development and ensure the refinement of offerings; practice strategies, standards, policies and procedures.  Experienced professional services/technical consultant to lead presales engagement calls with customers and to deliver engagements sold.  Proven experience as a successful technical infrastructure consultant with client relationship management, technical pre/postsales experience, and exposure to people management. Please send CV's to jan.zelezinskifusionexperience.com Fusion Experience is acting as an Employement Agency in respect of these roles This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorConsultantITInfrastructure_job****