Title: Linux Senior Systems Administrator Get Banking
Webindex: 71760801
Company: Alexander Black Recruitment
Description: Alexander Black Recruitment is urgently looking for a Linux Senior Systems Administratorto join our high profile client. Our client is a brand new financial data technology start up. They enable rapid trading transactions to be processed and are innovators in algorithm matching, big data and language processing. They are well known to take intractable problems the trading industry faces, employing highlyparallel algorithms, naturallanguage parsing and a diverse, cuttingedge technology stack. The company structure is very flat and everyone writes code. They are funded by several major banks. I am looking for a Linux Sys Admin who has a successful trackrecord building and running a multisite, internetfacing service. They have a complex architecture and very high security requirements, so prior experience of this kind of environment is essential. I expect someone who keeps on top of the latest technologies (especially DevOps tools and methodologies) and who is prepared to take on the responsibility of keeping services running at all times. You will be expected to work across the entire software development and release cycle, from requirements gathering to golive. The Linux Sys Admin will be responsible for: The provision and management of businesscritical Linux computing systems including storage, compute and network components across multiple sites Inhouse infrastructure development and operation in Linux Continuous security review and infrastructure hardening Build and release infrastructure automation Virtualisation and VM management Network administration Planning and engineering multisite failover solutions Candidates MUST have: At least 2 years’ professional system administration experience in a Linux/Unix environment supporting businesscritical systems Linux administration, especially Ubuntu or Debian NOSQL database management, especially Redis Build/deployment technologies, such as Maven, CMake and Rake RDBMS administration, especially MySQL and including SQL and data replication management Network management skills, especially DNS, VLANs and VPNs Dynamic programming languages, especially Ruby and Python DevOps automation tools, especially Chef or Puppet An appetite for delivering solutions to complex problem This role suits a candidate in the not in the banking sector looking for a move. You must be hands on and have excellent experience of networking in a demanding environment. You will also be a techie motivated by technology. In return you will be rewarded seriously financially. The environment is that of Facebook or Google, relaxed open with time to think and make the right decisions. The atmosphere is calm and relaxed with an open dress code. This is a role for techies, those who are motivated by the sharp end of technology and the possibility of making serious money doing something you are passionate about. My client is based in London If this sounds of interest then please send your most recent cv to bankingalexanderblackrecruitment.co.uk or call James Holland on **** **** **** Linux HPC HFT Systems Infrastructure This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/LinuxSeniorSystemsAdministratorGetBanking_job****