Title: IT Business Analyst  Finance IT
Webindex: 68495222
Company: Robert Half
Description: The Company Business Analyst  Finance IT  Investment Bank  City of London  ********/Annum Rapidly expanding, dynamic global investment bank within this larger financial services group, providing structuring execution expertise access to international investment across the globe. This new role reports into the Global Head of Finance IT  London, with responsibility for business technical analysis across a number of IT projects/IT applications within the financial services space, focused on General Ledger, Back Office, Regulatory, Treasury Group Reporting, Datawarehouse, Business Intelligence (BI) tools. The Role The role is based within the London IT Department  the central hub for the firm with a team of almost **** professional, is part of the Global Finance IT team. The primary purpose of this role is to elicit, analyze, and validate requirements for changes to business processes, policies and IT systems, including requirement gathering, analysis, business interaction, design and testing. The successful Business Analyst will have input into all aspects of analysis activities across the project life cycle from initiation through to postimplementation support, will be required to work closely with IT, Business Clients and third party IT vendors. Critical responsibilities deliverables in this role include the ability to identify, analyse validate requirements for changes to business processes, policies, information systems  to provide full IT analytical support for Finance IT systems implementation projects and life cycle. This hire will scope and shape projects through preproject strategy alignment, feasibility, business requirements gathering, solution requirements definition, testing and delivery, will work handinhand with end users to understand specify the business requirement and obtain business sign off. The successful Business Analyst will be credible enough to effectively manage deliver to key client expectation around IT functionality and the way it is implemented. Part of this will require that they are skilled in production of detailed functional/technical specifications for third party IT vendors and inhouse development IT teams. The firm seek a professional that can demonstrate they have stayed with employer long enough to ensure the scalability of change effected, lived through this process. The right applicant will be able to design architect Finance IT applications considering business needs and IT applications supportability; manage implementation of new functionality IT solutions and ensure business requirements are met; develop control delivery plans, manage the technology risks/issues plan mitigation actions. The Business Analyst will resolve business technical issues, identifying, challenging and tracking all exceptions to defined strategies, principles, policies and standards and ensuring technical solutions are compliant with IT standards. Analyse, structure, and document data reporting flows from source systems (CRM, front, fronttoback, GL) to Datawarehouse and Regulatory/MIS reporting applications. They will ensure appropriate, accurate functional documentation is available for systems and logic behind data structures, perform business analysis and testing cycles for new product implementation activities. This role will require the Business Analyst to participate in UAT and internal products testing as subject matter expert as well as enduser and system tester, to cooperate communicate with development and testing teams during execution of test plans. The organisation seek a professional with a minimum 5 years of relevant working experience in a Finance IT, or equivalent experience. The Business Analyst that assumes the role will have a sound understanding of investment banking requirements and processes, coupled with excellent knowledge of IT governance frameworks, IT process, and robust controls. The Business Analyst should have solid knowledge of full life cycle of banking software implementation: scope and IT requirements definition, IT solution evaluation/RFP, functional design, testing, implementation, postgo live support and user training. This position requires someone with excellent commercial awareness with emphasis on largescale projects a strong appreciation of key business drivers and IT impact upon the business. It would be highly beneficial if the Business Analyst had experience of working across a number of IT systems with strong data analysis skills; ability to drill down into the systems to analyse system behaviour and data flows, a good knowledge of FronttoBack, General Ledger, and Financial IT systems, accounting reporting standards, Finance Treasury reporting (Regulatory/MI). These are the key areas in which the project portfolio will focus over the next ****  18 months. In addition to understanding, from data system's perspective, of one or more of Equities/Derivatives/Futures and Options/CFD's/Fixed Income or FX/Cash (including Back Office, accounting and reporting exposure), the ideal candidate will have indepth knowledge of practical experience in largescaled IT projects dealing with implementation of GL/Regulatory/MI reporting systems and crossfunctional Datawarehouse. It is critical that they are adept in translating business enduser requirements into clear specifications for developers/technologists, have the credibility to deal with outsourcing external thirdparty suppliers/partners (vendor management). Hybrid skills in project management knowledge of development methodologies is a plus. Candidates should be educated to degree level standard or have equivalent experience. Salary Benefits ********/Annum Excellent Bonus Benefits. Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply.