Title: Senior SEO Specialist On/Offpage / Google Analytics Harrogate
Webindex: 68357107
Company: Senitor Associates
Description: Senior SEO Specialist  Onpage / Offpage / Google Analytics  Harrogate We are seeking an experienced Senior SEO Specialist  Onpage / Offpage / Google Analytics to join a growing digital company specialising in delivering gaming solutions. Search Engine Optimisation / Onpage / Offpage / Google Analytics / Strategy  To be considered for this position you should have plenty of experience in a SEO position improving web sites ranking and monitoring performance through Google analytics. We need you to be commercially aware and have strong communication skills able to deal with different parts of the business. You should be able to demonstrate successful SEO campaigns and have used Google analytics to measure and improve optimisation. You should also have experience setting SEO Strategy for businesses and be passionate about your work and keep up to date on how search algorithms are evolving. Any PPC exposure would be useful but is by no means essential. As Senior SEO Specialist you will work within a team of 5 accomplished SEO specialists but you will be one of the more Senior members of the team. You will help devise SEO Strategy by utilising Google Analytics and carrying out Competitor Analysis. You will be required to drive traffic and improve ranking through on page and off page optimisation. You will communicate with technical departments within the company to ensure SEO is considering right from the start of projects. Company  This is a successful company that understand the importance of SEO in ensuring their success continues and is built upon in the future. This fantastic opportunity to join a company that can offer a challenging role. Apply now with your CV or call Roisin on (Apply online only) to discuss this opportunity further. To find more roles like this feel free to connect with me on Linkedin (url removed)/in/roisinclarke Senior SEO Specialist  Onpage / Offpage / Google Analytics  Harrogate Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy