Title: Messaging / Directory Services Cloud Architect
Webindex: 70585792
Company: Aximis  Limited
Description: We are urgently seeking Infrastructure Solution Architects, preferably with experience of Cloud based Infrastructure solutions including messaging, Directory Services and other such Solutions for our clients highly successful and expanding business. The successful applicant will work closely with Sales and Data Centre Services Operations. You will preferably have worked with a major Solution or Service Provider within the Cloud Services environment. This is primarily a hands off role but would suit an experienced hands on individual wishing to move to a high level Pre Sales Infrastructure Solution Architect role. Responsibilities include: Pre sales technical ownership. Technical lead in the Delivery of complex bid responses. Working closely with Data Centre Services and Sales Working with customers to develop high level designs for Cloud based Services. Acting as the link between the customer and the client throughout the process. Onboarding support for new customer wins. Technically driving the sales of the cloud services. You will require: At least 2 years data centre / cloud experience gained working in an IT reseller or Hosting provider Hands off design Knowledge or hands on experience with a willingness to step into a higher level design role. Knowledge of Messaging, Directory Services and other such Server based Cloud Solutions is required. Knowledge of BMC Cloud products is desirable. A good understanding of Cloud Services. Security Cleared is highly desirable although a willing to become so will be sufficient. Appropriate Experience within a Data Centre Pre Sales Technical environment. Highly professional demeanor and high levels of self motivation. Excellent Communication Skills. Aximis (West) are a specialist Recruitment Agency acting on behalf of our client. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/MessagingDirectoryServicesCloudArchitect_job****