Title: Web/IT Developer
Webindex: 68181524
Company: Red Recruit
Description: Our client, a large international relocation company, is looking for Web/IT Developer to be based in Cheshire. They are seeking a backend developer with frontend knowledge to liaise with the operations team to develop innovative solutions in which the current and future product portfolio will interact with the audience. Duties: Enhancing the current product portfolio, identifying solutions by offering viable interactive solutions and then meeting corporate clients to assess and present these solutions. Seamless integration within the company s operations team to ensure awareness of needs. Managing key suppliers and resourcing to support role. Monitoring solutions ensuring functionality through to improvement and refinement and continuing to build the development of agreed solutions. Effective training of key staff to ensure understanding of solutions. Incorporation, maximisation and awareness of social media within solutions. Research and presentation of proposals detailing viability of solutions (cost, time, resource, security benefit etc.). Back End Developer Skills Required: (Essential) Strong/proven ability with all current ASP.Net, PHP, MySQL, serverside scripting Ability to develop digital solutions according to need and within budget Experience with all Microsoft applications Ability to work with team of nondevelopers (i.e. operations, accounts) and strong collaboration skills Excellent understanding of solution implementation cost and time investment Advanced understanding of emerging digital and web technologies Front End requirements: (Desirable) Front end programming (Javascript, HTML, CSS, JQuery, PHP) Flash Development (Action Script ****/**** animation) Server/PC Networking and cloud based solutions Social networking API Experience with Sage products (ACT/Accounts) Advanced ability to utilize Adobe suite of programs The candidate will have the experience or ability to demonstrate strong competence in backend programming with frontend knowledge controlling the display of content. The successful candidate will be offered a competitive salary in the region of **** plus further benefits. If you wish to apply, please contact the relocation team of Red Recruit on (Apply online only) or email at quoting reference VR/**** We offer a recommendation reward if we are able to place someone that you recommend, as way of a thank you we make a donation to your favourite charity or give you high street vouchers. Due to the current large volume of applicants for roles, unfortunately if you have not received a response within five working days, your application has been unsuccessful. Red Recruit is a specialist recruitment consultancy that focuses on the Relocations industry both nationally and internationally. Red Recruit offers services to the Office and Commercial Moving sector, Domestic Movers as well as Corporate and International Moving companies. We recruit relocation consultants, international assignment consultants, Tenancy advisors, Removals Sales Estimators, Removals Branch Managers, Removals Operations Managers, Move Coordinators, Office and Commercial Move Managers, Global Moves Specialists as well as many more