Title: Management Information Data Warehouse Manager
Webindex: 68838984
Company: Monarch Recruitment
Description: Management Information and Data Warehouse Manager Manager, SAS, SAP, Data Warehouse, Management Information, MI, ETL, Data This is an excellent opportunity to join a leading and well respected company who really values their staff. GREAT NEW JOB FOR 2013 The design, development, management and Governance of the Management Information Systems to meet the needs of the Business. This role will have with particular focus on the requirements of Corporate Analysis functions linked to Risk and Underwriting and Data Governance. You will have budget ownership and line management of a team of 5 comprising of development and analysis functions. Giving technical guidance to the development team covering design, best practice and integration with the other business systems and processes. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES • Contribute to the strategic development of the Management Information capability • Management, development and provision of key aspects of the Company’s Data Warehouse (DWH), MI and reporting facilities using existing teams and together with and with the benefit of support from Project Managed teams on strategic initiatives. • To provide a Data quality and governance function. Maintain the Data Governance Policy and propose changes for its improvement. • Ensure the Extract/Transform/Load (ETL) processes required to integrate information from operational systems perform within the appropriate time frames, liaising with other teams for prerequisites/dependencies. • Own and maintain the data quality assurance tools (data dictionary, data maps and key controls matrices) and documents • Ensure there are both Business and system owners for each data cluster • Ensure MI delivery takes place in the most appropriate way including, for example, delivery to mobile customers. • Contribute to the Company’s Management Information strategy • Manage adhoc reporting requirements within the constraints of Programme and Governance demands. • Work with Programme Management to manage overall priorities for Data Team contribution to overall Programme of work. Work with the Architecture managers to ensure all Datarelated developments and tools operate correctly within the agreed IT Architecture framework • Manage data warehouse team workload and priorities, allocate resources appropriately JOB KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE • Proven track record in a MIS Development role gained in a commercial environment. • SAS programming skills including strong working knowledge of the various SAS modules. Practical experience required. • Excellent knowledge and practical experience of the various SAP Business Objects modules. • Experience in the design, building and implementation of Business Objects Universes and Reports including best practices.