Title: Deputy Chief Operating Officer
Webindex: 66606195
Description: Sand Resources are working with a large NHS trust in Kent source a Deputy Chief Operating Officer. The role is key to the success of the **** directorates and requires the individual to have a minimum of 10 years experience within a senior NHS management position. Further experience required; Previous responsibility for a broad range of operations with well developed financial and strategic understanding Proven work record of consistently achieving high standards for patients and delivering performance targets, objectives and Trust priorities across clinical services. Experience of working collaboratively with other organisations Experience of successfully building effective working relationship with clinicians and managers in order to effectively run operational services. Successful track record in negotiating and influencing others. Experience of managing a large and diverse workforce Leading and effecting change Strong record of budgetary control Ability to work effectively with senior clinicians Knowledge and demonstrable success in implementing performance management system. The ability to communicate effectively, including strong report writing and presentation skills Excellent strategic thinking with technical, analytical and problem solving skills Ability to perform and deliver under pressure. Record of successful achievement in a performance driven organisation Successful track record of overseeing, changeminding and delivering sustained modernisation and significant improvement to service provision. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy.