Title: Apprentice Technical Project Manager
Webindex: 70250912
Company: QA Apprenticeships
Description: A global infrastructure technology (IT) solutions firm with key competencies in technology optimisation initiatives designing, deploying, moving and consolidating technologies and advanced network infrastructures. Since **** the world’s leading firms have relied on us to enable business and IT alignment and deliver solutions for business change and growth. Job Overview The Junior Project Manager (PM) role is a technical resource to work with senior technical Project Managers and Subject Matter Experts. Principle duties will be administration for projects including: production of risk and issue reports, reporting, planning, running project logs, supporting Project Managers, meeting attendance and minute taking. The technical aspects of this role will include working with IT infrastructure teams: Networking, Storage, Compute, IT security, Telephony etc. in a liaison role. This position will report to our London Office, but will also work on projects throughout the UK and possibly Europe as required. This is a fulltime position offering full benefits, a competitive salary, paid training, and performancebased bonuses. Deliver on programs and projects milestones and requirements Administration duties within a project Support development of the London business plan Travel as required to support Align/practice growth Professional appearance and attitude Job Requirements: It is not expected the candidate will have much experience working within IT projects, however any exposure would be advantageous Good communication and presentation skills Experience of general IT principles in Networking and Storage would be an advantage Understanding of Data Centres and their use within a business would be helpful Experience of using the Microsoft Office suite is essential. It is expected the candidate will have a high level of proficiency in using: o Excel. Able to create worksheets, sort data, use additional functionality. Creating Macro’s would be a nice to have o Word. Able to create and format documents using all word functionality o PowerPoint. Able to create presentations and use all PowerPoint functionality o Access. Understanding of the use of databases and able to create and manage data within a database o Visio. Able to create diagrams within Visio. Training to be provided:  Microsoft Technical Associate (MTA)  City Guilds Certificate in IT Systems and Principles  City Guilds Level 3 Diploma in IT Professional Competence Qualifications Required: You must have at least **** G.C.S.E Grades (C and above) or equivalent, Maths and English is a must. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApprenticeTechnicalProjectManager_job****