Title: IT Support Technician (Fluent German)  ****K  ****K  Harrow
Webindex: 67651276
Company: Penguin Recruitment
Description: IT Support Technician (Fluent German)  ********  Harrow We are currently representing one of the fastestgrowing IT solutions companies in the South East. Due to continued expansion they are now recruiting for a highly experienced, fluent Germanspeaking IT Technician to join their Harrowbased head office as soon as possible. This is a fantastic, longterm career opportunity so please apply as soon as possible. Job Specification:  The Germanspeaking IT Technician will be providing 1st, 2nd and 3rd line technical support on a telephone, remote and email basis.  The role will involve both officebased and fieldfocused technical support.  The Germanspeaking IT Technician will be supporting the company s bespoke software across a large English and German client basis. As the role will be tailored towards the English and German markets, the successful applicant will need to be fluent in both languages.  The IT Technician will also be supporting software including Windows Server and SQL Server. The Ideal Candidate:  We are looking for candidates who have at least 4 years commercial experience in a technical support role.  It is essential that all applicants are fluent German speakers, and have the ability to provide technical support at an advanced level in German.  Successful applicants for the IT Technician role will also have strong server knowledge, ideally on Windows Server, in addition to database experience with SQL and good Active Directory knowledge. Contact Details: This is an excellent opportunity for ambitious and driven individuals to join one of the leading IT sales organisations in Europe. For immediate consideration please apply today. With excellent career prospects and the opportunity to work through the organization, this is a role that can t be missed. For more information on this role and others please email or call (Apply online only) for an instant interview. Commutable Locations: Wembley, Harrow, Slough, Uxbridge, Watford, London, Hounslow, Barnet, Enfield, Richmond, White City, Sheppard s Bush. Job Titles: IT Support, Technical Support Engineer, 2nd Line Support Engineer, 3rd Line Support Engineer, Escalation Engineer