Title: Software Consultant (Banking /Fraud Detection)
Webindex: 68690659
Company: EMBS 
Description: Our client is a niche software provider and one of four in the world to deliver this specific fraud detection technology. With clients in Europe, Africa and the Middle East they are embarking on a major expansion plan after winning a number of large projects with a range of international banks. Becoming a subject matter expert, you will engage directly with customers and scope out customer projects, developing an understanding of the architecture and technical environment before presenting the technical aspects and capabilities of the Fraud detection solution. You will plan the project implementation and work onsite with the customer to configure the software. The configuration process requires numerous days of onsite consultancy and relationship/project management, it is highly technical and involved. Due to the technical nature of the software/implementation/configuration our ideal candidate will come from a Software Development background and/or have a logical and methodical approach gained in programming and/or project management position. As the role also involves onsite consultancy we are also keen to identify candidates that have a track record in customer/stakeholder engagement or want to work in a more customer facing technical consultancy role, i.e. Pre Sales, Project Management, Configuration and Implementation. Given the nature of the sector (Banking Fraud Detection) it would also be preferable to have had some exposure to working in Banking, Financial Services, although this isn’t essential. Position will require some international travel to Europe, Africa and the Middle East, although much of the work can be done remotely. This position offers a career opportunity with longevity. It comes with training and the offices are situated in a beautiful rural location in Derbyshire (no traffic jams for miles). If you feel you have relevant experience please apply and feel free to connect with me via Linkedin. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareConsultantBankingFraudDetection_job****