Title: CCIE Network Consultant Routing & Switching Nexus
Webindex: 71305162
Company: Jam Recruitment Ltd
Description: My client, a leading gold partner is a rapidly expanding specialist Network consultancy offering a wide variety of opportunities to work within challenging and exciting environments in London with our major clients in global media, banking and finance. We currently seek a Network Engineer/Consultant to work within design and implementation phases of a leading banking project. You will have prior experience of taking ownership of solutions and deliver on large corporate or banking networks, and will ideally be Cisco qualified. Our client rotation policy will mean you will gain excellent exposure to design, implementation and support of highend enterprise networks. Clientfacing persona is a must. Cisco CCNP qualification with strong experience of routers and switches to include exposure with design, test and implementation. Strong WAN (MPLS, BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, VPN, QoS) and Enterprise Data centre (**** **** Catalysts, Nexus switches) skills are ideal. Elective skills in Network Security (CCSP  Cisco ASA, PIX, VPN, IDS, IPS, SIM) or Wireless are of extra interest. Key skills: Cisco catalyst switches Cisco routers Cisco Nexus MPLS, BGP, OSPF, My client, a leading gold partner is a rapidly expanding specialist Network consultancy offering a wide variety of opportunities to work within challenging and exciting environments in London with our major clients in global media, banking and finance. We currently seek a Network Engineer/Consultant to work within design and implementation phases of a leading banking project. You will have prior experience of taking ownership of solutions and deliver on large corporate or banking networks, and will ideally be Cisco qualified. Our client rotation policy will mean you will gain excellent exposure to design, implementation and support of highend enterprise networks. Clientfacing persona is a must. Cisco CCNP qualification with strong experience of routers and switches to include exposure with design, test and implementation. Strong WAN (MPLS, BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, VPN, QoS) and Enterprise Data centre (**** **** Catalysts, Nexus switches) skills are ideal. Elective skills in Network Security (CCSP  Cisco ASA, PIX, VPN, IDS, IPS, SIM) or Wireless are of extra interest. Key skills: Cisco catalyst switches Cisco routers Cisco Nexus MPLS, BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, VPN, QoS Cisco ASA/FWSM firewalls, Market Data  Bloomberg/Reuters Wireless Network Design, Implementation and Support Cisco CCNP/CCDP My client develops individuals through a portfolio of training and development options such as online training, workshops, technical conferences, boot camps and much more. You will have the opportunity to work on some of the most advanced networking hardware in the industry as well as development of your abilities and talents through certified training courses. Rewards and Benefits In return you will be awarded with a competitive salary and excellent benefits including private healthcare and dental care, sickness cover, share options, contributory pension scheme and the opportunity to develop your career and skills within a growing company View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CCIENetworkConsultantRoutingSwitchingNexus_job****