Title: Director of Software Services
Webindex: 70250585
Company: Triangle Management Services
Description: Our international client is one of the world leaders in providing physical and digital document, mail and parcel processing solutions. With ambitious plans for their future growth and development of their product range, they are seeking to add to their senior management team with a key appointment. They traditional business will support their investment and transition into new products and services in the digital document, mail and parcel processing markets, further increasing the benefits we provide to our customers. Reporting to the Operations Director, you will lead and manage the **** major disciplines within Software Services of PreSales, PostSales and Software Service Delivery. You will direct the strategic development of their Software Services business across the company, managing and monitoring large and complex multimillion pound revenue budgets. Your experience in the Software solutions market, will give you the competitive advantage required to develop the strategic and visionary ideas to contribute to achieving the corporate vision of company growth by ****015. You will be instrumental in the development of new products / releases, managing change request and priorities. You will effectively manage and motivate a multiskilled team of approx. **** technical IT software, presales, postsales and analytical staff to successfully deliver the Software Services business. Your expertise in efficient project / programme management with Software Services, using the Prince **** /PMan methodology will ensure successful operational delivery. The successful Software Services candidate will have:  Proven track record of success in Pre Post Sales IT environment, with commercial Software development lifecycle knowledge and Oracle/IBM software production management experience;  Successfully lead market driven software change and new product development, combined with IT Service Delivery;  Significant Programme and Project management experience, gained from leading similar large ITrelated projects;  Exposure and experience in both Hardware and Software Solution sales management, new product development and associated sales;  Experience of managing both teams and large and complex budgets, meeting challenging income generation targets;  Qualified to Prince 2 Practitioner level or equivalent; For the right candidate there are good career opportunities in the UK and abroad within this progressive company. If you meet these criteria then please apply in confidence via the link below with a Word CV, outlining your suitability for the role and salary expectations, or via email to Nichola Jones This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DirectorofSoftwareServices_job****