Title: IT Delivery Manager
Webindex: 71305865
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: IT Delivery Manager sought by leading Jersey based organisation. This is a key role within the business and, therefore, a full relocation package is on offer for the right candidate The successful individual will be responsible for the development, integration and delivery of new and existing software products and associated infrastructure. You will also manage infrastructure and software specialists (internal and 3rd party) in the delivery of IT change and support. Working knowledge of project management, processes and methodologies is essential as is a technical understanding/experience encompassing: Virtualisation / OS (HyperV, VMWare, Citrix, Windows Server, Linux); Microsoft technologies (OS, Exchange, Sharepoint); Development (.Net, Oracle, SQL Server, LAMP, Java). Knowledge of BSS, OSS, ERP, Security, WAN/LAN and web presence also highly advantageous. The IT Delivery Manager is responsible for providing specialist indepth knowledge to ensure that the IT Delivery function is fully set up for the development and maintenance of IT systems alongside working closely with IT management, PMO, project work stream leads and key members of client engagement teams to ensure on time delivery of superior quality products as per road map. Experience of managing SDLC processes for software products and/or projects using Agile or Waterfall methodologies is required. The successful candidate will be responsible for a team of Systems Administrators and Applications Specialists and will, therefore, have demonstrable experience in managing and mentoring a highly technical team. In addition he/she will have knowledge and experience of IT infrastructure and applications suitable for a highgrowth, successful business. Excellent benefits including bonus scheme, full relocation assistance and the usual lower tax rates associtate with Channel Islands living. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITDeliveryManager_job****