Title: IT Project Managers
Webindex: 68675660
Company: Rockwool
Description: IT Project Managers, Bridgend, Up to **** basic plus benefits including excellent pension scheme. The ROCKWOOL Group is the world's leading supplier of innovative products and systems based on stone wool, improving the environment and the quality of life for millions of people. Our Global IT function is currently looking for two IT Project Managers to join us and help manage a portfolio of global software and infrastructure projects, based from our offices in Bridgend, South Wales. The successful candidate will be expected to spend **** to 5 days per month at various ROCKWOOL sites throughout Europe. The IT Project Managers will be responsible for the end to end lifecycle of their respective projects from start up through to go live and aftercare. This will include project definition, scoping, reporting and financial planning. The successful candidates will also be responsible for ensuring that all project deliverables are delivered within the agreed time, cost and quality tolerances. The IT Project Managers will also contribute to the strategy, policies, management and promotion of the Project Office and Project Management services within ROCKWOOL globally. To be considered for the IT Project Manager roles we are looking for the following skills and experience:  Strong Project Management skills with a proven track record of delivering successful projects  Excellent communication skills  Degree level of education or equivalent  PRINCE**** qualified  International mindset with ideally previous experience managing international projects  Passionate and entrepreneurial approach to work  Highly organised with the ability to plan and prioritise accordingly This fantastic opportunity would suit existing IT Project Managers who want the challenge of managing IT projects through the full project management cycle within a global environment for an international brand. The role is based in Bridgend, Glamorgan, South Wales which is commutable from Porthcawl, Port Talbot, Maesteg, Neath, Swansea, Cowbridge, Treorchy, Porth, Pontypridd, Caerphilly, Cardiff, Barry and Cynffig. The package on offer includes a competitive salary (up to **** dependant on experience), 30 days holiday plus statutory days, healthcare and an excellent pension scheme. We are committed to ensuring that we appoint the best candidate for a position, based on skills and knowledge, and irrespective of gender, age, colour, race, ethnic/national origin or nationality, disability, religion/belief or sexual orientation. We are particularly interested in receiving applications from females in areas where we are currently underrepresented, including IT, Sales and Production This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITProjectManagers_job****