Title: Senior SOC Consultant
Webindex: 68626504
Company: WBRS
Description: Responsibilities Manage the daytoday interactions with various business groups, executive management, and other key business stakeholders. Manage the daytoday operations of a security operations center on behalf of the client. Develop solution processes, procedures, and information workflows. Assist the client and consultant team as needed to ensure all aspects of the project are completed ontime. Establish and manage project plans for Security Solution engagements. Communicate on a regular basis with the client and with ArcSight regarding the overall progress of the project, current challenges, risks, and other information that may impact the project. Manage engagement risk and define deliverable content. Assist with team selection (recruiting, interviewing, etc). Manage skill development, training, and career progression of client solution staff. Develop client solution staffing schedules and training plans. Serve as the primary ArcSight approver for solution processes, procedures, and information workflows for the engagement. Engages in peertopeer dialogue with clients about their industry and their situation Opens new discussions and builds new opportunities with clients Builds strong rapport with clients creating respect and trust Opens new relationship opportunities within the client environment Understands how to construct and gain agreement for business cases Selects appropriate tools available to develop and validate business cases including lifetime costing Shapes and influences client attitudes to outcomes and key benefits for both the client and HP Plan and lead delivery of workshops and facilitated client events Ability to propose solutions, addressing client business issues and objectives using a combination of HP standardized and customized services. Qualifications Required Experience 5 years working within the information security field, with emphasis on security operations, incident management, intrusion detection and analysis, Firewall deployment, compliance efforts, and security event analysis. 2 years experience leading a security operations center team to quickly and completely solve business problems Ability to train level 1 and level 2 security operations center analysts/engineers. Great customer service skills Advanced technical writing skills Strong analytical skills Desired Experience 2 years of security consulting Good project management skills Professional certifications to include PMP, CISSP, SANS GCIA Working knowledge of SIEM technology, with ArcSight specific certification (ArcSight ACSA/ACIA certifications) Experience in designing and building security or network operations centers Incident management process development and/or incident management experience