Title: Computer Field Service Engineer  Croydon
Webindex: 66925333
Company: SCC
Description: We are SCC  Specialist Computer Centres  Europe s largest privately owned IT services company . We provide business critical business continuity services including break/fix maintenance/repair to large commercial and public sector organisations across the UK. Continued expansion and demand for our services has created an exciting career opportunity for a Field Service Engineer to join us in our southern region working a shift pattern of 11.00am to 9.00pm Monday to Thursday . The role : To attend customer sites to provide support of IT server, software and hardware products within the required Service Level Agreement .  Provide Technical Support to other staff in and to fully understand all aspects of support .  Repair and maintain hardware  Servers, PC s, Laptops, Printers and associated peripherals including AV systems for key clients.  Complete all software incidents to customer/manufacturer procedures and specifications.  Installation of all hardware to manufacturers/customers specification.  Complete installation , moves and changes to manufacturers/customers specifications. Utilise appropriate business tools to check and update allocated calls in a timely manner to achieve required commit times .  To communicate effectively with Resource control, the team leader and other members of the team.  Achieve targets and objectives as defined by the business.  Must be flexible, and willing to work overtime when asked to do so.  Understand and adhere to the company s policies and procedures. Communicate with customer contacts in a professional manner  Carry out stock checks as and when required.  To maintain Company Vehicles and their records Skills, Knowledge and Experience:  Current and full driving licence will be required  Current IT Professional hardware qualifications in either Laptops, Desktops ., Printers or Servers  Good understanding ofcurrent operating systems and associated software .  Good understanding of networking technologies .  Excellent customer facing skills and commitment to exceed customers expectations .  Applicants must be willing to work towards manufactures printer service qualifications for Multifunctional Printers (MFPs). Requirement to undergo various security clearance processes. Interested ? Then click the response button now