Title: Technical Field Sales Executive / Sales Engineer (OTE ****K)
Webindex: 69191076
Company: Webrecruit UK
Description: Technical Field Sales Executive / Sales Engineer (OTE ****K) Field Based (covering the Midlands region) Basic Competitive (OTE ****) Plus Company Car, Pension, Health Are you a tenacious and resultsdriven sales professional with an engineering background? Looking to work with a successful, expanding, and long established distributor? If so, read on. As one of the UK's largest welding distributors, our client operates an extensive network of distribution centres in the North of England and the Midlands. They supply the welding and engineering industries with a wide variety of welding equipment, power and hand tools, and consumables. They are currently looking to recruit a driven Technical Field Sales Executive / Sales Engineer to join their team. This position offers a generous basic salary, excellent commission scheme and career enhancing prospects. As a Technical Field Sales Executive / Sales Engineer, you will be responsible for selling our client's welding equipment across the East Midlands region. This will be achieved by visiting client's sites for facetoface meetings in addition to selling over the phone. To be considered for this position, you must have:  Sales experience  An engineering background Additionally, as a Technical Field Sales Executive / Sales Engineer, you will be enthusiastic and highly motivated. The ability to demonstrate the drive and commitment required to continue our client's success is also key. Whilst not essential, knowledge of welding would be beneficial to your application. To apply for the role of Technical Field Sales Executive / Sales Engineer, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Technical Field Sales Executive, Sales Engineer, Field Based, Field Sales Engineer, Field Sales Executive, Field Sales, Technical Sales Engineer, Technical Sales, Sales Executive, Business Development Manager.