Title: Data Analyst, to ****k
Webindex: 70146699
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Data Analyst, to ****k Our client is servicing a client list which includes most of the significant bluechip organisations in the food supply chain, from manufacturing to retail, and including number of related service organisations. It is fast growing, has doubled in size over the last 3 years, and has plans for further expansion. The company provides market intelligence regarding food and nonfood commodities and ingredients to their clients in the UK, Europe and beyond, and is regarded by them as a key strategic partner. Position: Data Analyst Location: Wooburn Green, near High Wycombe, South Bucks Salary: ******** Basic ROLE: The Data Analyst is key to the continued growth of our clients business, through the development and maintenance of its commodity database. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) As a Data Analyst you will be involved in all aspects of maintaining and adding to their numerical database, including data sourcing, inputting data, quality assurance / control and dealing with queries from both within the company and outside. b) Full inhouse training will be provided and there will be the opportunity to develop your skills through the writing of articles and reports that are read and utilised widely by their customers. c) Accuracy and attention to detail are vital. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Educated to Alevel standard at grade C or above in at least one science or maths. b) Excellent Excel skills, a high level of numeracy with good written and verbal communication skills. c) Quick learner and be able to rapidly assess what has caused a price movement. d) Confident problem solver with the ability to think logically and recognise trends and patterns within numerical data. e) Understand the importance of keeping to a deadline. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Knowledge of the commodity / raw material markets is highly desirable and of supply chain would be beneficial. b) Good understanding of a 2nd European language would be an advantage. c) Knowledge of statistics would be beneficial. d) Alevel (or equivalent) qualification in mathematics at grade C or above. You may have experience of the following: Data Analyst, Excel, Market Research, Data Entry, French, Spanish, German, Database Administrator, CRM, Reporting Analyst, DBA, Statistician, Statistics, Business Analyst, Management Information, Commodity Analyst, Maths Graduate, Business Information, MI Analyst, Data Warehousing, Reporting Consultant, Intelligence, etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.