Title: Data Strategy, Data Solutions, Insight  West London, ****K
Webindex: 72688736
Company: Randstad Technologies Limited
Description: This position calls for a DATA CONSULTANT with strong skills in DATA STRATEGY, DATA SOLUTIONS INSIGHT. Based in West London the role offers a salary of c****K basic, plus ****K Car, plus 17.5% bonus, plus excellent benefits. This is an excellent opportunity for an articulate, enthusiastic DATA EXPERT to join a team of specialists working across a highly successful International Retailer. This DATA CONSULTANT role is centered on defining delivering a data strategy for the business that supports the work done with clients today, but also moves the companys capabilities forward by introducing innovative ways of using existing new data assets to create new opportunities revenue streams. THE COMPANY: This Times **** Best UK Company is at the forefront of innovation around Data Solutions Data Technologies; a business services global industry leader with a great trackrecord. They have a significant history of success shape innovation within Data Solutions, Data Warehousing, BI, Insight, Analytics Consultancy. Servicing a global client list of many of the worlds most successful Consumer Markets brands, this provides an opportunity for you to get close to worldclass Retail Data Solutions, helping clients take advantage of their Data Assets. Culturally this is a collaborative, positive environment offering the chance for you to join a truly worldclass team. THE ROLE: Working with Solutions Commercial teams, this role will involve understanding how data can inform clients business decisions. Armed with this understanding it involves working with the clients IT teams inhouse data management architecture teams to design the right end to end data solution oversee the delivery of this against competing business priorities. On delivery of a solution, this role will be responsible for ensuring the right service model is in place with any data providers, accountable for the ongoing relationship with them at a Senior Level. Due to the varied nature of business requirements the complexities of the clients business the role requires a candidate who can communicate effectively across the business from technical teams to marketing commercial teams, through all levels of the business hierarchy from handson developers, up to clients boardlevel CIOs. You will need to be flexible in your style approach use a variety of tools to ensure communication lands in the right way. REQUIRED: You need to be highly data savvy having extensive experience working with understanding the value of data, not just the technology or systems it sits within. In terms of background, this might be in a data management or development role, or as an end user an analyst or a campaign manager. Ideally you will have recent experience in a Business Analyst or Data Consultant type role. The company beliefs are based on putting the Customer at the heart of their clients business decisions so you must have a passion for this be able to understand the complexities of bringing multiple data sources together to build a rich understanding of a customer have an aptitude for overcoming these challenges with innovative solutions.Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.