Title: IT Account Manager – Solihull – ****k Uncapped OTE
Webindex: 71289229
Company: Penguin Recruitment Ltd
Description: We have a brilliant new opportunity to join a fantastic sales team in a growing company with a multitude of accreditations. They are active in every market sector offering all types of hardware supplies from a variety of manufacturers. They have an excellent opportunity for new Account Managers to join their team, and gain career progression. Your role will involve finding new business opportunities, as well as building a strong rapport with customers to understand their requirements and fulfil their expectations. As an Account Manager, you will also be monitoring transactions to ensure maximum sales potential is achieved. In this fast paced industry, you will have new prospects every single day to close sales by selling the large range of hardware on offer. With a quick sales turnover you will have the chance to progress your portfolio into a solid and stable account base in which you can visit your clients and progress sales further. They are looking for experienced IT Sales individuals who have a solid work ethic and an enthusiasm for IT. You will need to have at least 12 years experience selling a variety of hardware, and a background in the Reseller field. You will need to be driven, and career motivated in order to climb up the career ladder, enhance you portfolio, and make great money. This is a great company to work for, in a brilliant location. You will have your own work load and account base, and be responsible for closing new accounts. Basic salary starts between ****k with the chances of earning an uncapped OTE. You will be working towards a variety of targets in which you can earn a percentage of your commission. On top of this is a lucrative benefits package including 20 days holiday (rising to 25 days with long service.) Are you interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please email a copy of your CV to myself, gemma.bubbpenguinrecruitment.co.uk for immediate consideration. Alternatively, you can contact me on **** **** to discuss further opportunities. Commutable Locations  Solihull, Birmingham, Northampton, Moulton, Wellingborough, Rothwell, Kettering, Raunds, Irthlington, Rushden, Brampton, St Neots, Bedford, Kempston, Huntingdon, Milton Keynes, Olney, Cranfield, Buckingham, Banbury, Bicester, Leamington Spa, Southam, Daventry, Coventry, Rugby, Market Horborough, Leicester, Corby, Stamford, Peterborough, Sawtry, Yaxley, Oakham, Melton Mowbray, Bourne, Spalding. Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions.