Title: Hardware support agent / engineer
Webindex: 71760469
Company: Global Technology Solutions Ltd
Description: Hardware Support agent/ engineer An exciting opportunity has arisen for a Hardware Support Agent/ Engineer to join well established blue chip organisation based at their prestigious offices in High Wycombe. As a Hardware Support Agent/ Engineer you will be responsible for technically assessing all incoming incidents and applying appropriate action plans to resolve at first attempt, be it remotely or via the assignment of a Field Service Engineer, within contracted Service Level Agreement. As a Hardware Support Agent/ engineer you will liaise directly with the client's customer and colleagues, enabling our clients engineering workforce to provide the highest possible level of service. Actively seek methods for the continuous improvement and development of internal business process. As a Hardware Support Agent/ Engineer you will be responsible for the provision of technical support to Field Service engineers Reactively over the phone Proactively via upkeep of knowledge database and supporting technical bulletins. As a Hardware Support Agent/ engineer you will: Diagnose / vet desktop, printer, laptop, EPOS and server incidents using logged fault description and verification from the end user Ensure incidents are distinguished between chargeable and contracted calls. Manage the correct parts required for the resolution of incidents in a single visit, including ordering and usage recording. Clarify with end user extent of issue reported (if required). Be responsible for progression and resolution of Engineer NoFix Visits Attempt remote fix if possible. Be the provision of technical advice to Field Service Engineers and end users. Strive to meet or exceed individual and department targets with the view to continual improvement Adhere to defined escalation and business processes and much more As a Hardware Support Agent/ engineer you will have: Proven technical support experience of standard IT related products. (PC's, Laptops, Printers, EPOS equipment and Servers). Demonstrable experience of working as a Field Service Engineer in support of IT infrastructure hardware in a break fix and IMAC environment. (particularly HP/Compaq/Dell) Demonstrable ability to provide excellent customer service including resolving difficult customer issues. Ability to provide assistance remotely. Competent written and verbal communication skills; excellent call handling skills The ability to build and maintain internal and external working relationships. The ability to plan and prioritise a demanding workload using all available resources; effectively delegating as required Ability to learn new skills; learns new skills willingly Enthusiasm and ability to work as part of a team Knowledge of ITIL working standards. Competent using Microsoft Outlook, Word Excel with good keyboard skills This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/Hardwaresupportagentengineer_job****