Title: SAP CRM Design Lead
Webindex: 66996234
Company: Technology Recruiting Solutions,Inc.
Description: Job Title: SAP CRM Design Lead Salary: $****K Location: St. Joseph, MI MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Our client, a highly successful, multinational corporation is seeking to add an SAP CRM Design Lead to join their Global Information Systems organization. The company has been recognized as one of the world's **** most innovative companies by Business Week magazine and the Boston Consulting Group. Additionally, they were among the Top 20 Innovators in Consumer Products by The Patent Board and have been consistently ranked as one of the Top 20 Companies for Leaders by Hewitt Associates and Fortune magazine. Position Summary The SAP CRM Design Lead will provide leadership and technical expertise on the global business process and integration application design in order to create differentiating solutions to support Sales, Marketing and Service. A solid understanding of and experience in SAP CRM, and a passion for driving company success through adoption of technology are required. Job Duties/Essential Functions Work with the business analysts, and architects to create a highlevel design of an endtoend integration solution by: ****) defining the flow of data between the applications that must be integrated, 2) mapping business process activities to the applications that support them, and ****) drafting a data object model that provides a common structure for mapping the data between the applications. Validate that the integration functional designs meet the overall business process integration requirements and are consistent with the Conceptual Design. Manage the delivery of technical development components through the External Partners, assuring quality of the solution. Design and support the deployment of the CRM Global Template that will drive standardization across the business units/markets, streamline operations, and create a solid system platform for future growth that will be both robust and dynamic, to address the everchanging needs of the marketplace. Work with the Project Manager to outline the tasks and deliverables required to drive out the full set of application requirements for the solution delivery. Facilitate and troubleshoot the solution of problems associated with designing, implementing, leading, and completing projects Prepare and present clear and concise oral and written communications Business Partnership