Title: ITIL SERVICE DELIVERY COORDINATOR
Webindex: 71434241
Company: hyphen
Description: Our client is looking for a Service Delivery Coordinator or a candidate with a strong Customer Service background who is looking to move into Service Delivery. You will be responsible for Monitoring and improving the Service Level of the IT Team. Key responsibilities:  To be responsible for SLA Monitoring, reporting and identifying ways to improve the service levels.  To assist the IT Director in all aspects of Service Control.  To provide cover for the Change and Configuration officer  To produce daily, weekly, monthly and adhoc IT SLA Reports.  Monitor SLA Levels and identify areas in need of improvement  Liaise with IT Team managers to discuss areas requiring improvement and assist in initiating plans to improve weak areas.  Publish the SLA Results on the Intranet monthly to ensure stats are available for IT Alignment meetings.  Assist in the preparation for the Service Improvement Review Forum. Attend the meeting, and input into discussions of the Forum  Attend customer service meetings. Feedback IT's performance and take suggestions for improvements to be fed back to IT mgmt. team. Ensure all feedback is documented and followed up.  To embrace ITIL principles, and to continually be striving to identify any areas of the IT Team that can be improved.  To ensure any complaints received by any member of the IT Team are dealt with efficiently and professionally ensuring the complaint process is followed, and ensuring the highest level of customer care is given to customers at all times.  To provide cover for the Change Configuration Officer, including chairing the CAB meeting when required. Key Skills  ITIL Foundation Certification IT Support Experience  Excellent customer relationship skills and the ability to have empathy for both IT staff and customers.  Experience of within an IT department utilising ITIL service level management practices  IT Service Management Experience  Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively with a wide range of contacts  Confidence and presence to work with senior managers This is a fantastic opportunity to work within an established organisation that can offer great career development If this role is of interest to you please apply now. hyphen.com Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITILSERVICEDELIVERYCOORDINATOR_job****