Title: PRODUCT CONFIGURATION ENGINEER
Webindex: 68712803
Company: Support Services Group
Description: c****k  CO.DURHAM Based in the North East of England this is a permanent and full time post immediately available for a suitable candidate to join a well established and growing engineering business utilising niche and proprietary technology. The primary function of the role is to provide engineering support in relation to product configuration and product enquiries. The role is varied and covers customer support, IT and sales administration. An interest and education based on electronic/hydraulic engineering together with advanced IT skills are essential. Skills Required Some of the many aspects to this role include the following: Manual product configuration requiring an advanced knowledge of product functionality, BOM structure, production processes, MRP parameters etc. Automated product configuration to support the maintenance and development of the product configuration software. ERP superuser to assist in the maintenance and development of our ERP software. IT support to assist users in the implementation and useage of our ERP software, all Microsoft packages and general IT issues. Technical sales support requiring an advanced knowledge of product functionality and contract review. Enquiries are predominantly via email or telephone. Sales administration cover for the sales administration function as and when necessary (mainly holiday cover). Qualifications Required The successful candidate will: Hold a minimum of a ****:**** engineering degree (or similar) Have advanced IT skills, including network infrastructure, Microsoft superuser, ERP development (SQL). Be quality driven with meticulous attention to detail and a methodical and logical approach to all tasks undertaken. ExecEngineers welcome applications from candidates of all ages. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. follow us execengineers PROFILE OF EXEC ENGINEERS RECRUITMENT LTD ExecEngineers Ltd recruit for a plethora of permanent, temporary and interim jobs in the Technical Engineering Manufacturing industries. Our key strengths lie within the Automotive, Aerospace, Chemical / Process, Pharmaceutical, Energy, Oil Gas, Electronics, Software, Food Drink, F.M.C.G and Marine markets. We place a broad spectrum of professionals from areas as diverse as design, purchasing, planning, maintenance, production, operations, management, supply chain, software development and hardware engineering. Keywords ELECTRONICS IT PRODUCT ERP MRP BOM This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PRODUCTCONFIGURATIONENGINEER_job****