Title: Application Delivery Team Lead
Webindex: 72578309
Company: Proactive Appointments
Description: We are looking for a talented individual to join our Well Known client based South of London. This is a great opportunity to join a fast growing department within a household name leader in their field. Purpose of Role: Leads a development team delivering project, business technical change in line with Technology Strategy and Operational Principles, ensuring agreed time, cost quality criteria are met. Key Accountabilities: Business Delivery Accountable for the daytoday delivery of applications development undertaken by their team, within agreed time, cost and quality criteria, to achieve the desired result: Works with other application teams to achieve an endtoend delivery Plans proposed future projects from a resourcing and activity perspective, and provides SME input in predelivery stages (prePGDF Gate ****) to assist with shaping and planning the future project. Proactively manages own workstream's risks and dependencies and if all else fails manages workstream recoveries. Strategy Ensure delivered solutions are commercially viable; meet operational principles and standards; adhere to the agreed architectural strategy and highlevel solution designs; and provide a solution which is supportable, enduring and minimises future development costs. Ensure continuous improvement within their team, embedding a culture which challenges inefficient activities and proactively looking for areas of improvement which support business or technology change. Capacity Capability Develop team capacity/capability in line with the overall platform vision, sourcing strategy and the Strategic Investment Plan. Manage resource assignments for projects, including managing the interface with 3rd parties, ensuring key skills are retained and intellectual property is enduring. Risk and Control Promote and proactively support a culture of robust (project and departmental) risk assessment/mitigation, and assure that solutions meet operating principles, in order to protect the Business, whilst continuing to deliver change. Stakeholder Management Represent Development Services, while fostering and maintaining customer relationships. Empower team members to do the same, ensuring these partnerships are acknowledged as valueadd, collaborative and inclusive, with internal/external stakeholders and customers. People Management Create an engaged team who are collaborative, authoritative, respected across BTS and are seen to contribute to business growth. Manage staff through: Talent management that ensures the assignment of work/learning opportunities to meet the needs of both the organisation and the individual. Fair, consistent and transparent performance management Appropriate adherence to line management policies and controls. Effective communication that engages staff and encourages them to maximise their value add. Due to the volume of applications received for positions it will not be possible to respond to all applications and only applicants who are considered suitable for interview will be contacted. Proactive Appointments Limited operates as an employment agency and employment business and is an equal opportunities organisation.