Title: Business Development Manager – Travel Payments
Webindex: 71966372
Company: CorporatePay
Description: Business Development Manager Travel Payments BD Manager Travel Payments, CORPORATEPAY The Client CorporatePay delivers market leading commercial prepaid card solutions that enable clients to maximise their profitability by designing and delivering worldclass programmes that transform how they manage payments with their employees, suppliers, customers and citizens. CorporatePay products include both offtheshelf and customised solutions to meet clients individual needs, delivering significant efficiencies and to provide a range of benefits for all, regardless of size and industry. Based in Hammersmith, West London, CorporatePay was formed in **** and has grown rapidly into a profitable, leading edge digital payments company. Recently acquired in May 2012 by WEX Inc (a NYSE listed organisation), CorporatePay is now embarking on a very exciting period of rapid expansion they are looking for people with cando attitudes to join an innovative, fast moving and ambitious team. WEX brings with it all of the capabilities, financial weight, client and market reach expected in a NYSE listed organisation. The Role The Business Development Manager for Travel Payments will be responsible for developing new business relationships and opportunities for our Travel Payments product portfolio. This individual should be a seasoned travel payment professional with proven success selling payments solutions to travel market participants. A strong working knowledge of the travel industry, travel payments solutions and commercial cards is highly desirable. The ability to build successful executive relationships with customers and prospects is a must. CorporatePay is seeking a dynamic candidate who can excel in this position through a balance of building on past experiences and continuing to innovate in response to the everchanging market and industry conditions. The role is based from the companys HQ in Hammersmith, with the following priorities: Responsibility for identifying new business opportunities with new customers. Effectively communicating CorporatePays market proposition accurately interpreting client needs proposing suitable solutions and closing deals. Responsible for identifying new products, solutions, services or partnerships which complement CorporatePay offerings. Travel to various locations to meet with clients and partners to discuss requirements and present proposals as appropriate. Preparation of high quality presentations and proposals for submission to clients in support of new business pitches and bid opportunities. Provision of timely and accurate revenue forecasting and management information / reporting on a regular basis as required. Regular updating of Salesforce  the CRM tool. The Requirements A strong track record of selling payment solutions to senior executives within mid to large travel industry organisations such as the Head of Treasury, CFO or Commercial Manager. Demonstrable understanding of the travel industry and payment alternatives, XML payment integration options, and commercial card alternatives. Highly successful at networking, setting appointments, pipeline building, negotiation, and closing sales to meet and exceed quota. Proven ability to conduct needs assessment and discovery through highvalue questions, listening skills, and collaboration with clients and prospects. Strong commercial acumen and financial modelling skills. Bachelors Degree in Business, Marketing, or Finance preferred. At least 57 years of Business Development experience in the travel payments industry or the related financial services market. Bright, enthusiastic, passionate professional with a positive cando attitude and a real desire to operate at the centre of a new and high growth new technologies business. Excellent verbal and written communication skills complemented by confident presentation style. Knowledge of cards and payments industry, and the prepaid industry in particular desirable. Organized with strong time management skills able to handle multiple simultaneous tasks and work in a fastpaced/entrepreneurial/evolving environment. An excellent working knowledge of Word, PowerPoint, Microsoft Outlook and Excel. cardandpaymentjobs.com for the latest jobs in the card and payment industry