Title: In Store Event Marketing Assistant
Webindex: 72577857
Company: Avant Garde Ideals
Description: No Experience in Marketing? No Worries Location: Southampton, Hampshire OTE up to ****/week Always wanted to get into event marketing but not sure how? Look no further We are recruiting NOW for **** motivated & ambitious people to join the busy event marketing office. Work with enthusiastic young minded people Long term advancement opportunities available Fast paced environment Apply within for an appointment. Avant Garde Ideals is the top grossing provider of outsourced event sales and marketing services in Southampton and the Hampshire area. Serving National, International and emerging companies since June 2012, Avant Garde Ideals is wherever our clients need us to be. Our national client has some ambitious goals for this year, so we are seeking selfmotivated individuals who are both professional and have a passion for event marketing to work with our progressive and innovative company to assist the clients demand. As we are expanding to Edinburgh at the end of February we are looking for people to take on more responsibilities here in Southampton. We specialise in developing tailor made promotional event campaigns. Working with a range of International and National clients, we focus on growing brand awareness and run exclusively on Event sites, in store promotions, train stations and shopping centres in and around the Southampton & Hampshire area. Our clients require people who are • Outgoing • Hardworking • Have a background in Hospitality/Customer Service • Driven with a positive attitude • Available during standard business hours • Over the age of **** • Based in Southampton, so you will be required to commute here daily • ELIGIBLE TO WORK IN UK  We do not sponsor candidates • AVAILABLE **** PER WEEK Due to pressure from client, we need to grow We provide full client training for all campaigns and offer travel opportunities throughout the UK. All earnings are based entirely on performance or completed applications & sales. NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED  We value customer service experience and enthusiasm to learn over event marketing experience SO… If you are motivated, keen to learn and want to make this your best Winter ever, apply today Just forward your CV and best contact number by clicking 'Apply Now'