Title: Junior Prop Trader
Webindex: 68359918
Company: Alexander Black Recruitment
Description: Leading Londonbased trading firm has an outstanding opportunity for a trader to join the team. Our client is a $500 million strong prop trading house with performance figures of 22%. They are currently looking to expand their high and intra day trading presence across FX and commodities. They are based in the west end. This is an opportunity for someone that wants to work with a smart people in a collaborative environment that is solely focused on cross asset trading. They avoid the bureaucracy of larger organisations, and keep their management structures flat. Decisions are made efficiently; changes are implemented quickly. People who work here enjoy a culture of trust, innovation and scientific rigour. There are some particularly creative, supersmart people at my client all of whom would be embarrassed to be described that way. It’s a friendly, open place where people are motivated because they enjoy what they’re doing. You will: Assist the head of desk on a cross asset strategy Take absolute responsibility for the performance of trading strategies. Build and maintain a suite of proprietary tools for development, testing, deployment, performance monitoring and maintenance of trading algorithms. Contribute to research, implementation and continued development of new and existing statistical arbitrage trading strategies. The work requires creativity, rigorous investigative skills and the ability to research, understand and apply advanced mathematical modeling techniques and saliently communicate results whenever required. . Candidates MUST have: PhD / Masters in Maths OR Stats from a UK TOP 19 University (Only Maths / Comp Sci / Stats will be accepted) Outstanding aptitude for quantitative problem solving supported by strong foundations in general mathematics. You must be bright not intelligent but bright Additional depth in fields of applied mathematics. 1 years commercial experience in financial markets or Research Track record of professional delivery e.g. work completed as part of a postdoctoral commission, employment within a research centre / industrial laboratory or previous industry experience, possibly in finance. Good understanding of general programming concepts, diligent coder. This is an outstanding opportunity to join a growing trading business at a time of significant interesting growth within the sector. If you want to be a trader this is where you will learn. This is not an arcade business this is an established prop firm trading the money of a UHNWI. My client is based in London If this sounds of interest then please send your most recent cv to bankingalexanderblackrecruitment.co.uk or call James Holland on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JuniorPropTrader_job****