Title: Technical Director  Integrated Marketing Agency
Webindex: 71305888
Company: The Industry Club
Description: Technical Director  Integrated Marketing Agency One of the UK's largest and most well known integrated marketing agencies is looking for a Technical Director to head up its frontend development function. You will be an evangelist for technology; somebody who inspires others through the solutions you create. You’ll work alongside the entire senior management team to make sure the agency delivers powerful and innovative experiences to their clients. You’ll think of yourself as a creative technologist who is very much a practicing developer with an opensource mind set. You’ll be expected to be fluent in cutting edge technologies and act as a guide and inspiration to the development team. You’ll build prototypes, inspire creative teams, help designers understand the art of the possible and work closely alongside the User Experience Director and Technical Solutions Lead. Your solutions will be the perfect marriage of visionary creative ideas, inspirational brand experiences, outstanding userdesign, technology and strategy. Add to this the ability to manage a team and inspire designers and developers. Key responsibilities and requirements of the role include:  You’ll be responsible for the conception, software design, and execution of innovative experiential solutions for digital, integrated and cross channel initiatives. These initiatives can include: large and small websites, online advertising, mobile advertising and applications, social media marketing and application, game development and emerging/new technologies. A significant grounding of deep interactive development experience with proven expertise and a portfolio of impressive work  Substantial agency experience  A good grounding of management experience  You should hold a Bachelor's degree and have a solid understanding of software engineering methodologies  Advanced knowledge of HTML, CSS, and frontend development technologies and techniques (JavaScript and its libraries, XML and jQuery) is essential;  Experience of Open Frameworks  Understanding of the mobile space and any specific platform development knowledge is a plus  Experience in managing outside digital production vendors Possess an understanding and appreciation for fullyintegrated marketing and an understanding of the structure and processes that exist within an agency  Understand the strengths and limitations of current and emerging platforms If you are interested in finding out more please get in touch. Technical Director  Integrated Marketing Agency This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalDirectorIntegratedMarketingAgency_job****