Title: C Senior Developer  Hedge Fund/Investment Management EXP
Webindex: 71842674
Company: C.O.A.L IT Services Ltd
Description: C Senior Developer  Hedge Fund/Investment Management EXP A leading city based Hedge Fund seek an expd C Senior Developer to design, develop, test and support the software for a number of key technology solutions within the company. This role forms a key part of the overall technology service involving the development of various C, SQL and GUI solutions for the Front Office business users. The solutions are typically either idea generation or portfolio construction that interface with their existing research warehouse, execution management system and/or order management system along with various other integration points throughout the business. The C Senior Developer  SQL/GUI position, consists of: Design and development of tactical solutions to frequent business problems. Development of software to integrate with their OMS and provide increased flexibility for the Front Office. Analysis of data, systems and business processes. Close collaboration with business users. The responsibilities for the C Senior Developer  SQL/GUI position are: Gather systems requirements from business end users. Document requirements in the form used in the team (eg use cases, data models). Analyse and validate requirements to produce high level designs and specifications in line with standards and methodology in use. Provide estimates for requirements analysed. Carry out 2nd/3rd line support where required. Implement and test against specifications, incrementally delivering improvements to end users. Expand and use technology standards, frameworks, processes and best practices. Educate end users on latest features, providing examples and test cases. Work to ensure end users receive high quality, high performance, and useful solutions. Technical Skills req'd for the C Senior Developer  SQL/GUI position: Excellent in the use of database technologies (SQL) including surrounding technologies, eg T**** EF. Excellent in Object Oriented C, including threading, messaging, in depth WCF and WPF. Considerable demonstrable experience of architecture and design of Client Server applications required. Experience of agile software development process is required (ideally the scrum methodology). Experience of TDD is useful. Knowledge of third party control suites (preference towards Syncfusion). Good knowledge of development tools including Subversion, MSBuild and CruiseControl.NET. C Senior Developer  SQL/GUI experience ****  **** plus excellent benefits