Title: Systems Analyst Software ****k Warrington
Webindex: 72346459
Company: Ascent People Ltd
Description: Systems Analyst/Business Systems Analyst/Systems Analyst/Business Analyst, Software, Software Development, Design, UML, Java, Design, Agile, Requirement gathering, Analysis, software development lifecycle, Telecoms, Process Analytic systems. Warrington, Cheshire, Manchester, Merseyside, Liverpool, Northwich, Wilmslow, Altrincham, Wigan, St Helens, Lancashire. Our client is a global leader in the software that they provide. They are looking for an experienced Business Systems Analyst to join their expanding team. Ideally you will already have experience as a Business Systems Analyst from within a busy software environment and will have been involved in end to end systems analysis skills including systems design and requirement gathering. You will work extremely closely with both the developers and testers and an excellent understanding or awareness of the software development lifecycle is needed. The software that our clients systems are developed in is Java so any experience of working within a Java environment would be a huge bonus. You will get to work with some hugely successful blue chip companies and will be able to understand business change needs, assessing the impacts of the change, capturing, analysing and documenting the requirements. Key skills needed for the Business Systems Analyst role are; A commercial background in systems analysis An excellent understanding of the full software development lifecycle Experience of requirement gathering, producing functional and nonfunctional specifications Experience from within a Java or other object orientated environment Strong Systems design and Process design skills Excellent communications skills The ability to liaise with technical and nontechnical persons As a Business Systems Analyst you will be paid an exceptional salary with some great benefits. Please send your CV to nadine.bramleyascentpeople.com. Ascent People Ltd is acting as an employment agency for this vacancy. Candidates from all ages and backgrounds will be considered. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SystemsAnalystSoftware****kWarrington_job****