Title: Application Support Analyst  Social Care
Webindex: 69595940
Company: Serco
Description: Vacancy details This list is meant to be indicative and is not exhaustive, an analyst may be required to assist other disciplines or undertake any other tasks that are requested of them by the relevant manager:   Respond to support calls from Social Care Systems Support Team, diagnosing problems and working towards resolution.  Use of Remedy to ensure timely incident, change and work order management.  Use of Netoffice to ensure timely and accurate recording of work hours and project activities.  Act as a technical link and advisor between HCC, other Serco teams, 3rd party suppliers to ensure that the businesses obtain the maximum capability from existing applications and potential new functionality.  Management of support queries with 3rd party suppliers, monitoring progress, chasing and ensuring responses received and communicated back to the customer.  Coordination of software upgrades including out of hours work.  Bespoke configuration as required by the customer.  The use of Liquidlogic`s forms designer to create or quality assure forms for Protocol applications.  Participation in projects.  Writing technical and nontechnical documentation.  Producing test plans and testing of newly developed applications, upgrades and bug fixes. Logging issues and working towards resolution.  Reviewing functional specifications. Working closely with the businesses to assist in UAT and logging calls.  Contributing to the knowledge base for the SCS Support and Development Teams.  Possible travel to other customer sites to provide consultancy.  Identifying potential service improvements to enhance systems.  Creation of reports using SQL.  May be required to assist the team with on call support out of hours. Skills  Self starter with the ability to work individually and as part of a team.  Good written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.  Good analytical and problem solving skills both working alone and as part of a team.  Able to write for both technical and nontechnical audiences and develop thorough detailed documentation.  Build strong relationships with customers and have a real ability to work in a collaborative fashion to provide advice and guidance that is considered and valued.  Resilient, determined and committed to deliver the best.  A positive attitude towards team work and a commitment towards the achievement of team goals.  Organised with the ability to prioritise workload.  Potential to develop technical expertise and system knowledge.  Flexible and adaptable to change.  Able to work under pressure in a demanding environment, asking for support when needed.  Able to work out of hours as necessary. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ApplicationSupportAnalystSocialCare_job****