Title: IT Training Manager  German Speaking  Networking  Security
Webindex: 72128236
Company: ReThink Recruitment
Description: Training Manager  IT  Networking  Security  Cisco  Telco  Mobility  SaaS  Smartphones  An award winning international supplier of Networking solutions to enterprise customers is currently hiring a Training Manager that speaks German to join the Professional Services team in either London or Munich. They are recognised as the clear market leader in a growing industry (SaaS/Mobility) and have the best offering utilised by a number FTSE 100 organisations. The IT solution is sold as a subscription based service to multiple industry sectors at enterprise level based on ****  36 month contracts. They sell directly and through a number of large channel partners which includes carriers and systems integrators. The role is varied and will focus on developing and delivering training material for customers and partners in the UK and Germany. This will include training non technical senior business users, stakeholders and IT staff in the customer base, usually the clients are large blue chip companies. You will also train the channel partners staff which could include sales people on the value of the product / services and the IT staff. This includes classes in person or through WebEx. You will also ensure that customers feedback is passed back to product development teams. The role requires an IT trainer with excellent written and verbal communication skills in both German or English. You can be based in the UK or Germany but will need to travel to customers about 20% of the time. The ideal candidate will have worked for an IT supplier and have experience of creating and delivering training programmes. Candidates with French language skills are also very desirable. The company have clear direction, a professional environment and an industry respected management team which lacks the politics of larger organisation. This is a great opportunity to play a pivotal role in the development of training across the EMEA region. We are acting as an Employment Agency This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITTrainingManagerGermanSpeakingNetworkingSecurity_job****