Title: Senior Mobile Web Developer in Java
Webindex: 69545328
Company: Alexander Black Recruitment
Description: Senior Mobile Web Developer in Java My company are an early stage mobile content publishing company backed by the most successful mobile advertising company in their sector. The backing company are one of the fastest growing tech companies in the UK and currently the world's largest mobile adult ad network. My company are a Global Mobile Business that speaks to a wide range of customers with multiple products specifically geared towards each targeted launch country. The culture will be one of fast movement, innovation, high growth and worldwide exposure. They are now looking for a talented and ambitious Java developer to join and lead the technical team. This is mainly a backend role so we need as much serverside experience as possible. Career progression and equity are assured for the successful candidate. This is an exciting opportunity, get in on day one and make your mark. Primary Duties and Responsibilities:  Responsible for the full software development lifecycle of the company’s projects, including specification, implementation and leadership.  Ensuring that a high level of quality is maintained. You will also work with business owners and account managers to plan and prepare for new projects.  Designing and building digital distribution platform for mobile devices. Experience working with different mobile platforms is desirable.  Integrating content partners via private APIs.  Deliver Content Management interface.  Hands on Programming and technical management. Qualifications and Skills:  At least 5 years of development experience in Java.  Solid knowledge of web services, J****EE and related technologies.  Relational database development and design experience.  Proficient with Linux/Unix platforms.  Ability to triage and troubleshoot integration related problems.  Thorough understanding of the mobile ecosystem.  Ability to work with product team.  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical major preferred.  Fluent English.  Passionate about technology, analytical, team player, committed, selfmotivated, creative, enjoys working in flexible environments, well organised. Technologies:  J****EE  SOAP/JSON/XML  Linux  Git  SQL  Mobile web development This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorMobileWebDeveloperinJava_job****