Title: Church Administrator
Webindex: 69148255
Company: Global Light Revival Church
Description: Purpose: To supervise and facilitate the daytoday administrative operation of the congregation. The position requires professionalism, confidentiality and high integrity as well as exceptional oral and written communication skills. Responsibilities: Subject to review and adjustment in conjunction with the Pastor and the Church Trustees the following constitute the major responsibilities of the Church Administrator. Church Administrator responsibilities: Coordinate the recruitment, support and training of teachers, helpers, and substitute teachers for Sunday school.  Applicants may notneed to be from the church but must support the vision, mission and ministry ofGlobal Light Revival Church Ensure timely, efficient and cost effective delivery of all administrative services and developing a productive and supportive relationship between the ministers and church members. maintaining the general ledger, accounts payable, accounts receivable, insurance and welfare package for members. manage the church calendar editing, producing and distributing church publications and communications maintaining files of official church records and documents encourage and manage volunteers participation in the church events provide direct administration support for pastors including: calendar management, correspondence and telephone messages financial administration support to the church finance accurately updating and keeping of general ledger using the financial software (Sage) Coordinate all special presentations, programs and activities of the Church Assist the church to develop the annual budget. Manage disbursement of budgeted funds for curriculum and supplies within the guidelines of the approved budget. General Responsibilities Attend Committee meetings and other meetings as required by the Pastor. Meet with the Pastor as needed at a time mutually agreed upon. Maintain administrative records as directed by the Church Trustees and the Pastor. Consent forms for field trips or outings outside the church facility. Working Conditions The position of Church Administrator requires great flexibility in hours available for work, including evenings and weekends. The Church will provide: An office, desk, phone, computer and printer, copier, limited secretarial support. The prayers, love, concern, and personal support for the sake of the ministry entrusted to you by God and for our ministry together in Christ’s name. Qualifications Must be an outgoing person who is happy to work with young people High organisational skills Must agree to a full CRB check Having a good knowledge of event management is a major advantage