Title: Sharepoint Developer  Epsom
Webindex: 72346375
Company: JM
Description: Sharepoint Developer  Epsom  Permanent Our client requires a developer with strong MOSS (Microsoft Office Sharepoint Server) knowledge to lead the design, build and delivery of the Company's workflow and Intranet solutions and their integration with its transaction and Datawarehouse systems. The successful candidate will have a strong background in development and analysis, with a proven track record of building robust, businesscritical workflow applications to time and budget. He or she will be enthusiastic, proactive and handson, with the analytical skills to understand and simplify the business processes, seeking costeffective workflow solutions which exploit its Sharepoint technology investment and which align with the Company's longerterm technical strategy. Main responsibilities involve the planning, design, build, testing and implementation of MOSS (Microsoft Office SharePoint Server) applications and the optimisation of the companies Sharepoint environments, on which its corporate Intranet and a number of workflow applications run. The candidate will have a solid development background, including Sharepoint/MS SQL technologies and covering all aspects of the development life cycle; preferably gained in the financial sector. They will have had experience of leading and developing more junior staff and have experience at a Senior Developer, Team Leader or Project Leader level. Experience of SQL database design and Object Oriented programming in a .NET environment will be an advantage. Essential Skills: Solid fullcycle development experience on transactional and front end applications, preferably gained in a financial services environment, including preparation of implementation plans and setup of support processes. experience of designing, delivering and supporting Microsoft Sharepoint sites, applications, webparts, dashboards, workflows and supporting MS SQL databases, and their integration with other windowsbased systems. Build and configuration experience using Microsoft Sharepoint Server Enterprise Edition. experience of windows server technologies and Active Directory. experience of Sharepoint designer, infopath forms create and web design tools. database design experience/Datamodelling, for Microsoft SQL Server. experience of HTML, Javascript and CSS. Experience of source control and version control. Ability to liaise with and manage the expectations of business representatives at all levels. Strong document authorship skills including documentation of requirements, designs and support operations. experience in a team leadership role (including training and development). The JM Group and JM Digital are acting as an Employment Agency with relation to this vacancy. The JM Group and JM Digital are an Equal Opportunities employer and we encourage applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SharepointDeveloperEpsom_job****