Title: PostProduction Mac Engineer Media Services
Webindex: 68839001
Company: Eligo Recruitment Ltd
Description: Mac OSX Post production engineer required to manage creative services department of dynamic agency. Xsan **** bash shell scripting, Final cut pro, Avid, linux, codecs, video, print standards, editing. My client is a fullservice advertising agency producing awardwinning domestic and international campaigns. It is a fun and sociable place to work in London W**** They have an extensive portfolio of clients and offices in London, Manchester, Australia and the US. Reporting to the Director level and liaising closely with relevant department heads, as Chief Mac Engineer you will have complete responsibility for all technology relating to creative media services within the organisation, and will work closely with the IT Manager to ensure the smooth running of these services. You will have an encyclopedic understanding of the inner workings of the Mac OS along with a good working knowledge of both Windows and Linux operating systems and with an exceptional knowledge of codecs, video and print standards. In your role, you will take responsibility for PostProduction Engineering, supporting and overseeing the editing, finishing and encoding infrastructure. This will involve specifying and deploying offline, online and stereoscopic edit and motion graphics suites along with a managed render farm. You will be the lead on the workflow of the PostProduction departments including planning and deployment of asset management, transcoding and automation systems. Alongside this, you will be responsible for providing technical support services to all other creative sections, including Print Design, Digital and Motion Graphics departments. You will deliver not only support, but also the planning, implementation and rollout of projects that improve both the infrastructure and the business. To this end, you should pride yourself on your ability to communicate on all levels and your understanding of the needs of the organisations that you work within, beyond just technology. People skills are key in this role and you must be remarkable at maintaining strong working relationships with project stakeholders. You will have excellent conceptual skills and be a good forward planner, with superb attention to detail and the ability to make strong, rapid and accurate decisions. Key skills include:Mac OSX support, Xsan **** support, Apple Macintosh, bash shell scripting, Final cut pro, Avid media composer, Post production, linux, codecs, video, print standards, PostProduction Engineering, editing, encoding infrastructure, motion graphics,workflow, asset management,transcoding, Adobe After Effects, Adobe creative suite, Maxon cinema ****D, Autodesk Smoke, Autodesk Maya,Telestream Episode Engine & CLI,Archiware PresStore,PipelineFX Qube,AJA Kona,Blackmagic Design Decklink,Infortrend & Xyratex Storage Subsystems, QLogic Fibre Channel switches, HP Procurve & Cisco Networking, ADIC, Overland & Tandberg Tape Libraries, MySQL ****K per annum dependent upon skills and experience plus Pension, Broadband and mobile phone.