Title: Lead Designer sought for leading eCommerce brand based in Central Lond
Webindex: 71774397
Company: Hanover IT Recruitment Ltd
Description: Lead Designer sought for leading eCommerce brand based in Central London. (Circa ****K) About the role: This is an exciting opportunity to jump on board with a leading eCommerce brand based in London. You will sit within a vibrant and enthusiastic team taking the helm of all things design responsibilities whilst at the same time guiding talent to fulfil their potential and produce world class work on time. You will love nothing more than looking at things with fresh eyes and thinking outside of the box to see where you can set the brand apart from the competition and strengthen it's market hold. The ideal candidate will have experience leading a design team both online and offline. The role is split between the company's two offices in London. You will be in charge of ensuring that all design responsibilities are met on time and on budget whilst leading a tam of junior designers to push creative boundaries to produce world class work. Day to day responsibilities include: Assist with production of art work and pages that are focused on being both commercial and usable, while being attractive and friendly for the target communities Designing microsites and landing pages for YouTube channels Car designs Posters iPhone games Visualize these ideas bring to life crazy ideas. Essential skills: Photoshop Illustrator inDesign Flash Experience producing on time and that the design studio is as effective as possible. Work closely with heads of departments (eg digital and trade) reporting to the Head of Brand Benefits: Competitive salary. Opportunity to make a real difference for a leading brand in an exploding industry. Social company with regular social events. Startup mentality but with a grownup' attitude. Collaborative environment. If this sounds like the perfect opportunity for you then please apply with a Word formatted C.V and Portfolio link. Please note that due to the volume of applications we receive only successful applicants will be contacted. Successful applicants will be contacted within **** hrs.