Title: eCommerce Web Developer (HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, jQuery
Webindex: 68691888
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: eCommerce Web Developer (HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, jQuery) Newark, Nottinghamshire ****  **** Plus 25 Days' Holiday, Childcare Voucher Scheme, Death In Service, Discount Company Services Are you an IT professional with experience of eCommerce development and great PHP, HTML, CSS, MySQL and jQuery skills? Looking to join a progressive and dynamic company and become part of their success story? If so, read on. Our client is a B2B internet service provider, providing their customers with a comprehensive solution for their entire communication needs. Growing rapidly, they have gained a place for the last four consecutive years in The Sunday Times 'Tech Track ****', which ranks Britain's fastest growing private tech companies. An opportunity has arisen for an eCommerce Web Developer to join their team. Working from our client's purpose built offices, as an eCommerce Web Developer, you will be responsible for the development of the customer facing website and eCommerce functionality. You will also support the development of our client's Drupal content management and eCommerce platform. To be considered for this role, you must have:  At least three years' in a web and/or eCommerce development role  A strong working knowledge of PHP  Demonstrable knowledge of HTML, CSS, MySQL and jQuery  An HND and/or degree in an IT related subject Additionally, as an eCommerce Web Developer, you must be a highly motivated team player with the ability to work with minimum supervision. You must also have strong multitasking skills and be adept at working to stringent deadlines. Effective interpersonal and communication attributes are also key. The ideal candidate will have experience of developing Drupal eCommerce solutions, however this is by no means essential. To apply for the role of eCommerce Web Developer (HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, jQuery), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: eCommerce Web Developer, HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, jQuery, Web Developer, Web Programmer, Web Developer, eCommerce Developer, PHP Developer, eCommerce Website Developer, eCommerce Application Developer, Web Application Developer, Drupal Developer, PHP Programmer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/eCommerceWebDeveloperHTMLCSSPHPMySQLjQuery_job****