Title: Lead UI Front End Developer  UK leading digital platform/consumer med
Webindex: 71335434
Company: Globeq
Description: A Lead UI Front End Developer is urgently required by a UK leading digital platform and consumer media company. They have **** websites published, over 1 million subscribers, and a brand reach of 11 million UK consumers through many household names and brands  this is a unique opportunity to join an accredited Digital division, work with cutting edge technology, and report directly to the CTO. The Lead UI Front End Developer will work on their publishing, community and commerce platforms, and be passionate about bringing designs to reality, creating firstclass user interfaces and ensuring exceptional attention to detail with regard to browser compatibility. The Lead UI Front End Developer will have command good communication skills, work well within a team structure, have a proven ability to learn new skills and have experience working with agile processes. They will have excellent skills in regard to HTML, JavaScript and CSS along with a very strong understanding of Server Side development practices, especially ASP.NET/C. The Lead Front End Developer will be able to produce work that conforms to the various web accessibilities along with HTML email development best practices. Essential skill requirements for position include: Expert knowledge of HTML, HTML5 elements and their application. Must be able to handcraft semantic markup for consumption on various platforms. CSS3, including Media queries, fontface and the latest selectors Understanding of Web Accessibility (WAIARIA) and general UX best practices HTML/HTML5/XHTML/DHTML JavaScript including OOP concepts, Ajax, JSON and best practices such as namespacing and DOM performance. Must be experienced with jQuery. Ability to mentor colleagues Responsive design for mobile and tablet devices Great understanding of designing UI for SEO Experience of coaching and mentoring Experience of working with in AGILE development methodology Desirable skills include: ASP.NET (C) Flash XML, XSD, XSL Mobile (iOS)