Title: Hyperion HFM Consultant  PureApps
Webindex: 69994117
Company: Pure Apps
Description: Oracle Hyperion HFM Consultant / Senior Consultant  PureApps London – flexible to travel Excellent Salary and benefits on offer Start Date: ASAP PureApps are the former Hyperion UK distributor and their final Partner of the Year. Today, we are the Leading Full Service Provider for all Oracle Hyperion EPM and BI solutions. We deliver more Oracle Hyperion channel revenues than any other UK partner. Uniquely, we help organisations with the comprehensive end to end service required to provide them with a new Performance Management Solution to meet today’s demanding requirements. We are seeking to recruit individuals with HFM system design and implementation skills at all grades. We have vacancies at Analyst through to Principal Consultant. This opportunity is focusing specifically on Consolidation and Reporting solutions across various industry sectors. We are looking for individuals across the spectrum of grades and experience. At a senior level w e would expect applicants to have considerable experience of leading large performance management programmes, preferably within a major blue chip or consulting environment. You will have been supporting decision making at a senior level (CFO level) and be able to demonstrate a track record of implementation success and overcoming various challenges. In addition, depending on the grade you are applying for, we require all candidates to a combination of: Experienced recruitment ienced recruitment  Education to Degree level. Additional qualifications such as ACA/ACCA/CIMA/MBA are valued but not essential.  Experience of leading projects in Financial Consolidation and one or more of the following areas: Budgeting and forecasting, Management reporting or KPIs/Balanced scorecard.  Demonstrable experience of managing a programme throughout the full lifecycle – design, build and implementation  Demonstrated ability to advise senior management on alternative solutions and risks with experience of presenting and influencing at a senior level.  Deep understanding of finance operating models, key business drivers and commercial information reporting systems in a multinational corporate environment.  A knowledge of Enterprise Performance Management (EPM) and Business Intelligence (BI) systems and other relevant software.  Deep technical implementation knowledge of **** of the major Financial Consolidation technologies is required i.e. Oracle Hyperion Financial Management (HFM) or SAP (BPC or Magnitude).  Demonstrable knowledge and experience on any/all of the following; design, metadata, rules, install and configuration  Confident approach, self motivated with excellent interpersonal and communication skills (verbal and written)  A flexible and team focused working style within a multifunctional team.  Preference will also be given to candidates with well demonstrated external consulting experience. This is an excellent opportunity to join PureApps at an exciting time. We are the largest Oracle Hyperion EPM Consultancy and are expanding rapidly in the UK and into Europe. PureApps combines a fantastic working environment with exciting projects and a strong social community feel to the business. We have openings at different levels and across multiple skills sets so please do get in touch for more information rparsonspureapps.com or call us on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HyperionHFMConsultantPureApps_job****