Title: IT Governance Analyst  Banking  ****k
Webindex: 68350500
Description: IT Governance Analyst / Technology Governance Analyst  Leading Global Retail Bank, Governance Analyst / Regulatory Control /  ****  ****k  Banking package based in Buckinghamshire IT Governance Analyst with strong information security experience required by a leading blue chip retail banking organisation to take on a challenging new role. This is an opportunity to join a genuine market leader that is renowned for its investment in career development. Competencies Required: Strong IT Governance / Technology Governance experience Excellent MI reporting skills using Excel and Access Educated to degree level or equivalent qualification This is a broad and challenging role and the Technology Governance Analyst will be responsible for designing and implementing governance processes across Europe and also defining and developing MI reporting processes and tools to be used by stakeholders throughout the business. Interacting with key stakeholders in different business units, the governance analyst will ensure that relevant IT Governance and Controls are applied and then be responsible for producing Management Information reports to document findings to senior management. Reporting directly to the head of Governance, this is a chance for an ambitious IT governance and control specialist to gain exposure within a Global Banking environment and progress quickly. Applicants should have a strong background in IT Governance and experience of designing governance processes within banking or financial services. You should also have extensive experience of MI reporting processes and tools, and be able to establish an effective MI reporting process for IT governance activities across the organisation. The successful candidate will have advanced skills in Microsoft Access and Excel, and may have had some exposure within a development environment in the past. This is an urgent requirement within a market leading bank with a fantastic reputation and brand. Please send in a copy of your CV for further information. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy