Title: Dev Ops Engineer, ECommerce, London
Webindex: 68684859
Company: Huntress Group
Description: I am looking for an experienced Dev Ops engineer to join a rapidly expanding technical team based in South West London. In this role, you will work closely with a crossfunctional team composed of technical, creative, business development, user experience and marketing. The successful candidate will work within the technical team on the design, implementation and maintenance of all the technical systems of online and development infrastructure. This includes systems design configuration, OS/Middleware/Application management, provision of development, continuous delivery and test systems, security, deployments, uptime monitoring and performance reporting. You will need an understanding of web systems based on Ruby and Rails, experience with Apache and MySQL web servers and databases, and a good knowledge of CI/CD systems such as Jenkins, any experience of working in an ecommerce environment would also be hugely beneficial. Desired Skills Experience  Experience with Ruby, Rails, Java or JavaScript web applications  Managing and improving the existing development and production infrastructure, using tools such as Puppet/Chef to automate as much as possible  Setting up monitoring and alerting systems that ensure that any issues in the production environment are identified and resolved as quickly as possible  Extending and improving systems for automating testing and deployment processes  Working closely with the development team to ensure that the application is interacting effectively with the infrastructure it runs on  Experience with configuration management and automation (Chef or Puppet)  Working knowledge of loadbalancers and highavailability setups  Practical knowledge of BigIP F****s, Redhat Cluster Suite, HA Proxy  Working knowledge of databases; MySQL, MongoDB, Redis  Any experience of Windows systems administration and Active Directory or any LDAP/Kerberos equivalent on Linux  Hands on experience with virtualization technologies (Xen/VMware) This is a great opportunity to join a growing team in a highly technical environment. If you would like to know more then please send me your CV in the first instance and I will call you to discuss further. Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DevOpsEngineerECommerceLondon_job****