Title: x**** Contract Well Services / Well Intervention Engineers, UK
Webindex: 66378071
Description: I am looking for two contract Well Services / Well Intervention Engineers for an office based assignment but with the expectation to make visits to offshore and land installations around 30% of the time, to supervise well integrity, intervention and completion programmes at the wellsite. These roles are for an Aberdeen based client & ideally we are looking for candidates to start within the next five weeks, ASAP ideally. I have telephone interview slots for Monday, with good day rates on offer: Key Job Responsibilities  Interface with the Asset Subsurface teams, to ensure alignment in all well preplanning efforts, and to develop alternate scenarios and options for well integrity and/or intervention workscopes.  Ensure all well integrity/intervention objectives (slickline, eline, coil tubing operations, tree/wellhead work, etc.) are identified and documented via Risk Uncertainty Management Plans, including all HES, Reliability & Efficiency risks and put in place mitigating actions.  Prepare well programmes for well integrity, interventions, workovers and completions.  Develop detailed probabilistic time cost estimates for supporting well construction, well integrity and intervention projects.  More information can be provided on request : . Required (Basic) Qualifications:  Substantial field experience in supervising Slickline, Eline and Coiled Tubing well intervention operations likely gained over a period of 15 years.  Proven experience in upper completion installation.  Wellhead and xmas tree knowledge essential.  Experience of project management preferred.  Proficient in risk management and the assessment of well anomalies.  Experience working in High Pressure High Temperature Environments preferred.  Experience within a service company essential and previous experience with a major Operator preferred. If these two roles are of interest, please send me your latest CV and I will give you a call