Title: Web Development Manager
Webindex: 70781718
Company: Opilio Recruitment
Description: We’re searching for an experienced Web Development Manager to work in an extremely high profile Tech Company in London, specialising in creating Streaming Video solutions across Web and Mobile devices. They are looking for a skilled Web Development Manager, who can authentically and effectively manage a team of skilled PHP / Python and JavaScript developers in their Web Services team. Our client uses cutting edge technologies to create innovative and high profile video streaming applications. This is a pivotal role and a unique opportunity to lead future development planning and implementation, to support our client’s ever growing services and partners. Role •Oversee and drive several crossfunctional scrum teams •Lead the people management of all PHP/Python backend developers •Be a major stakeholder in architectural decisions •Helps to drive process and productivity improvement •Design highly scalable web services that enable clients and their users to access and consume digital media on any device. •Encourage technical documentation to a high standard. •Collaborate with Technical Project Manager and senior management during development to ensure what is delivered meets expectations of client and users. •Collaborate with QA Engineering in ensuring a robust test approach is defined for your development deliverables. •Mentoring and training of Junior Engineers •Drive innovation and new technologies Essential Skills and Experience •Demonstrable commercial experience of Python, PHP or Ruby •A solid understanding of architecture and design principles for delivering scalable web services •Experience of object oriented programming / modular programming. •Experience of test driven development approaches. •Understanding of MVC design patterns and frameworks. •Experience of SQL using either MySQL, NoSQL or similar. •Commercial experience in building web services. •Strong problem solving skills •Knowledge of the Linux command line and Apache. •Demonstrable experience in building applications for cloud services like AWS, Rackspace or Azur •Results driven and accountable for delivery. •Strong team player Desirable Skills and Experience •Experience of working with XML and knowledge of XSD •Experience of technologies like Celery and RabbitMQ •Experience with Selenium •Experience with Python or PHP frameworks E.g. Zend, Symfony, Django •Experience with Memcached or other caching technologies •Well versed in developing in an agile development environment. •Experience of continuous integration and continuous deployment principles and tools. •Competence in one other language e.g. Java or C •Experience with Hadoop or other analysis of big data •Experience with Bash. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/WebDevelopmentManager_job****