Title: Junior Application Technical Consultant/ Accountancy Software
Webindex: 69042900
Company: Senitor Associates
Description: Junior Application Technical Consultant/ Accountancy Software Bristol **** End user or supporting financial systems such as Sage, Oracle Financials, SAP, People Soft, Agresso, Access Dimension, Dynamics, Navision My client, a wellknown, market leading software house whose accountancy/ financial product is used around the world by medium and large companies across every industry sector are seeking an enthusiastic and passionate application support to join their team They are looking for someone who has accounting/ bookkeeping experience but looking to start a brand new career in the Technical department in a leading company The client needs someone that will be able to be brought up to speed quickly with the technical aspect of their software and there could be progression into a Technical Consultancy or Senior Support Engineer position. This role will be of interest to anyone with a background working with accountancy/ financial systems with good communication skills who is confident with technology and has good allround IT skills.  In order to apply for this position you can either have a background in accountancy or currently support financial software/ applications All you need to apply for this position is experience in Accountancy software as an end user. You must be very analytical with experience in risk analysis and you should be very client facing. The salary is very competitive depending on experience and you will receive an extensive training package in the company software and responsibilities of the role. The role will consist of liaising with clients and endusers of the application, giving advice, offering adhoc training and making sure the clients get the most from the software. Full training is provided for the successful candidate. Previous experience in a helpdesk role, customer service or client facing should be highlighted within your CV. This company offers a huge potential for progression, with internal promotions and cross training available once you are confident in the role. For the chance to be put forward to my client, see if you tick the boxes below and if so please send your CV immediately. Who should apply?  Work with accountancy software such as Sage, Oracle Financials, SAP, People Soft, Agresso, Access Dimension, Dynamics, Navision  Use financial software as an end user or have helpdesk support experience?  Do you have Good Communication skills and the confidence to speak with clients? Are you Career Minded and keen to succeed?  Do you have Customer Service skills or experience supporting others? If you can answer Yes to most of the questions above then we want to hear form you This is a fantastic opportunity for someone who is seeking to begin their career within the high flying field of IT. If you would like to be considered for this exciting role then send your CV ASAP to Dawn.KeableSenitor.com Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JuniorApplicationTechnicalConsultantAccountancySoftware_job****