Title: Citrix Windows System Engineer
Webindex: 69557619
Company: Request Technology Anthony Honquest
Description: Prestigious Enterprise Firm is seeking a Windows/Citrix Engineers out of large Enterprise environments who have a heavy focus on Windows Server, Citrix, Scripting with Citrix EdgeSight automation, load testing and info provisioning. Looking for someone who has experience working in a large enterprise environment. Position Highlights: The Senor Engineer provides hands on expertise working in the server environment, with a concentration of his/her work focusing on Citrix implementation, support, and related technology in the healthcare environment. Position Responsibilities: Coordinates small teams of IS personnel for short duration projects. Monitors project process, progress, and results. Strong skills in ICA Client management and configuration. Experience working with Citrix Provisioning Server. Experience working with Citrix EdgeSight. Experience working with Citrix NetScaler appliance. Experienced with profiling, publishing, troubleshooting applications that are deployed using Citrix Application Streaming technology. Handson experience with one or more hypervisor technologies. Direct knowledge of Active Directory and Group Policy Object management. Practical experience installing vendor software. Practical experience using remote management tools. Familiar with system backup technologies. Experience with software and operating system patch management. Familiar with server hardening methodologies and practical implementation experience. Authors and executes projects plans for small projects. Leads project exploration teams. Documents system functions. Assists with user manuals or writes status reports. Assists in facilitation of user sessions to determine requirements, review development, or seek input. Position Qualifications Include: Minimum 4 years of experience in area Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information systems, or related technical field Experience in a Healthcare environment preferred. Certification such as Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE), Citrix Certified Enterprise Engineer are desirable Experience with current trends and needs of healthcare information systems and processes as they relate to their area Excellent Interpersonal Skills Strong oral and written communication skills with technical and clinical audiences Excellent analytical skills Exceptional organizational skills to facilitate work in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment Knows how to translate business problems into technical solutions Able to document system functions Command of common office tools (eg Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, email) Highly Desirable Skills Strong skills in ICA Client management and configuration. Experience working with Citrix Provisioning Server. Experience working with Citrix EdgeSight. Experience working with Citrix NetScaler appliance. Experienced with profiling, publishing, troubleshooting applications that are deployed using Citrix Application Streaming technology. Handson experience with one or more hypervisor technologies. Direct knowledge of Active Directory and Group Policy Object management. Desirable Demonstrated project management experience. Practical experience installing vendor software. Practical experience using remote management tools. Familiar with system backup technologies. Experience with software and operating system patch management. Familiar with server hardening methodologies and practical implementation experience. Certification such as Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE), Citrix Certified Enterprise Engineer