Title: MFD Photocpier Field Service Engineer (trainee opportunity considered)
Webindex: 71851786
Company: DR Downes
Description: Unique opportunity for a Trainee or an expereinced MFD Photocopier Field Service Engineer located in Leicester. Purpose of the roles:  The correction and preventive maintenance of MFD’s faults within timescales and acceptable standards of quality and safety covering the Leicester to Derby region. What you need, to be successful in these roles: Applicants will offerrelevant experience and knowledge of Canon and/or Toshiba MDF’s (desirable) A recognised and accredited manufacturing training certificate (desirable) HNC or equivalent in Electronics or Mechanical Engineering (desirable) City Guilds in Eletronics or Information Technology (essential for Trainee Applicants) Proven customer service skills essential Good communication skills essential Full driving licence essential Personal Qualities:  SelfMotivated  Positive ‘Can do’ attitude  Clean driving license  Commercially Aware  Confidentiality Core duties: To minimise downtime on fault call outs. To respond promptly and efficiently to fault call outs. To carry out third line maintenance on any equipment as contracted to the company at any time To accurately fill in timesheets and complete reports required by the management. To assist with the installation or commissioning of equipment as required by the management. To ensure that all relevant working practices comply with the statutory Health and Safety at Work Act and with the companies’ regulations and external Customer requirements as applicable. To deliver and/or collect equipment modules from site to other locations as required. To assist with stock control or fault control if deemed necessary by the management. To aim at maintaining standards of quality compatible with ISO 9002. To carry out all tasks in accordance with company health and safety and quality standards and procedures. In addition to the duties and responsibilities listed, the job holder is required to perform other duties assigned by the supervisor/manager from time to time, as may be reasonably required from them. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MFDPhotocpierFieldServiceEngineertraineeopportunityconsidered_job****