Title: Linux / UNIX Software / Systems Test Engineer
Webindex: 72448231
Company: ION Recruitment
Description: We urgently require a Linux / UNIX Software / Systems Test Engineer for a world leading Edinburgh based client offering cuttingedge software and a forward thinking and exciting workplace. The successful Software / Systems Test Engineer will work closely with our clients Linux software development teams and be a key part of the development process of their software and systems, designing and performing test regimes for mission critical products. Duties: Testing software components and systems throughout the product lifecycle: Creating, maintaining and reviewing product test plans, identifying new test equipment, dataset and simulation requirements. Developing and maintaining test procedures and scripts, based on product specifications and enhanced by your growing product knowledge and exploratory techniques. Creating and maintaining test execution environments to support manual and automatic testing. Performing functional and nonfunctional system acceptance and regression test plans. Perform ongoing maintenance testing. Working to aggressive timescales while maintaining high levels of accuracy and regression coverage. Defect Logging and Tracking to our Bugzilla database. Acquiring knowledge and expertise in our product ranges and test mechanisms, the rapidly developing Seismic industry and the latest technological developments. Assisting and advising other staff members on system features and customer use case scenarios. Skills Experience: Degree or HND in Electronics, Computing or related a discipline from a recognized establishment. ISEB qualified to Foundation level or able to demonstrate a strong understanding of software testing methodology. System testing and troubleshooting experience (preferably technical on Linux based systems). Applicants will be self motivated, eager to learn new technologies and should also: Be flexible, focused, accurate and methodical with a keen eye for detail, have good communication skills (written and verbal) and a cando attitude, wish to contribute to quality improvement projects, have good business awareness and judgement. Salary Benefits: Salary to **** Performance related bonus scheme. (historically 1015% of salary) Company matched Pension Scheme up to 6%1% (total contribution 13%). Permanent Health and Life Insurance. This is an excellent opportunity to join an established but rapidly expanding organisation. Please send a copy of your cv to derekionrecruitment.com to apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LinuxUNIXSoftwareSystemsTestEngineer_job****