Title: SQL Server DBA
Webindex: 66630850
Company: Matchtech
Description: Role with an extremely exciting engineering organisation based in Woking. Seeking a SQL Server DBA with strong ability in installation, configuration and upgrading of SQL Server Database systems. A unique opportunity for a SQL Server DBA to join an extremely prestigious organisation. If you feel you have the technical skills and ability, get in touch today to talk further about this opportunity. As a SQL Server DBA, you will be heavily involved in database design, performance monitoring and tuning, backup and recovery and data integrity and security. You will install, configure and upgrade SQL Server Software. As the DBA, you will also perform security audits and risk analysis and plan growth and changes. As the SQL Server DBA, you will need strong, proven ability in:  Detailed knowledge of SQL Server 2000 – SQL Server 2008  Microsoft Certified Database Administrator (MCDBA) qualification or equivalent proven ability  Strong knowledge on how to implement Stored Procedures, Extended Store Procedures, Triggers and Cursors, Views, Database Normalisation, Replication, Database performance, Indexing, Database Mirroring and SQL.  Working knowledge of MS Sharepoint **** WSS (MOSS ****) an advantage  Data warehousing, data architecture, data quality, ETL processes, OLAP concepts, meta data concepts and project methodology an advantage  Knowledge of working in an ITIL environment would be beneficial  Understanding of virtualisation, load balancing, clustering, caching processes  Database performance tuning and monitoring tools  Good written and oral communication skills; good interpersonal skills.  Ability to conduct research into database issues and related products as required.  Highly self motivated and directed, with keen attention to detail.  Proven analytical and problemsolving abilities.  Ability to effectively prioritize tasks in a highpressure environment.  Strong customer service orientation In summary, if you are a SQL Server DBA and have a strong background in Database Administration, coupled with strong design and installation skills and are looking to join a highly prestigious organisation and great company to work for, get in touch today To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.