Title: Barclays Future Leaders Development Programmes
Webindex: 72653751
Company: Barclays
Description: Future Leaders Development Programmes If you're looking for amazing views, remarkable insights and incredible prospects, you're in the right place. The Barclays Future Leaders Development Programme helps the most ambitious, visionary graduates make it to the top of the financial services world  a place where they can see more and be more. Whichever leadership programme you choose, expect an intensive introduction to the fastmoving world of financial services as you prepare for a toplevel career in your chosen field. The programmes Whether you're at university, fresh out of university or you've already begun to develop your professional career, we can provide you with the support and opportunities you need to make accelerated progress on your leadership journey. You can opt for one of our Functional Leadership Programmes that will equip you for a highflying future in Human Resources, Marketing Analytics, Risk, Technology  Product and Process Development, and Finance. Whichever path is right for you, the overall development structure remains the same. The training options are carefully selected and structured to ensure you have the best possible start on your learning journey. The experiences you gain along the way will give you the commercial mindset and strategic outlook to build on your natural ambition and transform you from next big thing to fullyfledged business leader. Who we look for How far do you want to take your career? If your answer is anything other than to the top then there s a good chance this isn t quite the programme for you. We can help you gain the skills, expertise and insight you need to lead  but only if you have the strength of ambition, unwavering focus and raw potential to do so. It goes without saying that your academic record will be of the highest order (a minimum ****:**** and 300 UCAS points to be precise). But what we re really interested in is your potential, which is why we ve identified key behavioural sets that mark out our future leaders. We will look at your ability to inspire and collaborate with others, to be bold and drive change, and to see the business through our customers eyes. For more information and to apply please visit: