Title: Infrastructure Support Team Leader
Webindex: 68358937
Company: Experis IT
Description: An experienced Infrastructure Support Team Leader is required to join a worldclass infrastructure services business. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Infrastructure Support Team Lead with strong Active Directory, Windows Server, Network Infrastructure and Desktop Infrastructure skills to join a well established company that offers excellent career progression and opportunities. The key responsibility of the Infrastructure Support Team Leader will be to lead the provision of 2nd line implementation, maintenance and infrastructure support services to ensure the stable operation of the organisation's infrastructure, data and voice networks. The Infrastructure Support Team Leader will be required to coordinate and ensure relevant technical expertise is available, allocating work across the team. They will also undertake basic management activities to manage the deliverables of the Lead Infrastructure Support Analysts as well as supporting the Infrastructure Services Manager with the line management and performance management of the Lead Infrastructure Support Analyst team. In addition they will be required to assist in the recruitment, training and development within the Infrastructure Support Team. The Infrastructure Support Team Leader will have previous experience of 2nd level incident and Problem Management and will have previously worked closely with the service desk team to resolve incidents within SLAs. They will be required to lead the support team in responding to any faults which require an onsite presence or lengthy investigation leaving the Service Desk free to respond to incoming calls. The team leader will lead the support team in proactively identifying operational problems and contributing to their resolution as well as leading them in providing technical expertise to enable the correct application of operational procedures and liaising with 3rd line support for additional expertise where needed. The Infrastructure Support Team Lead will have previous experience of leading teams in providing technical expertise in the evaluation, design and implementation of infrastructure projects. They will also have previous experience of leading teams in the administration and support of Active Directory, Servers and Storage, Network Infrastructure and Desktop Infrastructure. The Infrastructure Support Team Lead will have expertise in Active Directory, Servers and Storage including awareness and administration of Windows Server **** and 2008, Microsoft AD Administration, Microsoft Exchange client user administration and Blackberry Enterprise Server Administration. In addition to this the role holder should have good knowledge of Network Infrastructure including LAN infrastructure topologies (protocols and fault diagnosis), awareness of WAN connectivity types (MPLS, DSL) and Basic support for Cisco network switches. The infrastructure support analyst will have proven Desktop Infrastructure experience including Windows Desktop OS Support (XP and Windows 7), Microsoft Desktop Applications (MS Office suite **** and 2010) and Windows WSUS v 3, MacAfee EPO v **** client management). The role holder must be prepared to travel to other locations for this role, Newcastle and Bristol. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Infrastructure Support Team Lead with experience of leading the implementation, configuration and support of desktop infrastructure, data and voice networks to further their skills within a well established company. For more information apply now or call Ellie Chadwick on **** **** **** This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InfrastructureSupportTeamLeader_job****