Title: Account Manager Dedicating Hosting
Webindex: 71565583
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: Account Manager  IT Sales / Dedicated Hosting Worcester Earnings potentially up to ****k per annum with OTE Account Manager  IT Sales / Dedicated Hosting, is required to join a leading Internet Service Provider. Managing the daytoday sales of multiaward winning Hosting services, you will be joining an international team supporting a EuropeWide business, helping to generate new sales in a customer focussed role. As an Account Manager within Dedicated Hosting, you will be expected to establish opportunities to sell awardwinning Hosting products to current clients and new customers. Realising new sales opportunities within existing clients from proactive outgoing calls, developing upsales to dedicated hosting services. The Account Manager  IT Sales / Dedicated Hosting will come from a strong sales background with ideally 5 years prior experience in an IT sales environment. Resilient and driven with a desire to achieve targets to maximise earning potential, the Account Manager  IT / Dedicated Hosting will excel in a target driven environment. If you have previous experience in Sales and Account Management in IT, with particular focus on Hosting services and are interested in this position, please apply now. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/AccountManagerDedicatingHosting_job****