Title: Test Consultant / Analyst
Webindex: 71299433
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Test Consultant / Analyst In support of the growth plans across the Testing team for 2013, my client are looking to recruit this key senior role, based either in their H/O or at client sites to deliver quality Testing services whilst also driving forwards the innovations within the Testing Practice. This is a key senior role within the Test Practice. Looking for an individual with an excellent track record of delivering large scale test engagements combined with a passion for innovation and thought leadership within the testing profession. This is a technical role which may appeal to team leaders with a variety of Senior positions coming live on the next 6 months that will give the successful candidate a unique opportunity to lead, manage and practice within a growing, successful testing practice. This role would suit someone with some of the following experience or background: Significant Test Consultancy or Technical Test Management experience, earned across multiple markets segments covering a wide range of Testing disciplines and skills. Excellent communication and client management skills evidenced through a long history of well build relationships. Inspirational thought leader and a well regarded, established member of the software testing community. A recognised expert in test methods, tools, technologies and one of the leading lights in driving test innovation in the market. Business growth and excellent relationship management ability Proven business expert with a track record of growing test engagements and proactively developing business This is a role for a established test professional, someone who is or wants to become the leader of the Test Consultancy. Taking accountability for all of the Test Consultancy work and Specialist Test Services delivery across the entire portfolio of projects and customers is a key role and the person to fill this opportunity will lead by example. Outstanding customer facing skills are vital and the opportunity to demonstrate these will be on the major testing engagements. Experience Required  Expert level knowledge of Technical Test Management, Test Consultancy and Test Team Leadership  Experience of HP tool suite: LoadRunner (LR) or similar tool  Testing of websites and a selection of: Web (HTTP/HTML), SAP, Oracle, Citrix, Java or/and Microsoft technologies.  Understanding of project lifecycle and meeting deadlines  Strong Project Management skills in the area of Test Project Management would be an advantage.  This person is likely to have completed a significant amount of training and obtained industry recognition as part of their career. Qualifications such as ISEB Practitioner would be expected. This is a fantastic position with some flexibility on location with main Head Office based in the East Anglia but a satellite office in Hertfordshire which could be worked at. For more information send through your CV to Alex Froude