Title: Software Licensing Solutions Sales Specialist
Webindex: 71559659
Company: SCC
Description: We are SCC  Specialist Computer Centres , Europe s largest and most successful IT services provider . Our Software Licensing and Software Asset Management division continues to grow due to its expertise in aiding public sector and commercial organisations achieve best value in the delivery and support of integrated software and technology solutions in business critical areas such as virtualisation ,desk top management , server consolidation and cloud computing . The Software Licensing Solutions Sales Specialist s primary responsibility is the development of incremental software license opportunities from within SCC Public Sector Region. Responsibilities will include :  To identify and drive the core infrastructure service opportunity in our Software License customers .  To engage with new and existing software licence customers to articulate the opportunity for solutions and technology deployments for which they have software license entitlements eg Server Platform , Desktop Solutions , Management , Virtualisation  Server and Client .  To engage with out technical consultants and architects to understand current and prospective projects and to identify and provide the correct software licences for the solutions .  Drive growth of the Software business and complimentary products and services .  Develop new software license business to SCC and drive existing annuity business .  Proactively engage with the wider virtual team including Software Asset Management team, Software Technical Account Managers to promote business value through technology adoption and solution development . Skills, Knowledge & Experience:  Experienced in Software Licensing Solution Sales .  Good knowledge and experience of Software Asset Management .  Proven ability to deal effectively at senior level point of contact within Public Sector bodies .  Ability to understand business requirements and articulate appropriate technologies and services to meet the needs of the client.  An excellent understanding of the current software industry.  Knowledge of Microsoft Software and Licensing is essential with MCP accreditation and VSP, CCSP .  Symantec Software [SSE] advantageous . We offer an attractive rewards package consisting of a base salary of up to ****k base ,commission of ****k uncapped plus fully expensed company car and other benefits associated with a large and successful IT company. Interested ? Then click the response button now