Title: Dynamics AX presales consultant
Webindex: 66434630
Description: Dynamics AX pre sales consultant needed to join an established European partner focused on the retail, food and drink sector. Due to the large number of leads this client has and due to their successful pipeline converting to sales the client is looking for an AX pre sales consultant to join their team.Within this current pre sales team there is an industry AX expert with extensive food experience, as well as retail ERP Pre sales consultant. What they are now looking for is an AX Pre sales consultant or a functional consultant looking to move into pre sales that has extensive knowledge of the AX industry, preferably across supply chain, T L or distribution modules. In this role you will get the opportunity to work with an experienced pre sales team that is backed up by a strong leads generating team and work for a recognised company with a reputation in retail, food and drinks industry across Europe. The sales and pre sales team is given every opportunity to bring in new business and as such they are looking for a senior AX pre sales consultant to enhance their current team. You will have the opportunity to own multiple pre sales pitches and work as a team focusing on individual strengths to enhance the message and capability of the team. Your OTE bonus is based on the sales team hitting their yearly targets and the Sales Manager has 10 years AX experience and is already 80% of yearly target with 4 projects ready to be signed off. As such it is highly likely that the sales target and bonus will be paid this year. This is an urgent role so send a CV immediately or call Dan Rosehill on **** for more information on this role.Cognitive are trusted and exclusively retained to fill many senior AX, CRM and SharePoint positions for the top 40% MS Dynamics partners, the world's largest software vendors and hundreds of end user organisations A Unique Candidate ExperienceOur approach is different from most recruitment consultancies in that we're interested in you for the long term. We focus on your motivations, aspirations and personal goals with the aim to match your skills, knowledge and aspirations to the optimum permanent or contract role for you.From start to finish, we work with you at every stage of the application process, leveraging our intimate knowledge of each client; we provide you with advice and insight which will help you secure your chosen role.