Title: Manager  Platform and Web Analytics
Webindex: 71685403
Company: MBN Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: My client is a household name in the electronics entertainment industry. They are looking for an experienced, talented individual with skills across both web analytics and Business Intelligence/Analysis. The role requires an individual to manage data integration, analysis and reporting on online, mobile, gaming and CRM platforms performance and campaigns. The successful candidate will go on to work as a liaison among stakeholders in order to elicit, analyze, communicate and validate requirements for changes to analytics and leads indepth analysis to uncover drivers of user behaviour and campaign effectiveness. Key accountabilities will include: Campaign and Investment analysis for online advertising, website, social media, etc Calculate multichannel marketing ROI, campaign effectiveness, measuring a number of KPIs Develop core insights from data, create and execute tests that drive fundamental improvements to the site experience. Conduct online customer behaviour analysis, such as user response, web site conversions, feature usage, social engagement, virality and attrition rates. Track user behaviour and arrive at finding key consumer behaviour insights. Create dashboards by pulling data from different sources and websites for presentation. Develop A/B and multivariate tests to drive platform and campaign improvements. Technical Experience Required:  Experience in working with standard clickstream analysis tools such as Omniture, WebTrends, CoreMetrics, and Google Analytics.  Sound knowledge in Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau, Business Objects, MicroStrategy and Cognos.  Experience in SEM/SEO strategies and measurement of success in SEM/PPC and SEO campaigns/efforts.  Experience with loyalty programs.  Advanced quantitative and statistical analysis skills. (SPSS knowledge desirable) Personal Qualities:  Exposure to project management skills, business process redesign principles, tools and techniques an advantage.