Title: LINUX REDHAT PUPPET TEAM LEADER
Webindex: 64548128
Company: JW Resource
Description: Team Leader . Manager required with experience in Support / IT Management or Networking working with Linux,RedHat, Puppet, Kickstart, Juniper,Arista, ITIL, Windows Servers and have any of the following qualifications: Linux, RHC level, Networking, Juniper JNCIS, JNCIP, Arista ACE, Windows, MCSE, VMware, VCP, This is a role for a candidate that in his past has had experience in Network Management / Support Management and now wants to step into a very important and prestigious role working for a firm of Brokers based in the City. You will be given the opportunity to create – support and own a very important part of the existing infrastructure together with the opportunity to get involved in the recruitment and training process for the new members of staff coming on board right now. Your role will be to manage a team of 8 support engineers – offer leadership and guidance and set the procedure strategy. You will also drive the SLA’s and KPI’s. You will need to understand ITIL and you will require a background in technical server / network support working with Linux / RedHat and / Or Juniper / Arista / VMware and Windows. You will have a broad range of responsibilities to ensure maximum system availability and helping to build a secure and scalable technology platform. You will be responsible for infrastructure systems support and the infrastructure architecture of the platform. As team leader you will need to develop and maintain operational guidelines for the maintenance and support of the infrastructure and you will also be the Initial escalation point for support problems related to Linux, Network, VMware and Windows infrastructure. The following is what’s expected from you in this role A track record in managing a supporting large team successfully and large servers farms successfully. Ability to work across multiple technologies / applications, including management of customers’ expectations. Experience in running solutions based on RedHat / Linux products and technologies. Experience with RedHat Enterprise Linux version 6, Juniper switching and firewalls,Arista switches, VMware **** and Windows 2008 servers/domains. Use of Kickstart for automated system deployment. Use of Puppet for system configuration management. Experience with scripting, BASH, Perl, PHP or Ruby preferred Experience of enterprise monitoring applications Package Management including RPM creation and RPM deployment using software repositories. This is a role that will offer you the opportunity to create and own a major part of the new infrastructure in place and you will be the sole direct report to the IT Director. If you have team leadership / management experience in Support / IT Management or Networking working with Linux,RedHat,Juniper,Arista,ITIL, Windows Servers and have any of the following qualifications: Linux, RHC level, Networking, Juniper JNCIS, JNCIP, Arista ACE, Windows, MCSE, VMware, VCP, then please email me CV – ASAP. Thanks