Title: Manager  Platform and Web Analytics  London
Webindex: 72300613
Company: MBN Recruitment Solutions Ltd/robin
Description: My client is a household name in the electronics entertainment industry. They are looking for an experienced, talented individual with skills across both web analytics and Business Intelligence/Analysis. The role requires an individual to manage data integration, analysis and reporting on online, mobile, gaming and CRM platforms&**** performance and campaigns. The successful candidate will go on to work as a liaison among stakeholders in order to elicit, analyze, communicate and validate requirements for changes to analytics and leads indepth analysis to uncover drivers of user behaviour and campaign effectiveness. Key accountabilities will include: Campaign and Investment analysis for online advertising, website, social media, etc Calculate multichannel marketing ROI, campaign effectiveness, measuring a number of KPIs Develop core insights from data, create and execute tests that drive fundamental improvements to the site experience. Conduct online customer behaviour analysis, such as user response, web site conversions, feature usage, social engagement, virality and attrition rates. Track user behaviour and arrive at finding key consumer behaviour insights. Create dashboards by pulling data from different sources and websites for presentation. Develop A/B and multivariate tests to drive platform and campaign improvements. Technical Experience Required: &nbspExperience in working with standard clickstream analysis tools such as Omniture, WebTrends, CoreMetrics, and Google Analytics. &nbspSound knowledge in Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau, Business Objects, MicroStrategy and Cognos. &nbspExperience in SEM/SEO strategies and measurement of success in SEM/PPC and SEO campaigns/efforts. &nbspExperience with loyalty programs. &nbspAdvanced quantitative and statistical analysis skills. (SPSS knowledge desirable) &nbsp Personal Qualities: &bull Exposure to project management skills, business process redesign principles, tools and techniques an advantage. PLEASE APPLY NOW