Title: Technical Salesforce Consultant
Webindex: 72243478
Company: Huntress Group
Description: Technical Salesforce Consultant My client is a leading cloud solutions practice within theUKarm of a Big Four Consultancy. They are an established Consultancy that provide pioneering implementation and consultancy services for high profile, global clients. Whilst a large organisation, this particular practice still has the dynamism and agility to push through decisions in all divisions quickly and efficiently, they also benefit from having the accountability and structure that is needed to operate effectively and harmoniously. They are one of the fastest growing cloud practices of this kind in the world currently, and have ambitious plans to expand further. The strategy they have in place will allow the company to scale up in line with the business they currently have, but also takes into consideration the growth needed in their client portfolio to facilitate European and global expansion. As such, they require an experienced Technical SFDC Consultant to join their Delivery team that is an expert in the SFDC product suite. The ideal candidate will be from a technical SFDC background with extensive CRM experience. Skills/Experience required A proven track record in delivering SFDC and other CRM implementations. A proven track record in solution delivery to both corporate and large enterprise clients. Minimum of two years SFDC delivery experience as a technical Consultant. A background of handson experience with other CRM systems is also highly desirable. Two years experience of developing using Apex and Visualforce. Excellent experience of Integration and Migration work using tools such as informatica, Talend or Cast Iron. An Object Oriented Development background using Java etc is highly desirable. 1 years minimum Experience of working in a Core consultancy or tech company running workshops with clients/stakeholders and working on multiple streams. This is an excellent opportunity to be involved with one of the most prominent and cutting edge Salesforce practices in the world currently. They have employees of the highest quality working in their Salesforce and Cloud practice globally. Remuneration Salary: Flexible in correlation with experience Excellent Bonus and Benefits package Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalSalesforceConsultant_job****