Title: SAP SRM consultant  Permanent  West Sussex
Webindex: 71471255
Company: Harrington Boyd
Description: SAP SRM consultants needed for a leading global company to be based at their West Sussex offices SAP SRM functional consultant will be responsible for delivering Live Service support, enhancements and project work relating to the existing SAP SRM solution. Based on client site in West Sussex, the successful SAP SRM consultant must be eligible to work in the UK. This is a challenging and multifaceted role that requires the most current functional knowledge of the SAP SRM solutions as well as excellent client facing skills. The SAP SRM consultant will have the opportunity work within a team to coordinate and deliver Maintenance releases (defect fixes), Incident resolution (rootcause analysis, problem statements), Enhancement releases (change requests), and End to end solutions for new and existing projects (impacts, blueprints, functional specifications, build and test management, etc). The successful SAP SRM consultant will have: At least **** full project life cycle (SRM ****), proven system support experience of SAP SRM/MM, experience of SAP SRM upgrade project, and knowledge of Procurement Process including Government Procurement requirements and integration touchpoints to other SAP modules. The skills required are: SAP SRM (Supplier Relationship Manager) ? Key Skills  SRM MDM Procurement Catalogue  MDM Console  MDM Import Manager  MDM Data Manager  SAP SRM Server Configuration  BackEnd Integration  Organisational Plan  Workflow  Connection to Catalogs  SelfService Procurement SAP ERP MM  Desirable but not essential  Materials management  MM  Purchasing  MM ? Inventory Management  MM ? Logistics Invoice Verification  MM ? Physical Inventory  MM ? Material Master  SAP Generic Skills  Desirable but not essential  Experience of SAP Enterprise Portal  Experience of SAP BI Standard Content  SAP Roles and Authorisation concept  SAP Transport Management If this role is of interest and you would like to hear more details, please contact Jack CurranPersell at Harrington Boyd [contact details removed]