Title: Electronics / Software Engineer
Webindex: 71566121
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing Limited
Description: Electronics / Software Engineer  Applied Science Group This World Class Business is a multidisciplinary team of scientists and engineers. They develop leadingedge technologies and products based on them. The work includes development of micromechanical, piezoelectronic, fluidic and optical devices for markets ranging from healthcare to consumer products. They are seeking a bright, enthusiastic, handson electronics and software specialist having excellent physics or engineering skills and both an aptitude and interest in commercial development to join the team. The successful candidate will have strong academic credentials, an intuitive grasp of fundamental scientific principles, and demonstrable drive and commitment. The Role Applying skills to create innovative and effective solutions to realworld problems, working on and leading demanding technology and product development projects. Developing optimised electronics solutions for novel sensor, actuator, and printing technologies. Developing embedded and applicationlevel software for product prototypes, test systems and the control of laboratory equipment. Contributing to and leading client communication and management. Taking responsibility for best in class project delivery. Qualifications A 1st or 2.1 degree in science or engineering with a PhD from a leading university. Broad electronics and software experience including practical analogue and digital hardware design, development and analysis skills together with embedded and applicationlevel software development. Proficiency in some or all of: C, C/C++, assembler; Altium Designer, VHDL, Altera Quartus, Spice simulation. Excellent oral and written communication, presentation, and team skills. Project management and commercial experience an advantage. Rewards Participating in a fast moving, world class business, with the opportunity to make a visible contribution to the success and growth of the business. Competitive salary and benefits. Professional development opportunities across a range of technical, business, and leadership roles. In the first instance please contact Gary Whitfield on **** **** **** or email Gary.Whitfieldadvantageresourcing.com for further details of this exciting position. Please note: your details and CV will be treated in the strictest of confidence Legal Information: Advantage Technical Resourcing. Services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temp work. With over 40 years of specialist experience, Advantage Technical Resourcing is the recruiter of choice for IT and Engineering professionals across EMEA. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Please visit our website to find out more about us. Advantage Technical Resourcing: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ElectronicsSoftwareEngineer_job****