Title: Senior Frontend Developer (HTML5, CSS3, JScript, Adobe Suite)
Webindex: 71774590
Company: Alexander Ash Consulting Ltd
Description: Senior Fronend Developer (HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, Adobe Suite) ****  ****  Bonus  Benefits London This leading Global Ecommerce Organisation, based in London, is looking for a Senior Front End Developer who is genuinely passionate about what they do. This is a real opportunity for an ambitious individual that is looking to boost their career by joining a top tier company where they will have all the best tools at their disposal and the ongoing support to progress quickly and develop into a key team member and in time, lead developer. The technical focus here initially will be focused on a range of Front End technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (JQuery, JSON, Ajax) as well as some usage of design tools such as Photoshop and Illustrator. The focus will be mulitplatform across multiple web and mobile (iOS, Android, etc.) UIs. This is a very passionate environment where technology is key to the future of the business and keeping them as one of the key players in the industry. Such commitment is visible throughout the team. This is not somewhere where you just get your head down and keep half an eye on the clock but somewhere that challenges you every day and makes you want to get up in the morning, however cold it is outside. The successful candidate will demonstrate the following handson technical experience: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (JQuery native coding) Ideally usage of newer JavaScript frameworks such as Underscore.JS, Knockout.JS Backbone.JS Iinteraction with APIs and integration (Google, Facebook, Twitter) Photoshop, Illustrator, wireframes, functional prototypes, etc. Agile orientated development (SCRUM, TDD, Continuous Integration, etc.) A strong understanding of challenges specific to Ecommerce and ideally relevant industry experience A genuine passion for technology and a desire to pick up new skills wherever possible An analytical approach to problem solving Strong communication and clientfacing skills are essential If you would like to explore this opportunity further please contact Tom Johnston with your CV attached.