Title: Web Developer  OO PHP, MySQL, CSS, JavaScript
Webindex: 71188372
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Web Developer  OO PHP, MySQL, CSS, JavaScript London, EC**** Up to **** DOE Are you a talented web developer with expertise in PHP, MySQL, CSS, JavaScript and JS libraries? Looking for a great opportunity to join a dynamic, innovative and thriving company? If so, look no further. Since **** our client has been developing software that enables customers to get the answers to missioncritical questions quickly and reliably. By capturing feedback and tracking the behaviour of customers, employees and partners, they gain insights that drive better business decisions. They are currently looking for a Web Developer to join their team. As a Web developer, you will be responsible for developing, customising and administering our client's software, focusing on their varied customer needs. With your excellent knowledge of front, as well as back end technologies, you will apply bespoke designs to a CMS and deliver efficient, high quality coding. You will be tasked with liaising with customers and answering their queries related to software whilst delivering high quality and functional solutions on time and to brief. Working as part of a dynamic team, you will ensure departmental standards are achieved and provide support to other departments within the company. Interested? To be considered, you must have:  At least two years' experience as a web developer  Experience of developing with object oriented PHP, MySQL, CSS, JavaScript and JS libraries  A degree in an IT discipline Additionally, as a Web Developer you must possess strong interpersonal skills and attention to detail. An innovative approach to problem solving and the ability to 'think outside the box' is also key. Although not essential, experience of developing with C would be beneficial. Experience of creating online and/or offline automation tools would also be an advantage, as would experience with jQuery, Smarty, Zend Framework and Photoshop. To apply for the role of Web Developer (OO PHP, MySQL, CSS, JavaScript), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Web Developer, OO PHP, MySQL, CSS, JavaScript, Web Programmer, PHP Web Programmer, Application Developer, Developer, Programmer, Web Designer, Front End Programmer, Back End Programmer, Back End Developer, OO Developer, PHP Developer, Java Developer, PHP Programmer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebDeveloperOOPHPMySQLCSSJavaScript_job****