Title: Assembly Technician / ElectroMechanical Fitter
Webindex: 69217993
Company: Professional Technical
Description: Assembly Technician / ElectroMechanical Fitter Tamworth **** per hour  overtime Temporary to Permanent on a 3 month basis Our clients, market leaders within their field, are looking to recruit an Assembly Technician / ElectroMechanical Fitter to join their existing team. The company are within the top 3 in the world and are the only company in the UK to manufacture their bespoke products which are specifically used in the Automotive and Aerospace industries. Role Responsibilities: To undertake the assembly and manufacture of parts and products to the point where they are complete and ready for testing. Improve assembly methods and practices to reduce costs and minimise waste. Improve build quality to minimise nonconformities. Brazing of pipework within refrigeration units. Ensure tidiness, cleanliness and standards of housekeeping in own work area and throughout the workshop. Training of other employees as required. Packaging and dispatching machines as required. Skills and Qualifications: Competence in undertaking general electro mechanical assembly or finishing operations. Brazing of pipework within refrigeration units. Knowledge of pneumatic and wiring installations (PLC's) in accordance with best practice standards. Plastics fabrication or GRP fitting experience would be an advantage. Use of PC and other devices to download / upload PLC / HMI software and data. Be able to test machines to international standards and regulations. Fork truck licence would be an advantage but not necessary. If you feel that you meet the requirements for this great opportunity please apply in the first instance.Professional Technical is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the engineering recruitment market, developing recruitment partnerships with engineering businesses on a national scale. Professional Technical supply the engineering and technical talent so that our clients can focus on the core elements of engineering. Professional Technical is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.