Title: Information Assurance Consultant (CLAS)
Webindex: 68705177
Company: Bluefire Consulting
Description: Position: Information Assurance Consultant Salary: Up to ****K  car allowance  benefits Location: Bristol We are currently recruiting for a CLAS qualified Information Assurance Consultant working for our major client working in the security arena. The role is offering up to ****k per annum plus car allowance and benefits. Objective To support a range of government and public sector clients providing CLAS security architecture advice as well as guidance on security issues associated with interalia Encryption, Remote System Access, Firewalls, Access Control and Internet products in line with current HMG Infosec policy. Responsibilities / Duties  Provide advice and consultancy services to Commercial, Government and Defence customers.  Ensuring that the company's Quality Management System is effectively complied with in the delivery of CLAS Team client assignments.  Ensuring that the company's Management System is effectively complied with in the delivery of CLAS Team client assignments.  Assisting in the formulation and coordination of bids and proposal requirements for the CLAS Team. Qualifications / Experience  CLAS Registered  Educated to Degree level preferably in IT or Science related degree.  Systems/Engineering background working in the field of systems/ software development including security architecture before operating successfully as an IT Security Consultant  Will need knowledge of: Internet Security Trends, Firewall products, Access Control devices, Encryption products and algorithms including PKI.  Should have in depth experience as Secure Systems Architect or designer of Secure Communications and Information Systems.  A proven track record of analysing and understanding the major business processes of an organization focusing particularly on the Information flows within an organization and their associated security implications.  Should have in depth knowledge of the security issues associated with existing, current and emerging technologies that are being deployed in secure systems.  Should have the ability to effectively interpret current HMG Infosec policy with pragmatism. Essential Skills  Security Architecture Design and Analysis  Risk Analysis tools and Techniques  System Security Policy production  Information Systems Security Audit and Analysis  Business Continuity and BS****/ISO27001 Audit Processes  Common Criteria and ITSEC Assurance Schemes  Proficient in the effective interpretation of assurance requirements in system design. Desirable Skills Qualities  Diplomatic with strong written and verbal communication skills.  Capable of communicating at all levels with an organisation.  Capable of working in multidiscipline teams but also on own initiative. Benefits A comprehensive package including a competitive salary, car allowance and a flexible benefits package. Security In line with Asylum Immigration Legislation, all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the EU. Documented evidence of eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process. Furthermore, in view of the nature of the work the client is in, all potential employees will undergo stringent reference and identity checks. We will consider looking at candidates who could become CLAS (i.e. not yet carry the Clas badge) but the package would have to reflect capability / certification. Bluefire Consulting are an employment agency working on behalf of our client. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/InformationAssuranceConsultantCLAS_job****