Title: Distributed Support Engineer
Webindex: 71559657
Company: SCC
Description: We are SCC  Specialist Computer Centres , Europe s leading privately owned IT Services organisation . We provide business critical IT support , maintenance and repair services to many of the UK s largest commercial companies and public sector bodies . We continue to expand and now have an exciting career opportunity for a talented and customer focused field based IT Engineer to join our operation in London . Overall Job Purpose: To deliver an effective and efficient customer focused service to all SCC clients, meeting service level agreements and customer expectations. Main Duties of the Job:  Repair and maintain hardware PC s, Laptops, Printers, Epos and associated peripherals  IMAC duties  Deliver and install when required, parts and equipment, in line with contractual agreements.  Provide support to our client base  To assist other Divisions within SCH UK Services as required  Assist other team members as and when required  To communicate effectively with Resource control, the branch OTL and other members of the team  Complete part movements (RMA generation, physical movement etc) as defined by the business process utilising the apprpriate business tools  Achieve targets and objectives as defined by the business.  Utilise appropriate business tools to check and update allocated calls (real time) in a timely manner to achieve required commit times  Must be flexible and willing to work overtime as required.  Understand and adhere to SCH group policies and proceedures  Must be professional and presentable at all times.  Must be willing to understand new technologies and be able to adapt to change  To be familiar with personal Health and Safety as determoned by the SCH group Health and Safety Policy  Communicate with Customer contacts in a proffessional manner Carry out stock checks, PI s etc. as and when required  Comply with local council parking regulations at all times  Company assets to be maintained in acordance with company policy. To maintain Company Vehicles and their records  To conform to any company attendance processes.  Any other duties assigned by your Manager. Skills Knoweledge and experience:  Applicants may be requested to utilise company vehicles in order to carry out their duties so a full driving licence will be required  The candidate should hold a current professional hardware qualification or be able to show experience to the same level with a view to acquiring a qualification  Basic experience of working in a proffessional IT environment is essential, working with Desktops, Laptops, Printers, Epos equipment and associated Peripherals  Applicants must have the ability to be able to work to agreed Customer standards  The applicant should have a good standard of english and Mathematics  Applicants will be the face of the company so therefore will possess good customer service skills  Requirement to undergo various security clearance processes. Interested ? Then click the response button now