Title: Junior Java Developer, Greenfield Investment Bank
Webindex: 68360187
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Truly rare chance to sit amongst Traders whilst working on a completely Greenfield project Tier **** Investment Bank requires JUNIOR Java or C Developer urgently. If you have graduated within the last 3 years and have at least some commercial experience with Java then this is your perfect opportunity to get your foot in the door with the financial world. They are a Top 5 Investment Bank with Centuries of history and are leading the market in terms of technical innovation with their cutting edge financial technology. For this reason, only the strongest of Junior Developers to join their reputable team. The team is LITERALLY sat amongst the traders, working on a completely Greenfield project as the systems they are building are brand new. You'll get the chance to get exposure to many different technologies including Scala/Python whilst learning from and working alongside some of the City's strongest developers (many who can be found in the top ranks of Stack Overflow). Required: Strong Academic Background (Oxford, Cambridge, Wroclaw, Harvard, Imperial, Warwick etc) from a CS or Mathematical Degree Experience working with Java OR C You must be strong technically e.g. know how to discuss your current experience with technology thoroughly. For this reason, those with evidence to prove they can do this e.g. contributions to Open Source, Active Contributor to Forums, Hobby Projects etc will do well here. If you are embarking on your career in Software Development, this is literally the role that will solidify your success for the future and propel you in your career. Your base salary will be higher than the market rate and your total remuneration will be enhanced by hefty quarterly bonuses. Get in touch if you feel that you are a highly talented Java Developer with a few years of commercial experience and a strong academic record to match. For more information surrounding this and other similar roles please call Mindy on **** **** **** or email mjhakra [at] astoncarter.co.uk . Other Tech: C++, Scala, Python, Perl, Algorithms, Clojure, Erlang, Google Guice, high performance caching, Big Data, Grids and Distributed systems, Haskell, Bash. Java, C, .Net, HTML, Javascript, C++, Greenfield, Developer, London, Bank, Investment Bank, Cache, caching, Algo, Algorithmic, Grid, Google Juice, Scala, Unix, Linux, Perl, Python, Open Source, Multithreading, Dependency Injection, Hedge Fund, Software, Software House. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JuniorJavaDeveloperGreenfieldInvestmentBank_job****