Title: Build Engineer / Developer Operations  London
Webindex: 69687169
Company: Computer People  Limited
Description: Build Engineer / Developer Operations  Microsoft  Central London ****k Recognised internationally as a leading software house our client seeks a Development Operations Build Engineer. Developer Operations DevOps is a new team with a focus on supporting faster, more frequent and more robust deployments of our product. This team has inroads to Development, QA and IT Operations and owns the Release Management function. We are looking for an enthusiastic and wellrounded Build Engineer, perhaps from a Development background. Projects are likely to be focused and use a continuous improvement methodology with the aim of bringing efficiencies to the Technology team. Role  To manage the build process, including version control  To enable automated workflow and product deployment and rollback  To enable automated testing prior to release to meet defined quality gates  To enable infrastructure management in a cloud environment  To implement best practice methods, tools and environments  To provide reporting, monitoring and status information Responsibilities  Champions continuous improvement and ensures alignment across teams. Maintains and communicates improvement plans.  Source code management and backup  Software build, build deployment tools, build environments  Maintains a bestpractice build and configuration strategy, ensures it is followed  Manages configuration quality gates and workflow including user accounts and permissions  Ensures configuration changes are controlled, tracked and logged  Point of authority on configuration throughout product lifecycle, including development, test, preproduction and production builds and rollback configurations  Manages forward and backward change  Act as a gatekeeper for software release  Working with geographically dispersed teams  Aligns with delivery and service frameworks, standards and needs.  Monitoring, reporting and problem resolution  Shares industry best practices, innovations and emerging trend. Attributes  Essential: Experience of implementing build and configuration tools, automation and workflow  Essential: Handson experience of build and configuration  Essential: Thorough understanding of continuous build, automated testing, reporting and quality metrics associated with product development  Essential: Detailed knowledge of full product development lifecycle (especially within an agile Scrum environment)  Essential: Experience managing a multitiered, highly available cloudbased environment  Essential: Experience of change management.  Desirable: Powershell scripting  Desirable: Knowledge of MS SQL  Desirable: Experience of TFS  Desirable: Exposure to New Relic monitoring.  Desirable: Exposure to Jenkins/Hudson.  Desirable: Ability to write build scripts, configure build and deployment tools (and monitoring) Desirable: Moving physical infrastructure to cloud based infrastructure.  Desirable: Understanding of infrastructure as code.  Desirable: Experience of one or more of the following would be a bonus: MSBuild, SQL, VSS, Windows Script Hosting, IIS, MSQ, DTC, C, MVC, WCF.  Expected: Excellent communication and presentation skills  Expected: ability to prioritise workload and communicate this prioritisation  Expected: Ability to direct and enforce configuration management policies  Expected: High attention to detail  Expected: A commitment to quality and a thorough approach to the work  Expected: Ability to work well within a team  Expected: Flexible attitude, ability to perform under pressure  Expected: Ability to work with developers and QA team members This is a great opportunity to join a leading and highly respected company based in central London, looking to interview ASAP