Title: Functional Support Analyst  Oracle Financials
Webindex: 72599892
Company: DHL
Description: We are offering the chance for you to join us as a Functional Support Analyst in our Supply Chain division based at our site in Bedford, Bedfordshire.Your role will be to ensure continued support of the Oracle Financials and supporting technologies in line with agreed service requirements, to provide 1st, 2ndand 3rdline support for all Oracle and Oracle supporting technology calls and support system changes in response to user requests.You will also manage the Customer's expectations with calls and requests, ensure all housekeeping duties are completed concisely and timely and deal with support change requests logged by Oracle as part of the Finance Systems Functional Support team. You will undertake daily administration of Oracle Financials inbound and outbound system interfaces and file uploads/downloads in adherence to timeframes and control processes and provide analysis of information from the system in response to user requests. You will also provide support for changes to the Oracle system (projects, small developments etc) and assist with other departmental activities as required in order to maintain the required levels of service to system users. The Support rota requires some flexibility over working hours in order to maintain weekday cover between ****:00 and ****:00 Monday to Friday.At DHL, people mean the world to us. We aim to attract and retain the best talents. We provide challenge and opportunity for personal and professional development. We make sure that you know what a difference you make to our business and how you can be proud of building THE logistics company for the world.Under the DHL Supply Chain umbrella, one of the business units of DHL, our mission is to provide customized logistics and industry solutions in the areas of supply chain management, warehousing, distribution, value added services, and lead logistics provider services for our customers – helping them deliver better results everyday.What are you accountable for achieving?  Receive customer (DHL Oracle Users) problem/request/issues and ensure proper documentation.  Performs initial level of problem identification and resolve where appropriate; otherwise, documents all troubleshooting efforts in problem ticket and makes prompt notification to responsible party for resolution to resolve customer issues.  Assists with monitoring and tracking incidents to ensure resolution occurs within the Service Level Agreements.  Performs incident notification and escalation to ensure problems/request/issues are communicated effectively and receiving proper management attention.  Performs follow up on all incidents with customer to ensure customer satisfaction.  Receives and actions Oracle Financials User change requests in line with current desktop processes and agreedSLA's.  Receives and actions requests for change to Oracle Financials chart of accounts in line with current desktop processes agreed SLA's.  Perform housekeeping tasks on IT systems in line with desktop processes.  Perform critical period end and external interface processing tasks in line with current desktop processes agreedSLA's.  Develops and maintains knowledge of customer and customer specific business environment. Develops and maintains an understanding of customer Service Level Agreements.  Ensures that correct resolutions are found and involves appropriate areas in resolving problems when needed  Develops and maintains product knowledge, business and professional skills by participating in onthejob training and classroom training  Shares information required for the team to be successful  Demonstrates understanding of the customer's business needs and is able to achieve and maintain high customer satisfaction ratings  Develops and maintains knowledge of Incident Management Tools, Knowledge Management tools and of the service desk's procedures and business environment  Seeks opportunities to improve knowledge, skills, and performance and is receptive to constructive feedback  Support the collaboration with the DSC EMEA Oracle Users and Finance Teams. What will you need as a successful Functional Support Analyst?  Oracle Financials Experience is NOT Essential  However, having similar experience with support for a system is Essential.  Excellent customer service and communication skills  Good relationship management skills and cultural awareness.  Good problem solving skills  Experience of working in a support desk environment  Good organisational skills  Able to meet tight deadlines and work under pressure  A high level of computer skills with an understanding of spreadsheets and databases  Previous experience in a Customer Support role What will you get in return? In addition to the excellent opportunities for progression, our package includes 25 days holiday, defined contribution pension scheme and access to discounts with major high street retailers.If this sounds like a role for you, please click the apply button. Here at DHL we are an equal opportunities employer: all together different, all together successful. How to Apply: Please go to , click on Job Search, click on Job World Europe, and search for position UK  ****