Title: IT Support / IT Systems Support / Support Technician
Webindex: 71685976
Company: TEKsystems
Description: Our major Blue Chip client is looking for an IT Support / Systems Support / IT Technician Engineer to be based onsite in Berkshire. The ideal Systems Support / IT Support / IT Technician Engineer will possess proven experience within the following areas: Hardware and Software Technical Issues Linux/Unix system support and ability to write simple scripts in some administrative language. Active Directory and Windows Server administration; Windows Vista and XP System Support. A broad understanding of networking technologies both wired and wireless. Troubleshooting of Cisco switches and data cabling knowledge. A good understanding of VoIP technologies Apple Mac experience is desirable The chosen Systems Support / IT Support / IT Technician Engineer will possess strong communication and customer service skills. This is a fantastic opportunity to join one of the World s largest and profitable organisations who are renowned for developing careers. Please get in touch at your earliest opportunity to set up an immediate interview; nfenningsteksystems. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.