Title: DIGITAL MANAGEMENT CONSULTANT  LONDON  ****K  PACKAGE
Webindex: 68496547
Company: Salt
Description: DIGITAL MANAGEMENT CONSULTANT  LONDON  ****K  PACKAGE My client is a global leading technology, consulting and outsourcing firm. They focus on business needs from technology to mergers and acquisitions across all sectors. They are looking for a Digital Management Consultant with experience developing and selling multichannel and eCRM propositions to the Consumer Products and Financial Services sectors; building a team to deliver major accounts. The key factors here are that the Digital Management Consultant understands the way to design and build a digital business. Someone that can strategise and consult on digital perhaps with an understanding of the Legacy architecture and how they can connect. Daily Activities for the Digital Management Consultant; You would understand the clients business, their customer strategy segmentation and their digital marketing strategy You would have a deep understanding of customer insight, customer segmentation personas, digital marketing, campaign management, execution monitoring You would understand the capability in the market, the complexity and effort required to deliver solutions and identify what will best meet your client's requirements in the time and budget they have. You would run workshops to develop customer personas and segments, digital marketing campaign strategy, potential solutions and deliver detailed requirements You would bring both analytical excellence as well as a strong understanding of how to work with creative marketers agencies You would generate key ideas and conceptual frameworks to help solve problems and drive out insightful factbased findings and recommendations  either on a client project, as part of a sales bid or thought leadership You would be pioneering and innovative in everything you do from delivering reports, engaging with the client and working in teams. You would be strong in project management, budgeting, stakeholder management and issue resolution. You would be collaborative in style, empathetic in nature, confident in content and focussed on outcomes at all levels in the client organisation You would be a high calibre individual who has and will make substantial changes in how companies operate in the digital marketing area. Requirements for the Digital Management Consultant Educated to degree level or equivalent; postgraduate qualification (eg MBA/CIM qualifications) is advantageous Deep content experience of working within one or more of the Financial, Consumer Products Retail, Government or Health (eg Patient Experience projects) sectors, substantiated by experience with **** FTSE 100/**** or equivalent sized/Public sector organisations. Coherent understanding of Digital Marketing within an organisation eg: Customer insight analytics (including segmentation and web analytics) and Customer loyalty Understanding and management of brand values, needs and requirements in the digital world Digital marketing campaign creation measurement Managing creative agencies Multichannel integration Familiarity and history with digital marketing insight solutions  customer interaction (website capability like Drupal; Tridian; Ruby), Ecommerce (ATG; hybris;WCS) personalisation (Endeca, Baynote;) Social Networking (facebook, Twitter); customer and campaign management (Salesforce; Eloqua; Unica; Radian ****; Attensity; Aprimo); Analytics (Omniture, SAS, Coremetrics) Experience in leading the development of digital marketing campaigns solutions  branded sites; campaigns; managing creative agencies and digital development Familiar with agile development and onshore and offshore teams Flexibility and versatility to adapt skills/behaviours/attitude to work across sectors and areas that are not core in order to meet our clients' needs You will be provided with intense professional development and as much stretch as you need to put your skills into action, learn and progress. In particular you will have the opportunity for: Acceleration: The opportunity to accelerate your career through intellectual challenge, specialist training and responsibility. Collaboration: The opportunity to work as part of a high performing, supportive and collegial team that values close collaboration with clients. Satisfaction: Swiftly add value and make a real difference to the companies you work with. Exposure: the chance to work with some of the most admired organisations across a range of industries and locations. Innovation: to work within a company that values innovation and encourages entrepreneurial spirit. To apply for the Digital Management Consultant Role please click the 'Apply' button, alternatively please send your CV or call.