Title: Systems Engineer / System Support Analyst London **** , ****
Webindex: 71685322
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: Market Data Systems Engineer (Bloomberg, Reuters, Linux Windows Servers, Cisco) London A leading trading company is seeking an IT Application Support Analyst with solid network, security and voice systems skills to provide robust support and administration for their market data delivery systems. The successful candidate will install, configure, support and maintain the Bloomberg and Reuters Market Data Systems. In addition, providing support for Linux and Windows based servers, network and voice systems will be a formative part of this role. You will provide support in line with predetermined service levels to users on the trading floor, and within general offices and remote sites. Where necessary you will liaise with the IT operations team to discover root cause and rectify problems. This role will require occasional support to be provided outside of normal working hours. To be considered for this role you require the following: Experience supporting Bloomberg Reuters market data delivery systems Working with communication channels such as ADSL, ISDN leased lines Support of both Linux Windows based server environments Good understanding of Cisco network equipment Experience with LAN security, Cisco Call Manager (CCM) and BT ITS Trading platforms would strongly support your application. Working with programme managers and TDAs, the jobholder will keep abreast of technological developments and investigate solutions to provide a more efficient and effective service to the business. They will ensure capacity management is undertaken and will plan and coordinate the implementation of upgrades as required. This is a permanent opportunity and the client will consider candidates with basic salary expectations between **** per annum plus substantial bonus opportunities and benefits. To apply for this position please send a WORD copy of your CV including reference: ASH****HWN in the subject line of your email. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies.