Title: Principal Digital IC Design Engineer
Webindex: 69892434
Description: Company augmentation has made way for a Principal Digital IC Design Engineer to join a world leader in high speed semiconductor solutions situated in Northampton. The companies focus is to design and develop highaccuracy and performance chips for computing environments for the next generation of their client s communications infrastructure. A great company that is part of a group with the sisters sites in the California and Singapore. An exciting new role that will develop into a management position with the tasks of hiring and managing a team of up to **** engineers. The Role The successful Principal Digital IC Design Engineer will join company on a permanent basis and work in a team of 10 made up of Analogue and Digital IC industry experts. You ll be working on the design and development of highspeed circuits. You ll work on the initial architecture definition to implementation on multiple projects. The future prospects for this position are for it to develop into taking a technical lead/management role. Technical leadership or team management experience would be highly desirable. You As the selected Principal Digital IC Design Engineer you ll be degree qualified and have over 5 years commercial experience with hands on knowledge of high speed circuit design. You ll be able to motivate yourself and a team to help drive performance in a highly innovative arena. You ll have practical and hands on expertise in high speed circuit design, cadence design flow, clock and data recovery, analogue IC circuits and knowledge of the semiconductor industry s best practice. As this role in time will grow into a management role the ability to communicate and present at a high level to industry experts in key. International travel will also be expected in for the triumphant engineer. Technical Skills Digital IC Design High Speed Circuit Design Cadence Management/Technical Leadership This is an amazing role with a great company, exciting prospects, with more than competitive salary and benefits. If you are a Principal Digital IC Design Engineer it s a successful career on a global scale you desire apply ASAP If you are interested in the position please forward your CV to t.foxjamrecruitment or call Terry on **** **** **** Interviews will be taking place throughout February t of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself up to **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position