Title: ICT Oracle Analyst Programmer
Webindex: 68634606
Description: Our client provides support to a vast amount of customers within the UK. Over 1million customers rely upon our clients services on a day to day basis. Currently due to a new project our client requires an ICT Oracle Analyst Programmer, to join their teams in Glasgow, on a 13 week contract with a day rate offer of up to **** max. The successful candidate will join teams based in Glasgow, working within the matrix management structure as part of the oracle development group; you will be involved in the analysis, design and development of the ICT systems. From previous experience you will be able to; Perform Lead development role providing assistance and guidance to development team Provide technical analysis and design solutions in an Oracle environment. Produce robust, efficient and reliable code, and undertake unit testing to the highest standard Troubleshoot and resolve problems in all development, test, training and live environments Develop software to provide business solutions from functional specifications Develop and manage the impact of new functionality from work assessments and change requests. Respond to requests from business analysts and system testers Prepare documents for internal and external use to agreed standards Comply with methodology, QA and change management procedures. Prepare for and perform systems implementation You will hold a solid background within Oracle technologies; PL/SQL Performance tuning Relational database design Essential Qualifications, training and experience; A higher education qualification in a computer related discipline or demonstrable sound relevant experience within ICT Proven track record in software developments using one or more development languages in a structured environment. Proven track record in RDBMS development. Excellent presentation and communications skills Sound technical background, preferably including web based systems, using relational databases with data modelling experience Working knowledge of ORACLE RDBMS and Toolkit Solid experience of SQL, PL/SQL development skills (packages, stored procedures, functions) Working knowledge of Oracle developer suite Experienced using TOAD Desired skill set (not essential) Sound design and development experience of in HTML and JavaScript Working knowledge and understanding of Oracle Internet Directory and Single SignOn Solid, recent experience of Oracle Reports and Forms Working knowledge and experience of Oracle Portal Familiarity with Contact Centre Technologies:(IVR, AIC, Corizon) Experience of Oracle Data Warehouse Experience of scanning technologies (Captiva, Documentum) Working knowledge and experience of ProC development with embedded SQL PVCS Web based development tools Content management systems HTML Oracle Internet Directory Oracle SSO Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.