Title: Web Developer (NET / C)
Webindex: 68674668
Company: Parkside Recruitment   Staines
Description: Our client an, international Foreign Exchange Services company, based in central Windsor are looking for a Developer to join their UK software development team. Summary: The successful candidate will become a member of the UK software development team, the development team are responsible for enhancement and support of their Foreign Exchange products built with Visual Studio .NET, C.Net, MS SQL and Oracle. The role is primarily ASP.NET (i.e. web) focussed development. Responsibility: „X Working under the guidance of development lead as part of internal development team „X Writing excellent code, including Unit Tests and participating in peer codereviews „X Follow copanies programming standards and best practices „X Implementing new products „X Maintain software written by other developers Required Technical Skills/Experience: At least 5 years commercial experience using .Net and C At least 3 years commercial experience using ASP.Net Object Oriented development HTML, CSS And JavaScript nTier Architectures SQL Server or similar database V proficient at query writing, database design, etc Unit Testing Desirable Technical Skills/Experience: WCF Oracle database JQuery AJAX Agile development (SCRUM, etc) Working knowledge of MVC patterns and framework Required Competencies: Enthusiastic, passionate and quick learner Strong, proactive and able to get things done. Able to take ownership and responsibility for quality, including adequate levels of unit and integration testing during the development phase. Able to manage own time successfully, prioritise effectively and meet tight deadlines. Demonstrates a methodical and structured approach to work. Excellent communication skills (both technical and nontechnical). Parkside Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Parkside Recruitment is an Equal Opportunities Employer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebDeveloperNETC%****_job****