Title: Project Planner/Scheduler  MS Project
Webindex: 55409714
Company: Executive Recruitment Services
Description: Project Planner/Scheduler  MS Project Bedfordshire A world renowned Defence Sector Engineering organisation are currently seeking a Project Planner/Scheduler at their site in Bedfordshire. Project Planner/Scheduler  MS Project Responsibilities   Develop the programme Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) and detail supporting schedules. Facilitate schedule development meetings with programme team members.  Develop cohesive and logical programme schedules suitable for planning, prioritising and monitoring the team's workload and for establishing the schedule baseline.  Maintain current status of the IMS and supporting schedules on a weekly basis by validating status provided by leads.  Maintaining configuration control of the schedule baseline.  Ensure monthly update and issue of schedules to team members and customers using Earned Value Management (EVM) techniques.  Maintain development, documentation, execution, audit and improvement of the programme's scheduling process.  Analyse schedule performance for early warning signs of impending problems. Present and participate in schedule reviews.  Project planning and scheduling of the programme IMS.  Develops schedules, records and validates performance status, analyses performance to the schedule and reports progress and impacts of project schedules to management.  Assesses project issues and develops resolutions to meet productivity, quality, and client satisfaction goals and objectives.  Maintains the Earned Value Management System for schedule Project Planner/Scheduler  MS Project Required Skills   Excellent working knowledge of and experience in MS Project [contact details removed]  Ability to apply sound logic when translating information into a logical sequence of events (planning), which require fully linked dependencies.  Be experienced in the development, maintenance and control of Integrated Master Schedules (IMS) and Critical Path Method (CPM) and complex eventdriven network  Earned Value Management System (EVMS) to include the Work Breakdown Structure, Organisational Breakdown Structure (OBS), Responsibility Assignment Matrix (RAM), work package structure, Performance Measurement Baseline (PMB) and PMB Change Control.  Experience planning and scheduling in MoD or Defence related programmes and be able to understand and work with a technical and skilldiverse team. Send your full CV