Title: Senior Solutions Network Architect
Webindex: 71594269
Company: Cooper Burns Limited
Description: Senior Solutions Network Architect  Permanent  London An opportunity has arisen for a Senior Network Architect to join a Global organisation who are the leading source of intelligent information for the world's businesses and professionals. Essential DayToDay Responsibilities  Maintain sufficient familiarity with the business and associated application/systems requirements  Responsible for the technical review/approval of network/system level changes and provide input to plans/activities for changes to live systems  Resolve service impacting technical issues in a timely manner  Maintain great knowledge of the implemented technologies and products  Provide project implementation support during business and occasionally off business hours  Create and update design and associated technical reference documentation  Provide input to the manager of the Architecture team to define/refine practices to meet team's objectives  Act as lead architect/engineer for specific projects/implementations (who may or may not have direct staff management)  Provide a point of contact for the Service and Release Management functions regarding all technical issues.  To work with the Service and Release Management functions to determine courses of action for specific deliverables. Ideal candidate will have the following skills/experience:  Bachelor of Science Degree with Class 2 Division **** (or equivalent/), preferably in Computing or an Engineering discipline  Strong experience working in Information Technology  Been hands on in financial services Networking/IT within the last 5 years.  Good understanding of Low Latency architectures, networks and systems/server technologies  Thorough understanding of networking vendors and LAN/WAN solutions (Cisco and/or Juniper  switching, routing, Firewall/security)  Expert knowledge of routingprotocols OSPF (or ISIS) and BGP.  Expert knowledge of LAN and WAN architecture.  Good knowledge of Messaging systems and architectures  Good knowledge of Monitoring technologies and solutions  Experience of design/implementation and/or operation/maintenance of ****G (or higher) bandwidth LANs  Knowledge of Linux and Windows operating systems  Knowledge of System virtualisation products  Knowledge of Relational Databases  Knowledge of Network Storage  Experience with Network Design/Implementation/maintenance for Market Data Distribution Systems, Trading Systems (either customer proprietary or 3rd party products) and/or Direct Exchange feeds (eg from NASDAQ, LSE, NYSE, Deutsch Borse, etc.)  Experience working with vendors offering Hosting Services to Financial Services (eg Equinix, InterXion, Savvis, Colt, BT GFS, etc.)  Experience working with major NSPs (eg BT, AT T, NTT, etc.) Please submit CV for immediate review.