Title: Information Systems Officer
Webindex: 69021221
Company: Key Employment
Description: INTRODUCTION: This post is working for a top University in London, assisting with medical research. Responsible to the Information Systems Manager the Information Systems (IS) Officer will be involved in the development of a range of core IS systems, in particular the provision of databases to support the management of studies by the coordinating centre. In addition the post holder will work with the existing IS officer with other duties including website content management and MS SharePoint development. He/she will also support the local IT environment within the coordinating centre. Writing technical specifications for systems and requirements gathering together with staff training in IT applications will be important aspects of the role. DURATION: This post is initialy for a 6month period but may be renewed. DUTIES TO INCLUDE Database Development The post holder will be responsible for the ongoing development of MS Access ****/2010 databases, with the emphasis on the design and management of database systems for the study management teams. Reviewing existing IS arrangements, evaluating potential options and implementing a long term technical solution Ensuring that adequate security processes are in place to maintain data integrity, security etc. and that appropriate backup measures are incorporated and that data are archived effectively. Ensuring that full documentation for each database is supplied. Conversion of raw data from the backend to reports for analysis. The IS Officer will take a lead role in the training and support of end users of the database systems, this will involve one to one and team teaching and identifying gaps in knowledge Web Development Working with the existing IS Officer to manage content and development of the Diabetes Research Network web site, ensuring that they conform to standards set IT support and Communication Provide daytoday support to the coordinating centre staff and act as Service Desk Liaison, escalating issues to the IT Service Desk where necessary Troubleshooting, advice and ad hoc training on IS related issues Writing, maintaining and updating standard operating procedures for handling the computing aspects of all research study and DRN projects Writing, maintaining and updating guides for end users and full technical specifications for the IS team To provide training to staff in data entry and data validation and in the utilisation of databases for study administration purposes. Planning To organise and prioritise own work activities in conjunction with the activities of the other members of the IS team to ensure that procedures are completed in a timely manner. To manage change request systems and the change requests for ongoing development work to study databases and guide study teams in setting timescales and priorities. Planning and project management of system builds from requirements gathering through to system roll out and user acceptance testing. REQUIREMENTS: Relevant academic qualification or experience A releavent Degree Experience of relational database design Experience of writing SQL queries Experience of programming in Microsoft Access (VBA) Experience of MS Office at advanced level HTML/CSS web development Experience of user training in MS office applications Ability to communicate effectively with a wide range of professionals, with varying IT skills Proven ability to work as a flexible team member who can also work independently Ability to respond positively to pressure with a focus on delivering the required outputs Please note that due to the large number of applications we received, we are not able to reply to everyone. If you do not hear back from us within 1week of your application then unfortunately you have not been successful on this occasion but we thank you for applying and wish you all the best in your search