Title: Business Analyst  Global PLC
Webindex: 70770634
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Business Analyst  Global PLC An exciting position has been created for a Business Analyst who wants to work in a large Ecommerce and online product environment and can demonstrate a track record of success. You would be working for the leading provider of holidays and services within the UK who have been successfully trading for the best part of 50 years. Building upon their loyalties and their ethos of ongoing commitment to trust, quality, dependability and value is the foundation upon which they built the business. Being a major player within the Travel market they remain focused on understanding and responding to the changing demands. Part of a larger Global institute you will thrive in a supportive and teamfocused environment where everyone pulls together. Your role as a Business Analyst will be to produce and maintain business and systems analysis documentation for existing and new applications and business developments. Your key areas of influence will be: Analysis and Solution Definition Project Execution Management The chosen BA will need knowledge in the following areas: Proven experience working as a Business Analyst or Business Systems Analyst within an IT based project team. ISEB BA qualifications preferred. Proven experience in Business Analysis techniques within a structured project management environment. Ability to work independently as well as within a team. Ability to actively engage with a variety of stakeholders to achieve the required results. Ability to follow through with commitments and build mutual trust with colleagues. Strong time management skills with the ability to multitask and meet tight deadlines under pressure. Ability to present solutions to all levels of stakeholders; both technical and nontechnical. Positive attitude to change and the ability to respond to changing priorities. This is an exciting opportunity to make a difference within a global organisation where your opinion and actions count. For more information send your CV through today