Title: Sales EngineerTechical PreSales Consultant
Webindex: 68346356
Company: Bridgewater Resourcing Solutions Ltd
Description: Sales Engineer/Analyst Programmer Central London SaaS Sector ****k, plus benefit and bonus package Total salary package circa **** per annum. Our client is a recognised market leader in On Demand, integrated Front office software for the staffing and recruitment industry. Throughout the recruitment industry, their software solutions are utilised worldwide, by a wide range of staffing and recruitment firms  from emerging new businesses to large, global, multi sector recruitment organisations. The Sales Engineer will be responsible for all technical aspects of the sales cycle by determining customers requirements and addressing technical challenges to ensure a smooth and efficient implementation process. The Sales Engineer must have excellent communication skills, strong sales ability, technical expertise, and the ability to work well within a team and independently. The Sales Engineer must also be able to communicate complicated technical material clearly and effectively. Responsibilities:  Gather, assess and create clients technical specifications and requirements.  Provide internal and external assistance during the Sales process.  Analyze prospect data sources  Customize and configure internal CRM systems, including code customization  Create sales and prospect reporting  Provide assistance in the development of client relationships.  Partner with the Implementation team to build Statement of Work and Implementation plan.  Provide consistent and effective communication to Development and Implementation teams  Provide technical sales support for all Prospects and Partners  Manage and deliver product demonstrations to prospective clients.  Address customers questions in a comprehensive manner to ensure customer satisfaction  Manage the RFP process  Develop proof of concept  Support the close of all UK and EMEA sales opportunities  Improve and maintain demo systems Required Skills and Experience:  Bachelor s degree required. A degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or related field preferred.  2 years or more of professional experience in a Sales Engineering, Presales or Technical client facing role.  Must be able to present both technical and nontechnical topics to individuals at all levels of an organisation.  Experience within the Staffing and Recruiting industry is preferred.  Must have a demonstrated track record of sales achievement, technical competence and customer satisfaction.  Must have exceptionally strong technical troubleshooting and problemsolving skills.  Must have prior experience and demonstrated proficiency with relational databases. MS SQL experience highly preferred.  Technical reporting experience preferred.  Software Development and Programming Experience required With one or more of the following skillsets highly preferred: o Java Servlets/JSP o .NET o Javascript (jQuery, prototype etc) o MySQL o SOAP and REST APIs o SVN o Netbeans/Eclipse o JasperSoft o Cloudbees  Understand the principle of Object Oriented Design  Experience working with webbased, Software as a Service (SaaS) applications preferred.  Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Must have the ability to work efficiently in a fast paced, deadline driven environment.  Must have prior experience building technical Proof of Concepts.  Must have the ability/flexibility to travel up to 25% of the time.  Ability to speak additional European languages preferred but not required. For further information on this role, please email your cv to sncbridgewaterrs.com, or contact Sue Cummings on **** **** for a confidential discussion.