Title: Senior Modelling Risk Strategy Analysts  Leeds
Webindex: 71227026
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Job Title: Senior Analysts ? Commercial Banking ? Analytics & Modelling ? SAS Location: Leeds or Sheffield Salary: to ****  bonus & benefits The Commercial Banking Senior Analyst role is based within Risk Analytics team. The role of the Commercial Banking Senior Analyst is to develop and maintain risk models for the CMB scored lending portfolio, including acquisition scorecards, behaviour scoring, Basel models and cutoff setting methodologies. The role will also will involve the maintenance of the strategies that sit behind the banks acquisition and account management systems. The jobholder will be working both individually and by guiding / coaching analysts to enable a successful delivery, on budget, on time and with clear business / financial benefits. In addition, as a senior member of the team will take full ownership of some of the most complex analytics projects by managing stakeholder communication, designing the approach and guiding subordinate resource to a successful delivery. Your responsibilities will include: ? Developing risk models for account opening and account management strategies and ensure that these are utilised appropriately to maximise returns. ? Developing Basel models to ensure that we are fulfilling regulatory requirements . ? Monitoring portfolio models, providing insight into the model?s performance and working with stakeholders to recommend and action remediating actions where necessary. ? Developing project plan and manage own projects. ? Liaising with key business stakeholders, understand the requirements and recommend appropriate analysis to drive projects to successful completion. ? Accurately analysing trends, financial data and company status to make informed decisions regarding complex credit issues. The ideal candidate for this role will have: ? Experience working in relevant environment/s, i.e. Analytics experience in one or more of modelling, strategy design, cutoff / pricing optimisation ? Role relevant qualifications, i.e.Degree educated in numerate discipline ? Past working experience on relevant systems, i.e. excellent knowledge of SAS and SQL ? A flexible and adaptable approach to change and will support others to respond in a similar way ? Achieved targets and met expectations whilst supporting and encouraging others to do the same ? Both spoken and written communication skills with experience of adapting your style and approach to the audience and message to be delivered ? Contributed productively to team objectives, sometimes supporting and sometimes leading activities to achieve shared goals ? Proven experience of successful project management, utilising relevant tools and techniques to ensure consistent delivery Please send your CV to [contact details removed] or call us on [contact details removed] .