Title: IT Support Assistant, Central London
Webindex: 69545956
Company: Doughty Street Chambers
Description: Doughty Street Chambers is a leading civil liberties and human rights set specialising in a wide range of legal expertise. Chambers’ work is of a high quality and often high profile. Applications are invited for the position of IT Support Assistant. Responsibilities of the successful candidate will include repairing and troubleshooting hardware and software faults, installing upgrades as required, restoration of user systems and data, various testing and acting as first point of contact for the majority of day to day helpdesk requests. The role will also include support to the phone system (IP) and operation and fault finding on various AV equipment. We are seeking a dynamic and enthusiastic individual with excellent communication skills, the ability to use their own initiative and work as part of a cohesive facilities team in a pressurised environment. Applicants should have a minimum of 5 GCSE’s at AC Grade (or equivalent), have practical knowledge of both MS and Apple operating systems, including mobile computing and tablets, have a good working knowledge of MS Office and have excellent organization and prioritization skills so as to satisfy as many users needs as possible whilst focusing on business continuity. Previous experience within a legal environment is also an advantage. To apply, please submit your application form, together with the equal opportunities form, as per the instructions. For further information about this vacancy please contact Sarah Earl or Martin Rishton on **** **** **** or s.earldoughtystreet.co.uk or m.rishtondoughtystreet.co.uk . The closing date for receipt of applications is 5pm on 30th January January 2013, and interviews are likely to take place during the week following. Chambers operates an Equal Opportunities Policy, a copy of which is available on request. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITSupportAssistantCentralLondon_job****