Title: Mobile iOS Developer iOS / HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript
Webindex: 72679453
Company: Fruition IT Resources Limited
Description: Mobile iOS Developer iOS / HTML5 / CSS3 / JavaScript Salary up to ****  Excellent benefits Located Cambridge iOS Mobile Development HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Cambridge My client is a leading software organisation based in Cambridge who are currently seeking an iOS Mobile Developer to be a part of a new team working on new exciting Greenfield projects developing a range of mobile applications. Role: The ideal candidate will have a technical background and have mobile development skills on an iOS platform. You will have excellent skills in HTML5, CSS 3 and JavaScript. The role will be developing on an iOS platform although cross training to Android, Windows Phone and/or Blackberry platforms will be expected as the role develops. As well as a proven knowledge of mobile development you will also have a detailed understanding as to how apps communicate with back end services using common web practices such as REST architecture. Skills/experience required: ObjectiveC, Java, C, HTML5, JavaScript, CSS3 Good understanding of the iOS development environment (XCode) to be able to hit the road running. Meticulous attention to detail, accurate and thorough; delivering high quality output to tight deadlines Understand object orientated design principles Able to work under pressure Good customer facing skills Aptitude for problem solving Desire for personal and professional development Creative and forward thinking Responsibilities: Deliver robust iOS native apps (smartphone and tablet) according to customer requirements. Actively research new trends in mobile application development and UX/UI design. Write mobile code using objectoriented development style and under version control. Design and implement class models using wellknown objectoriented development techniques. Use HTML5, CSS and Javascript to create mobile web pages using content provided by editorial staff and assets (images, audio, video, etc.) Producing prototypes to demonstrate user interfaces where appropriate. Able to operate object oriented design methodology and industry standard design principles, frameworks and patterns This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well established and technology focused organisation in Cambridge that offer great career progression. My client are a forward thinking business that also offer a flexible approach to work. Please send in your CV for immediate consideration.