Title: 1st / 2nd Line IT Support
Webindex: 71526408
Company: Remit Resources
Description: 1st / 2nd Line Desktop support analyst needed by this large financial services organisation. The role involves providing IT support in a Windows 7 environment, including software installation and support, user / security set up, resolving hardware problems, day to day housekeeping and generally supporting the user base. It will be based in their Bristol office but will involve travel to other sites (Bath & Hereford) As the IT Support analyst your key areas of responsibility will include: • Install and repair desktops, laptops and servers including full client software installations, on a Windows 7 Enterprise Platform • Assist users in access to, and use of, all relevant applications • Configuration and maintenance of network printing and multifunction devices • Carry out maintenance of onsite backup and restoration procedures using BrightStor • Manage space availability on Network volumes • Assist in deployment of new software, and resolution of any local issues relating to LAN / WAN • Apply patches and updates • Maintain security of the systems • New staff IT inductions • Respond to user queries (1st line) and ensure responses by the team are timely and accurate • Administer, maintain and provide user training on the internal phone system • Provide regular onsite visits to relevant offices • Liaise with relevant members of the Infrastructure and Business solution teams Candidate The right candidate will have solid experience providing IT support in a professional environment including: • Familiar with maintenance and administration of Windows 7 Enterprise, Windows 2003 Server and Windows 2008 Server through Active Directory. • The use of a centralised helpdesk call logging environment • Working knowledge of working in a virtualised environment (VMware) • Previous use of CA software, i.e. Software Delivery, Remote Control (ITCM) • Backup and restore procedures using BrightStor • Good knowledge of Microsoft Office **** is essential • Good problem solving and Diagnosis skills • Able to prioritise and manage conflicting demands • Thorough understanding of file access and management in a WAN / LAN environment On a personal level, great communication and customer skills are an absolute must, you will be working with and providing IT support to users at all levels including Senior Directors. In addition to this they need someone who is flexible and ready to “go the extra mile” and committed to delivering a world class IT service. The Company This Company are one of the market leaders within their field. They are a progressive organisation that invest heavily in IT and recognise the need to manage this to ensure the greatest return on their Investment. They are Investors in People and have a real commitment to training and personal development as well as offering a good work life balance. This role is based in their Bristol Office, but also covers Bath and Hereford, as such a full driving licence and access to a car will be needed. Package The salary on offer is ****  **** with a full benefit package To discuss this role please send your CV to Richard Morgan at Remit Resources ASAP.