Title: Web GUI Designer
Webindex: 65682068
Description: Web Designer  High Wycombe  Up to ****  Benefits I am looking for a graphics designer with website and webapplication design expertise to join a successful web product development team. You will take the lead for visual design and user interaction for the next version of their software product, including user interface lookandfeel, user flow, and visual impact of our browser based marketleading business management application, custom designs for specific customer projects, as well as corporate website, and other marketing and product materials. They are committed to an exciting, beautiful user interface on a very capable business software. You will be creating the designs that make it intuitive and enjoyable for their users. You will design the user interaction, create art, and work within the development team to implement your designs. You will be enthusiastic about design, selfmotivated and able to work both independently and in conjunction with development, sales and marketing and implementation consultant team members and customers. Enthusiasm and flexibility to work on a variety of projects are necessary, as well as the ability to rapidly appreciate new requirements. Experience with sophisticated web user interface design is essential. My client are a Microsoft Gold BI Partner and main product technologies are ASP.Net, HTML, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, SQL Server, IIS, Windows, IE. Responsibilities will include:  Understand what the user needs to achieve How they will work in the software What will help the user enjoy the experience of working in the software  User interface design / creation Qualifications: Experience in designing web applications is a must. Familiarity with current usability research, theories and methodologies (especially usercentred design processes), and an intuitive feel for how human factors activities provide unique value added throughout the product development lifecycle is a plus APPLY NOW. To find out more about Progressive Recruitment please visit www.progressiverecruitment.com