Title: Service engineer (Site based)
Webindex: 68832635
Description: Service engineer (Site based) Birmingham **** **** ****  Car allowance or company vehicle  Over time Annual Bonus  Excellent Pension  Life Cover  training s leading forklift truck companies due to their excellent reputation and highly skilled engineers. In 2012 a recent survey confirmed they have 65% of the market sharing which has meant they can invest heavily into the development of their forklift trucks and training of all their engineers. In this role you will be a site based engineer in one of the biggest distribution centres based in Birmingham. This role will be days based and you will carry out planned preventative maintenance and breakdown repair on all forklift trucks on site. This will include maintenance, fault finding, servicing and installation on electrical and mechanical equipment. The ideal candidate will be a service engineer, field service engineer, maintenance engineer or workshop engineer with good electrical and mechanical skills from a heavy background. Engineers with experience of forklift truck, cranes, materials handling equipment, dock levellers, bailers, compactors, telehandlers, excavators, construction equipment, diggers or military equipment will have an advantage. This is an ideal role for an engineer that wants a long term role with a company that will offer you excellent training and the chance to progress your career both technically and into senior roles. The Role: Based in a distribution centre in Birmingham Service and maintenance on forklift trucks and other associated equipment. Electrical and maintenance. 22 weeks training extensive training. Overtime available. The Person: Have good electrical and mechanical maintenance skills. Come from heavy engineering background. Candidates from plant or forklift trucks will have an advantage. Live within **** minutes of Birmingham. Must have an engineering qualification. You must be able to use Microsoft office. Service engineer, electrical, mechanical, field service engineer, repair, fault finding, workshop engineer, fault finding, repair, maintenance engineer, service, forklift, plant, heavy, military, excavators, plant, To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please contact us on: **** **** **** or visit our website at www.risetechnical.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. 