Title: Test Analyst Software QTP
Webindex: 68688456
Company: BPM Tech
Description: The Group Test Analyst will support the development and execution of test plans, undertaking software testing of inhouse developments and associated layered products.Responsible for designing and building robust test scenarios and formal test packs utilising manual and automated test products to meet the requirements set out in the test strategy. Producing test metrics as required to support issue resolution and continuous improvement. In addition to ‘newbuild’ testing, provide a support function to assist in the identification and resolution of ‘bugs’ as required. Support the Group IT Software Test Team Lead in the development and enhancement of software Development Standards. This role has no direct management or commercial authorities. Detailed Scope Provide software quality assurance support to Group Application Development and Group Business Systems through the provision of software test services. Ensure the quality of deployed software through the development and execution of professional test packs derived from business requirements.Where business requirements are not available, support the Test Team Lead in the development of appropriate test packs based on software functionality. Take responsibility for execution of the system test phase of the development cycle, including responsibility for the generation and maintenance of test documentation (plans, logs scripts), ensuring:  The test procedure is executed as per the Test Plan.  Software is cleared of all major bugs pre acceptance testing.  All defined functionality is present and correct.  All end user requirements have been delivered.  The system integrates successfully and data integrity is assured. **** Support the maintenance of software testing tools, test environments, layered products and thirdparty applications. **** Provide a support role for any reported software bugs. Validating and assisting in the resolution of reported bugs. Skills and Abilities Essential:  Excellent understanding of testing principles and practice.  Good understanding of common software development lifecycles and the interaction required to deliver quality assured software.  ISEB Foundation qualification (or equivalent). Desirable QTP test tools. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TestAnalystSoftwareQTP_job****