Title: Application Software Engineer  Web Applications
Webindex: 67652303
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions
Description: Application Software Engineer (Web Applications)  C, ASP.NET, Microsoft .NET, Web UI Frameworks, Java, JQueryUI, ExtJS, Silverlight. Dartford, Kent area. Permanent. Salary: negotiable, DOE. Required ASAP. Our client is a leading developer and manufacturer of professional A/V system products, used to integrate video and audio into presentation systems (e.g. high tech boardrooms, university lecture halls etc.) and for realtime streaming of high quality video for the defence and government sectors. Application Software Engineer (Web Applications)  C, ASP.NET, Microsoft .NET, Web UI Frameworks, Java, JQueryUI, ExtJS, Silverlight. The role will involve the design/development of applications and web user interfaces to be integrated into hardware systems, enabling the streaming of video over IP to devices such as laptops, tablet computers etc. To be considered, candidates will be qualified to degree level (or equivalent) in software or another relevant subject. It is essential that candidates have strong software development experience including C, ASP.Net and Microsoft .NET. Good Java experience is also essential. Experience of working with web UI frameworks such as JQueryUI or ExtJS is critical and Silverlight would be beneficial. You will need a good understanding of web technologies. Whilst the above skills and experience are essential, it would also be beneficial if candidates had any of the following experience: Working with XML. Web development for mobile platforms. Solid Knowledge of web communication architecture like REST/RPC/SOAP. Solid understanding of objectoriented design and programming principles. Understand of MVC and other design patterns. Knowledge of TCP/IP and socket programming. Excellent communication and presentation skills, (written, and verbal). Full software development lifecycle. IIS configuration. Working with SQL database programming. LINQ. Working with Flash. Knowledge and awareness of latest web technologies like HTML5 and CSS3. Media streaming technologies. Experience with audio and video processing. As an individual you will have a passion and enthusiasm for electronics and engineering with a desire to develop your career and work on the development of products from concept through to delivery. This is an exciting opportunity to join and developing and dynamic organisation developing specialist and niche products to interesting market sectors. Key Words: Application Software Engineer, Web Applications, C, ASP.NET, Microsoft .NET, Web UI Frameworks, Java, JQueryUI, ExtJS, Silverlight. This is a permanent position.Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy