Title: IOS Developer  Media  IPhone/IPad
Webindex: 68495867
Company: Salt
Description: IOS Developer  Media  IPhone/IPad  ****k Purpose of Job  Develop iOS libraries to be used in iOS media applications for clients. The iOS libraries will be reusable for both iPhone and iPad.  Additionally, deliver compelling iOS media applications for high profile clients in the media industry.  Participate in the technical design of your required deliverables, in addition to contributing to the endtoend solution with your own ideas.  Actively participate in project meetings and sprints to ensure timely delivery.  Collaborate with webservices developers and User Experience engineers to deliver rich and immersive applications.  Collaborate with Technical Project Manager and senior management during development to ensure what is delivered meets expectations of client and users.  Identify, track and close bugs out as required.  Produce quality code with high test coverage  Be part of an agile team, participating in the planning, estimation and development of user stories.  Demonstrating code and application to scrum peers as required.  Mentoring Coaching junior iOS Developers  Produce technical documentation to a high standard. Knowledge/Skills/Experience Required: Essential to the job:  Degree in Computer Science or equivalent  Demonstrable experience of iOS development. Notably iOS **** Demonstrable means delivered iOS applications to the Apple Appstore for both iPhone and iPad devices.  Demonstrable Experience of Objective C and iOS Development frameworks. eg Cocoa Touch Framework  Experience of test driven development approaches.  Understanding of MVC design patterns and frameworks.  A solid understanding of 'touchfirst' application design.  Extensive commercial experience in Web Application development and/or software development.  Understanding of delivering tailored experiences for iPhone, iPad and Apple TV formfactors.  Demonstrable experience with Audio and Video features of iOS programming model.  Demonstrable Experience of Native Code/Library development.  Strong problem solving skills Desirable  In addition to Objective C, a solid grounding in C++  Experience of graphics programming, including game development.  Knowledge and all experience of media scenarios for iPhone and the iPad.  Well versed in developing in an agile development environment.  Understanding of competing platform development technologies like Android and Windows Phone.  Experience calling web services and external APIs  UI implementations working in conjunction with designers  Demonstrable interest in emerging mobile technologies and protocols  Familiar with GIT