Title: Test Team LeadUATBanking
Webindex: 72161364
Company: Code IT Recruitment Ltd
Description: Testing Services is responsible for the (UAT) User Acceptance Testing of all software and configuration changes to systems within Banking Services, which are critical to the Bank's operations and core functions. The scope of changes may vary from minor software and configuration upgrades, to major software changes introduced as formal projects or maintenance releases. BS COOU Testing Services are looking for a Test Lead to oversee the planning and execution of multiple workstreams using technical and staff resources as agreed with the Testing Services Manager. Team Leaders may be required to work some overtime and weekends prior to the release of major software changes. Testing Services report directly to the Service Development Manager and working particularly closely with the BS COOU Service Development Function. The team consists of a team of a number of Test Analysts (permanent and Fixed Term Contract staff) who report to **** Team Leaders and subsequently the Testing Services Manager. They may also be required to report to a Test Manager if assigned to a project with significant scale, complexity and risk. Jobholder responsibilities will include. Strong Teajm leading capabilities around User Acceptance (UAT) Testing. Providing analysis and planning of testing requirements for projects, maintenance releases etc. Including estimating test effort, impact analysis, defining test cases/conditions, environment requirements and documentation for approval by stakeholders. Overseeing the execution of multiple trialling workstreams using technical and staff resources. Ensuring workstreams produce regular progress reports and any issues identified are recorded, followed up and escalated to the Testing Services Manager when appropriate. Maintaining strong relationships with IS and the business areas during testing, to ensure all parties are informed of test progress in a timely manner. Representing Testing Services at internal meetings with the business areas. Coordinating access controls to individual testing environments and providing authority for testing software. Supporting the Testing Services Manager in identifying and recommending appropriate changes to processes and their supporting documentation, adopting best practice where appropriate Maintaining awareness of upcoming projects and maintenance releases as well as issues affecting other workstreams, for cover purposes. Managing staff motivation and development and completing interim and annual Performance Reviews. Ensuring open communication with other team members and providing training and support to colleagues when needed to help achieve cross qualification. The successful applicant will be able to demonstrate the following skills/attributes. Ability to communicate confidently at all levels, in writing and orally. Strong leadership skills. Strong interpersonal and team working abilities. Drive and determination to see a task through to completion. Analytical and problem solving skills. Ability to identify and suggest improvements to current practices. Workload management and ability to switch between tasks. IT literacy (MS Word, Excel and Project). The successful applicant will benefit from having some knowledge of Banking systems, in addition to previous experience/knowledge of testing processes, although full training will be given. Key words Test, lead, manager, UAT