Title: Test Analyst (Junit, Jasmine, Twist)
Webindex: 68678890
Company: Trader Media Group
Description: We have a fantastic opportunity to join a leading Agile development team working on a household brand  autotrader.co.uk. We have a huge Consumer Facing web site  10 million unique users and over **** billon page hits a month. One of the most successful print to online transitions in the industry We are a household name when it comes to buying and selling cars. Known and trusted by millions. The team We are a mature Agile team  for more than 4 years we've been early adopters who are constantly on the cutting edge of advanced Agile practices: Scrum, Lean, Kanban, XP. We are Agile with all of the associated benefits, responsibilities and freedoms. We own our delivery process, which we reevaluate and adjust as necessary, so don't expect to sit still for too long We do TDD on multiple levels; there is virtually no legacy code and all of our functionality is covered by automated tests. We currently release four times a week but are striving to release several times a day  your skills and experience are needed to help us get there We make technical and architectural decisions collectively  whiteboard skills are a must We value and encourage innovation and hold regular Hackathon sessions to promote this. The goal is create innovate and exciting code using new technologies/frameworks/3rd party integrations. These sessions are held in work time and the boss provides free beer and pizza  tech heaven We have a great working environment: top floor office with a roof terrace overlooking Wimbledon, table tennis over lunch We like to get things done but we value a good worklife balance. Working with us is so much more than just testing code The role We are looking for an experienced test analyst to join us and take our site to new and exciting places We have a number of involving and innovative projects already underway and our business stakeholders are pushing hard for us to take on more. It's this growth that is driving our need to recruit. We take testing seriously and have a multitiered testing stack that allows us to run our automated tests across all layers of our application. At the unit level we use JUnit to test our Java code and Jasmine to test our Javascript code. At the stub server level we use Selenium WebDriver to test our Java code and a brand new bespoke framework based on casper.js to test our Javascript code. At the UI level, we use Thoughtworks Studio's Twist product to create highlevel BDD tests that run against our web app in the Firefox browser. Working in an established Agile team you'll be fully supported by dedicated PM, BA, DEV, and UX resources; all colocated and working in close collaboration. Come and be part of our team and we'll help you take your testing career to the next level Required Experience You need to be a proactive tester with experience of working in a fastpaced, dynamic environment. Strong technical, analytical and problem solving skills are a must. Ideal candidates will have experience of the following: Java, SQL databases, testing client and server side web applications, Selenium WebDriver, Unix scripting and testing tools/frameworks. Location The role is based in the centre of sunny Wimbledon in southwest London and is only a minute's walk from a wide variety of shops, restaurants, coffee bars, cinemas and a Nuffield gym. Wimbledon main line station is only a threeminute walk from the office. South Wimbledon tube station is a tenminute walk from the office (or five minutes on one of the many bus routes that pass the office). Salary and Benefits We offer a competitive salary in the region of **** to **** depending on experience and skills. We also have a flexible benefits package, 25 days annual leave and a company pension. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TestAnalystJunitJasmineTwist_job****