Title: Senior HPC Specialist
Webindex: 68690607
Company: Pathway Solutions
Description: My client are one of the UK’s leading companies specialising in thedesign and install of custom High Performance Computing Cluster (HPCC) solutions with industry leading value/performance ratios. This is an exciting new role, with unlimited scope to help continually evolve a well established HPC Department at one of the UK’s largest PC and Server manufacturers. The HPC Systems Architect will be expected to converse with the company predominately academic HPC customers, to develop and customise fast and reliable HPC cluster solutions. Main purpose: The main purpose of this appointment is to assist in the development of the clients HPC proposition, by engaging with customers and architecting appropriate HPC systems as per requirements. The role will include working closely with the technical HPC team and will include hands on work configuring HPC software on the company’s HPC Clusters according to customer specifications. This is an allencompassing role which will require the success candidate to be flexible in their approach to work and install/commission clusters, qualify and benchmark new technologies as well as developing the company’s products and roadmaps to ensure competitiveness. Requirements: Ideal candidates will have experience within the HPC sector or at very least strong Linux skills with a proven track record of maintaining large numbers of servers. Experience within a presales environment would also be favourably looked on. All of the skills listed below are not mandatory. The ideal candidate will be comfortable with most topics below. Training will be provided to the successful candidate to ensure a high level of knowledge and ability within the group. The successful candidate will be working with bleeding edge technology. This is an excellent opportunity to join a rapidly growing and experienced HPC Team. HPC Technical Skills:  Experience in configuring/using HPC clusters.  Knowledge of scheduling systems, such as Platform LSF, PBS, Torque/Maui or Sun GridEngine.  Knowledge of Grid systems and configurations using Platform ISF, Condor or Globus.  Performance tuning of applications, through the use of compilers (Intel, PGI, GNU), libraries (LAPACK, BLAS, ATLAS, FFT, MKL etc).  Familiarity with low latency interconnects, such as Infiniband or ****GigE (inc MPI stacks).  Exposure to Linux Cluster Environments, such as Platform Cluster Manager, Bright Cluster Manager, Rocks or Oscar (or other, homebrew cluster management systems also a plus).  Knowledge/Understanding of clustered file systems (Lustre/GPFS/Panasas/DDN), any experience in configuring or tuning these file systems would be highly beneficial.  Indepth knowledge of parallel computing/ multiserver environments, cluster concepts and the Linux OS.  Experienced in many flavours of Linux (Redhat, Suse, Debian), any certification that demonstrates this up would be viewed as advantageous (RHCE)  Technical knowledge of Networking products and solutions  Knowledge of high performance computing systems; scalable, parallel architectures; and basic aspects of the UNIX operating system.  Knowledge of advanced data storage technologies and highspeed network interfaces.  Ability to monitor system usage and performance statistics and to understand the impacts of operating system tuning parameters.  Deep understanding of the installation and configuration of operating systems and application software.  Knowledge of problem resolution procedures, testing and evaluations methods, programming tools, and system network security in a UNIX environment.  Ability to analyse requirements and determine computational resource impacts. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorHPCSpecialist_job****