Title: Biddable Media Manager
Webindex: 62011292
Company: MBN Recruitment
Description: My award winning digital agency client is looking for a Biddable Media Manager to come on board and maximise the opportunities, revenue and exposure of biddable media opportunities within the agency, applying knowledge of the real time landscape and targeting technologies that drive real time performance. The outstanding candidate should be technically minded, experienced in their application and use of DSPs, Google and non Google display and search products, 3rd party data profiling and development of attribution modelling. Technical programming knowledge would be beneficial but is not essential. Reporting in to the Account Director and the Head of Client Services, responsibilities will include: Managing senior relationships and oversee daytoday relationships with the media vendors and clients alike. Developing models of attribution, targeting and lookalike profiling to drive revenue from display, search, video and mobile channels through upselling, crossselling and team operational efficiencies Oversee the planning, management and delivery of all real time campaigns to hit projected targets, both as a solo exercise and reviewing other s plans Further increase DSP usage across current client set, driving PMP and 3rd party data testing. Evaluation of DSP and DMP offerings on a regular basis with clients in mind. Implementing prospecting and retargeting strategies that compliment other channels and quantify this through the application of robust attribution models to justify spend. Supporting business analyst by contributing to pitch materials and attending new business meetings where relevant Education of wider team (sales, account management, data) about biddable media Clients Build relationships with middle and senior client contacts independent of AD attendance. Develop strategic view of the account that is understood and translated to client. Take overall responsibility for meeting clients KPIs whilst maximising client spend against plan. Manage and support team members to effectively manage campaigns, troubleshoot problems and maximise performance Suppliers Build relationships with middle and senior contacts with a view to getting agency on BETA trials for new tests and having the most up to date knowledge of all current offerings. Management relationships with vendors covering container tag solutions, attribution tools and development of new tech overlays within media buys. Internal Work closely with your AD to help develop core media offering for all biddable, including Video, Mobile, Search and Display Develop agency understanding of biddable media s role within the overall media mix by creating presentations, holding workshops and designing forecasts that can be used to upsell new channels to existing clients. Provide financial forecasting of client revenues to management team Monitor team s financial processes and reporting to Account/Finance Director Skills Experience University Degree (or international equivalent). 23 years online media experience minimum Excellent experience, knowledge and understanding of display, video mobile markets, including current developments. Considerable Experience working with DSPs, Major Networks and adserver attribution technology. Good knowledge of overall online marketing mix Sound understanding of adserver technologies (examples include Doubleclick Mediaplex) Understanding of client side analytics packages highly desirable (Omniture, Coremetrics, GA) Ability to work independently and as part of team Fluent written and spoken English Maths Qualification (GCSE, A Level or international equivalent) desirable, along with evidence of mathematical competency Agency or Media Owner experience essential Proficient in MS Office, including Excel, Word and Powerpoint. Access and SQL server highly desirable