Title: Technical Director /Development Manager
Webindex: 68675944
Company: CV Bay
Description: Technical Director – Development Manager – C ASP.Net  Birmingham  ****k I am recruiting for an experienced Technical Director /Development Manager to head up the team of developers based in a Birmingham Web Development Company. The Technical Director /Development Manager will be h ead up the developers and oversee the production of all digital based projects. The Technical Director will act as technical lead on all projects and be responsible for the company’s technical vision, strategic direction and will need to work alongside creative and client services to give advice on technical solutions for all clients. The Web Development Company work with a variety of different clients providing websites and digital solutions. The Technical Director /Development Manager must have 5 years’ experience as a developer with a background in C and ASP.Net. As well experience as a developer the Technical Director must also have management experience of leading teams. The Web Development Company work with the latest web technologies including:  C  ASP.NET  MVC  HTML5  CSS  JavaScript The Technical Director /Development Manager must also have experience with these technologies. The Technical Director /Development Manager will be involved in n ew business and client cervices to deliver technical information for job proposals and pitches. This means the role will have quite a client facing element so would be perfect for a Development Manager that wants to move into a client facing role that still requires technical expertise. If you are interested in applying for this role please send your CV through the link to Lottie Robertson now. This Advert is posted by CV Bay Ltd a UK based Recruitment Consultancy, on behalf of one of our client’s. All of our Job Adverts are for live Jobs that we are proactively recruiting for. If this particular Vacancy isn’t of interest to you, but you are looking for work in a similar field, please get in touch, as we have new vacancies registered on a daily basis. We have dedicated teams of Account Managers and aim to provide the best possible service to all. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TechnicalDirectorDevelopmentManager_job****