Title: IT and Network Technician
Webindex: 68693394
Company: Recruitment Genius
Description: An IT and Network Technician is required to join a leading worldwide developer, manufacturer and distributor of invitro diagnostics solutions. You will work in conjunction with the Technical Services Manager and Financial Controller to support, develop and enhance IL's IT infrastructure and network services provided by IL. The role is primarily office based, but will require visits to customer sites as required. Principal function:  Responsible for the supervision and hardware management of company PC's, Laptop's and Network infrastructure. This includes all required maintenance of physical / virtual servers and computer equipment.  Responsible for IT security, data management and system administration across all company electronic devices operated by office based and field based personnel.  Ensuring data integrity of Servers and production of backup data, safeguarding with sufficient redundancy systems.  Supervision and support for Web Service IT systems  The configuration of company PC and laptop computer software suites. (e.g. Lotus Notes, Microsoft Office, SAP)  Production of PC's for IL supplied instrumentation as required  Supervision of N**** IT systems  Configuration of and support for company mobile devices and required software applications.  Purchase and maintenance of required software licenses (via FAST program)  Purchase and stock control of IT equipment as required for PC production and support of customers.  Responsible for daily opening of IL Office by 8.****0am and ensuring key holder cover is arranged for days not present.  Training and support for Web Service, IT Support and Technical Specialists for N3 and Web Service systems.  Maintain working knowledge of current software versions  Submission of a monthly activity summary report. Additional Responsibilities: Purchasing / Sales Order Entry / Stores  Instrument orders and maintenance of associated records  SAP entry of instruments and update of instrument movement information  Release of dispatch notes to allow invoicing  Liaison between IL and carriers for Instrument and large part delivery and movement.  Liaison with stores and service for the shipping of instrumentation and ancillary items  Purchase of stock items on request by business unit or to manage current issues.  Purchase of nonstock items via purchase requisitions as required.  Agreement of invoice and maintenance of open orders file for nonstock items.  Second line support to Stores for Goods In / Out.  Verification of packing notes against invoices for stock items and maintenance of associated records.  Purchase and licensing of any other ad hoc software requirements. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITandNetworkTechnician_job****