Title: Techncial Project Manager (MVS Cobol / DB****)  Global Company
Webindex: 69670120
Company: Spring Grp 
Description: Position Profile:  The Senior Technical Project Manager requires significant experience in the delivery and management of large projects and small enhancements specifically for the Supplier Billing Application Suite.  The successful candidate should possess a strong knowledge of MVS Cobol/DB**** and experience in managing the design, creation, and implementation of development project activities.  The Technical Project Manager will be responsible for all project related activities including but not limited to requirements analysis, project planning, budgeting, project cost analysis, human resource management, resource/task scheduling, and collaboration with users and other development teams.  The successful candidate is responsible for task coordination/assignment, task delivery, release management, change control, and accompanying status reporting. The position also is responsible for performance management, team development and training coordination for team members.  Ability to collaborate and report status to senior management and stakeholders.  Evaluate/mitigate project risk and reward. Position Requirements:  Lead the effort of strategic sub projects involving a key component of the major product/product suite for the company. Extensive project management and leadership experience including solid experience managing multiple projects simultaneously, project budgets and reporting regularly on status against commitments and budget. Required skills:  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  Effective tactical and strategic planning skills.  Ability to be flexible by adapting quickly to changing priorities.  Ability to work independently and with minimal supervision.  Strong interpersonal and time management skills.  Excellent analytical, research and problem solving skills.  Strong attention to detail  PMP or equivalent certification highly desired  Strong applied knowledge and expertise in project management and SDLC methodologies and tools  Lead the effort of strategic sub projects involving a key component of the major product/product suite for the company.  Execute and implement all aspects of project management including project estimation, sourcing, budget/ schedule/quality management, technology implementation, risk management, change management, regulatory requirements and satisfy the customer requirements.  Provide leadership and direction to team members under somewhat complex conditions which often involve ambiguity and uncertainty.  Exceptional motivational, negotiation, leadership, facilitation, and conflict management skills  Initiate, plan, execute, control, and successfully implement projects of varying size but very complex.  Manage projects varying in size and are not based on clearly defined scope. Self motivated  Develop changes to policies and procedures and ensure others adhere to these changes.  Identify risks and develop and execute risk mitigation plans  Work directly with Finance and CBAS teams for direction and prioritization of project priorities Lead and work effectively with a globally disbursed team. If yo uare potentially interested in this position please apply now hyphen.com Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.