Title: Support Consultant, MS Dynamics/NAV
Webindex: 68627798
Company: Ability Technology Group
Description: Support Consultant, MS Dynamics/NAV Ability Technology Group is a market leader in the provision of healthcare services throughout the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. We specialise in the delivery of prosthetic, orthotic, wheelchair, hoist and lift services and products which are supplied into both the NHS and Private healthcare markets. We have business units in England, Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland, France and Holland. We are looking for a MS Dynamics NAV Support Consultant to join the IT Team. You will be responsible for the continued maintenance, support and implementation of our MS Dynamics NAV systems. Although office based, there will be occasional travel to other sites throughout the UK, and Europe. Acting as a subject matter expert for MS Dynamics NAV, your duties will include: Supporting internal customers and provision of user training and advice. Monitoring and maintaining the integrity of the system and enhancing performance. Report writing and construction of dashboards Liaising with internal and external resources to identify business requirements Analysing the business process, designing, testing and implementing solutions. Liaise with our support partner on support issues and development requests To be considered for this position, you must have: Handson experience of supporting and working with MS Dynamics V**** and **** Good project management skills and/or exposure to projectbased work structures and project life cycles Experience using JET Reports and MS SSRS will be an advantage A good understanding of SQL database and TSQL What's more, as an MS Dynamics NAV Support Consultant, you should have excellent analytical and problemsolving abilities with a keen attention to detail. Equally important is your highly motivated approach, your ability to work within a team and your good communication skills. We can offer a challenging and exciting role with excellent opportunities to learn and develop your skills in our fast growing and dynamic business. As an organisation we try to develop people to their full potential and allow the progression that talented hard working people deserve. To apply please email your CV with a covering letter.