Title: Senior Oracle Apps Database Administrator (DBA)
Webindex: 68495631
Company: EU Solutions
Description: Senior Oracle Apps Database Administrator (DBA) Title: Senior Oracle Apps Database Administrator (DBA) Role: To administer the global Oracle eBusiness Suite and mentor a junior team member Company: A leading global firm Location: Cambridgeshire Salary: ****  **** The client The client is a market leading, multinational firm based in Cambridgeshire with offices worldwide. They are renowned for their high investment in new technology and the subsequent training for their staff. The Role The client is seeking an Oracle Apps Database Administrator (DBA). You will work on key projects and upgrades to the Ebusiness suite as part of the ERP specific systems team. As the Oracle Apps DBA you will be assisting in the day to day running of the Oracle Ebusiness suite including the Supply Chain, Oracle Financials and Oracle HRMS modules on the latest R**** system. Some of your tasks include; disaster recovery, maintenance, security, upgrades and enhancements as well as supporting user queries on a global scale. You will work closely with the Oracle Ebusiness development teams and have the chance to lead another more junior Oracle eBusiness DBA. The ideal candidate would have; Demonstrated Oracle Apps administrator skills (within the Ebusiness suite)  This can be across Oracle Financials, Oracle HRMS, Oracle Supply Chain or other modules  ****  5 years experience as an Apps DBA  Sound communication skills Customer/client centric approach to problem solving International experience is advantageous  Team leading experience is advantageous but not neccesary The Opportunity This is a great opportunity to develop your Oracle Ebusiness DBA support skills whilst gaining management experience to further your Senior DBA career. The client is market leading in its field and works on a global scale giving you further opportunity to develop your international business skills. You will be working with the latest software releases (Oracle R****) in a team of highly skilled professionals in a company that is known to keep up with technology changes. If this position is right for you or others in your network, please contact Thomas MacKinnon on or reach me via LinkedIn. Twitter: jobs oracle dba ebs Senior Oracle Apps Database Administrator (DBA)