Title: Training IT Support Apprentice
Webindex: 69800710
Company: Baltic Training Services
Description: This is a government funded apprenticeship, therefore anyone with a level 4 qualification or above will not be eligible for the funding. We are looking for an Training IT Support Engineer to be an integral part of our Team. This role is a combination of network administration and user support. As the IT Team is small in size all members of the team must be able to deal with a range of support needs from infrastructure to applications. Our company has been supporting small businesses in London for almost 10 years, we supply professional Microsoft and Mac experts on call to help small businesses **** to ****0 people. Training to be Provided: Ongoing training is provided by Baltic Training Services: Level 3 Diploma IT Professional Level 3 Advanced Diploma in Systems and Principles Level 2 key skills (Literacy and Numeracy) CISCO IT Essentials MTA (Microsoft Technical Associate certification) For the candidates with the greatest ability and aspirations CompTIA A and MCTS (Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist) may also be offered. Essential: Maths and English at GCSE grade AC (or equivalent). ICT an advantage. Skills Required Good technical awareness and demonstrable all round computer skills, either self taught or through certification. You must be keen to learn and to fit into the working environment. Personal Qualities: A thorough knowledge of operating systems, networking, hardware and office software. Excellent problem solving skills. The ability to explain problems and solutions clearly to nontechnical staff. The ability to work under pressure and to deadlines. A patient and methodical approach to work. The ability to work alone or as part of a team. The ability to prioritise tasks. A commitment to keep up to date with IT developments. An awareness of electrical health and safety regulations . This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/TrainingITSupportApprentice_job****