Title: ASPnet amp; C Web Developer
Webindex: 69025015
Description: ASP.net & C Web Developer  Do you have strong skills in ASP.net, C and SQL Server? Are you looking to work for a friendly, flexible and growing company where you will get to work on cutting edge eCommerce systems? You will be working on a number of ecommerce projects and will have the opportunity to develop your skills and experience. You will ideally be educated to degree standard, achieving a good grade (preferably with a computer science or software engineering or equivalent degree) and possess full software project life cycle experience with a proven development background in the skills listed. You will also need a passion for the web, a strong work ethic, and a proven track record for delivering projects. Essential Skills ASP.NET with C essential, preferably at least 3 years' experience. (.NET version 2.0/****) or alternatively a high calibre recent graduate with .NET knowledge Web Services, consuming and creating. (examples can be WSE, WCF or ASP.NET Web API) Object Oriented practices Commercial ecommerce experience of high transactional systems. Good English and documentation skills Structured organised programmer with full software lifecycle experience. SQL Server 2008 experience (TSQL, BIDS, performance tuning) Source code version control (examples can be SVN or Git) branching and merging. Unit Testing (examples can be MSTest or NUnit) Optimisation and code profiling. Refactoring, improving, and restructuring legacy code in order to improve quality, add features, and allow unit testability. Highly Desirable Skills JavaScript frameworks (preferably jQuery). Standards compliant, crossbrowser, accessible HTML ****/XHTML and CSS 2 (and some CSS 3). ASP.NET MVC ORM Frameworks (examples can be NHibernate or Entity Framework) Application support, fault finding and bug fixing. Desirable Skills AJAX and JSON Continuous Integration Knowledge of agile/XP practices Basic experience with IIS The company is able to offer extremely flexible working arrangements. ASP.net & C Web Developer To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy