Title: Front End Developer  HTML and CSS
Webindex: 69035200
Company: North Point Recruitment
Description: Exciting vacancy alert Exciting vacancy alert I am looking for for an experienced frontend developer to join my client in Surrey on a permanent basis. My client is a groundbreaking search engine for clinical trials that is designed for patients and their loved ones. Their mission is to help those who may be interested in participating in trials, by making it easier for them to find, understand, and join clinical studies  covering all medical conditions, anywhere in the world. The role: You will be responsible for turning our user flows and visual designs into working HTML. Working alongside a small group of talented individuals, you will have the opportunity to impact millions of users that come to our site, often patients looking for a lifeline to overcome lifethreatening conditions. Our customer facing platform is used by some of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. This is a fulltime and permanent position based in our offices in Richmond. We believe that all of our fulltime employees should also be owners of the company, so you will receive stock options in addition to an attractive salary and bonus. Key responsibilities Work closely with the product team to turn user flows and visual designs into production HTML Assist with task estimation and release planning Must have 3 years front end experience Expert level knowledge of HTML and CSS Expert level knowledge of Javascript Experience with jQuery and AJAX interfaces Ability to build user interfaces using the latest web standards Understanding crossbrowser testing and compatibility Demonstrable examples/portfolio of previous work Experience of working alongside backend developers Basic Photoshop/Illustrator knowledge (slicing PSDs etc) This is a groundbreaking company that really values the importance of each and every employee. If this sounds like the role and the company for you please apply asap as not to miss out on this great opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/FrontEndDeveloperHTMLandCSS_job****