Title: CMS IT Developer  General Insurance
Webindex: 68610176
Company: Centrepoint Recruitment Consultants
Description: CMS Developer  General Insurance Salary to **** to experience  excellent benefits. Mid Surrey. Our client is a leading and rapidly expanding Insurance services organisation who are currently seeking a CMS Developer (Content Management System) to join their existing web team. They are open to a wide level of experience and skills, which is reflected in highly competitive salary offered. You will be responsible for frontend website development with Stellent and Java technologies. You will be working in a dynamic and demanding IT environment so will need to work well under pressure and have a flexible approach to conflicting demands.  An extensive understanding of the Waterfall development methodology is required with exposure to RAD and additional methodologies being an advantage.  Extensive experience of producing functional and technical specifications.  Extensive experience of configuration management/source code management tools,  Extensive experience of writing UML diagrams. Keywords: Skills/experience to include: Stellent Content Server ****; good understanding of WebDav. experience of Java Servlets, JSP; Oracle; PL/SQL. Extensive experience of working with Stellent Site Studio with a proven track record of successful implementation.  Extensive experience of Stellent Content Server ****  Commercial experience of Java, Servlets and JSP. The use of JSP Tag libraries would be beneficial.  Some experience of designing/architecting web based applications with knowledge of debugging them.  Commercial experience of Oracle and PL/SQL would be beneficial.  Some experience of working with HTML and XHTML with a basic understanding of Cascading Style Sheets (CSS).  Experience of working with XML including good working knowledge of XSLT.  Extensive experience with one or more configuration management / source code management tools, such as CVS or Harvest.  Extensive experience of writing UML diagrams, such as Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams and Use Case diagrams. Excellent working environment and top staff benefits package. Central location, easy access public transport. Easily commutable from Redhill, Reigate, Dorking, Leatherhead, Epsom, Kingswood, Sutton, Croydon, Crawley, Caterham, Tonbridge etc.