Title: PMO Analyst  Banking  Permanent  City
Webindex: 69039911
Company: JM
Description: A well known bank is currently looking for a permanent PMO Analyst to join them. As the PMO Analyst you will be responsible for supporting the PMO Manager in setting the governance framework as well as supporting project managers in the division. Key Accountabilities  Set up, support and provide guidance on the use of the internal project and portfolio management systems  Assist in the preparation of key project documentation in compliance with Group standards, and support the progression of these deliverables through the approvals cycle.  Support the creation and maintenance of programme/project plans and ensure that milestones and dependencies are identified and logged  Assist in ensuring risks and issues are logged and analysed; monitor progress of actions to address risks and issues  Support Programme and Project Managers in implementing the agreed progress reporting framework for all programmes/projects, ensuring reports are fit for purpose and deadlines are achieved  Assist in the timely production of progress and other management information reporting across the change portfolio  Ensure compliance with the Change Management Approach and support the quality review process for projects and programmes  Provide input to the stakeholder management and communication plan, working with communications workstreams across the Group to ensure plans are aligned and monitor the delivery of dependant stakeholder activities  Support project and programme management processes and methodologies to optimise efficiency , meeting business goals within agreed timescales and budget, including benefits tracking and quality assurance activities  Support financial processes, assist with forecasting, collation of financial information, and tracking of costs against budget  Provide support with capacity planning and resource tracking. Advise on resource clashes and future shortages. Monitor contract end dates and undertake renewal process if appropriate.  Provide secretariat support to Project/Programme meetings as required We are looking for an enthusiastic individual looking to join a great organisation and build a solid career. The opportunity is huge as the division is rapidly expanding. If you match the above profile and are looking for a new challenge, apply online today The JM Group and JM Digital are acting as an Employment Agency with relation to this vacancy. The JM Group and JM Digital are an Equal Opportunities employer and we encourage applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PMOAnalystBankingPermanentCity_job****