Title: Consultant  Architect  SME Microsoft Dynamics AX ****/2012
Webindex: 70783558
Company: Quadratek People Limited
Description: ****billion services company who have adopted a internal consulting model towards their impressive international and diverse client base covering industry , retail , finance and military/government. Brilliant opportunity to work in a consulting enviroment , innovative role requiring imagination, client communication skills , technical excellence which is all supported by ongoing training and career development . The main responsibilities of this role are to develop and support the Interserve applications using Dynamics AX. To develop the business system for Interserve Support Services in line with the IT strategy and with an understanding of the business processes that that the applications supporti Working with customers to implement/maintain/extend Microsoft Dynamics AX features and functions in line with Interserve development standards, leveraging the capabilities of Dynamics to support the delivery of business requirements. Develop, extend and maintain solutions Ccreation and enhancement of IT standards, policies and procedures with regard to Dynamics AX To communicate effectively with all areas of IT and provide technical support and advice To work effectively in project teams, liaising closely and proactively with the Business Partners for Finance, Procurement and HR to realise value opportunities. To develop solutions exploiting AX applications and technology Defining AX enhancement requirements for reports and business processes/forms etc. Implementing AX enhancements either directly or liaising with external partners. Testing enhancements for customer acceptance and accuracy Communicating issues and project tasks with appropriate personnel Actively working with stakeholders to mitigate risks by maintaining a management plan. Second and third line support of the live application Responsibilities Mapping business requirements to Dynamics functionality and producing specifications for Dynamics configuration and customisation Creation of documentation to support the Dynamics developments Delivery of Dynamics solutions that meet the specified requirements. It is expected that the person appointed will have sufficient expertise to work through a combination of selfdelivery, guided delivery by team members, and management of expert services provided by third party consultancies. Delivery of effective second and third line support Delivery of regular reporting for all projects and business as usual operations Establishment of strong relationships with key members of the IT department and the business Championing the Dynamics application portfolio and establishing it as a trusted source of financial information shedding light on operational performance improvement opportunities Strategic identification of development opportunities for fresh IT approaches, processes and support mechanisms. Working collaboratively with Business Partners to proactively identify development opportunities, and shape requirements to match the capabilities of the Dynamics application suite. Provision of accurate estimates for development requirements in support of business development requirements Work with wider IT teams to innovate and drive common appropriate solutions, and then work with the Business Partners representing Finance, HR and Procurement to drive best value from the Dynamics portfolio. Ensure both Business Partners and IT colleagues appreciate the wider change impact of IT related Projects and initiatives and plan accordingly. Work with the IT Operations Team, maintaining a detailed working knowledge of system issues as they arise, ensuring that impacted key stakeholders are kept fully informed, and that business service levels are not unduly compromised. Within the Solutions Team and in conjunction with the other IT managers, provide input in to continuous improvement processes to ensure that IT’s delivery to the customer is as efficient and effective as appropriate for the organisation. To publish measures that ensure compliance with the published IT policy and strategy of the Company ensuring key business stakeholders are aware, and that there are appropriate action plans. Play an appropriate role in the IT Governance structure. Measure the customer satisfaction level of the service being provided by the wider IT team. Operating Environment: The work will be office based near Birmingham The job will entail occasional travel to other sites around the UK and possibly to Interserve International operations as necessary. Communications and Working Relationships: The role holder will be expected to work closely with the Business Partners for Finance, Procurement and HR; and to have frequent contact with the business representatives from these functions. Additionally, the role holder will be expected to communicate with the strategic Dynamics development partner on a regular basis. Framework, Boundaries, Decision Making Authority and Responsibility: The role holder will take full responsibility for the Dynamics development process, accountable to the Head of Solutions and supported by input from a newly formed Dynamics development team and external providers of expertise. Knowledge skills experience Significant implementation, development, support and training experience of Dynamics AX ****/2012. A wide exposure to IT and its wider roles and responsibilities in a similar sized organization Experience of setting and achieving targets and producing work of high quality to agreed deadlines and budgets Extensive experience of relationship and stakeholder management Strong desire for innovation and adaptable to come up with and gain agreement to workable value adding business solutions Strong communication (written oral) skills) Strong drive for results and resilience Excellent facilitation and consultancy skills Self motivated and independent Good team player A passion for delivering value through Information Technology and business change Person AX expertise Persuasiveness and influencing Problem solving and analysis Creativity and innovation Business acumen This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ConsultantArchitectSMEMicrosoftDynamicsAX20092012_job****