Title: Lead Business Analyst, Banking  Payments
Webindex: 65171453
Description: Lead Business Analyst, Banking  Payments, ****  ****  Package, LondonA leading bank is looking to recruit a number of Lead Business Analysts to lead teams assigned to regulatory/mandatory/strategic Programmes within the banks Payments domain area. This will involve leading large, strategic, highrisk/complex programmes from initiation, along with taking responsibility for the quality of deliverables produced by BA's within the team. To be considered for this role, you will be a Lead Business Analyst from a Payments background with an understanding from an operational as well as a business perspective. In addition, you will have experience of working on International or Domestic Payments projects programmes. You will also have most of the following:  Strong core BA skills including requirements elicitation, process design and specification documentation alongside knowledge of BA techniques Business Analysis experience within a Payments environment. Experience of leading large teams (c**** people).  Experience of managing multiple projects. Experience of UML production of use cases Knowledge use of the Rational tool set Data analysis modeling experience Involvement in projects/programmes using an Agile approach Detailed knowledge use of any of the following Payments schemes  SWIFT/BACS/CHAPS/SEPA/Faster Payments/FATCA Knowledge of GPP/Fundtech would be an advantage Ability to build strong relationships with business and senior stakeholders to manage objections and approvals efficiently across the range of product, channel, legal, compliance and fraud stakeholders.  Able to work within a fluid environment to derive clear requirements.  Proven ability to manage analysis across large scale portfolio of initiatives.  Effective performance management skills.  Ability to collaborate under pressure and work within multiple work streams.  ISEB and/or similar qualifications. Personally you will be a disciplined thinker and capable of working across organisational boundaries in a very demanding, highoutput environment. You will have outstanding organisational skills, attention to detail and accuracy is essential. Must be proactive, adaptable and results driven. You will be a team player who must be able to work under pressure, juggle multiple projects, using own initiative and motivation to meet deadlines and set priorities without close supervision. In addition to the basic salary this role offers: ****  40% bonus, 18% pension, car allowance, 30 days hols  other bens including the opportunity to work from home. This position also offers the opportunity to work on the cutting edge of technology for a leading bank with multiple channels for career and skills advancement. If you have the skills mentioned above then please send your CV for a full company and vacancy briefing.