Title: GIS Analyst
Webindex: 69201230
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: A longestablished, vibrant, Business Solutions company located in the Jewellery Quarter of Birmingham is looking for a motivated GIS Analyst to join their expanding team. They specialise in helping organisations become more successful by using mapping data and technology to solve their business challenges. What makes the company different isn?t the funky Grade II listed office space, or the flexible working hours, or the morning / afternoon / nights out on the town, or the relaxed dress code, or even the knowledge you?re bouncing ideas off the most switched on people in their field. It?s both their ethics that everyone who works there is equal and the fact that innovation and hard work lead directly to reward and job satisfaction. The company?s success is built on progressing people?s careers by giving them support, training, guidance and above all as much responsibility as they want. The rest is down to you. As a GIS Analyst your duties will include: ? Being responsible for the delivery of projects including handson analyse of data, identifying and implementing complex and wide reaching solutions using location based technology and services; ? Delivering innovation and value for the business through the development of processes and workflows for analysing data; ? Supporting the Sales team by participating in earlystage client engagement, responding to tenders, and presenting to clients where appropriate; ? Supporting the Business Solutions team to deliver consulting, development and training projects; ? Writing formal technical and functional documentation for acceptance by third parties. An ideal GIS Analyst will hold the following skills and experiences: ? Strong GIS skills; ? Developed skills in Data management, information management, problem solving and complex datasets analysis; ? Excellent communication and facilitation skills; ? Experience using GIS desktop software preferably MapInfo Professional; ? A thorough knowledge of Ordnance Survey mapping products; ? Great natural enthusiasm; ? A real drive to make things happen; ? A core passion about technology; ? Tremendous team skills. In return you will receive a competitive salary of ****  **** per annum plus flexible working hours and the opportunity to make your own future. In the first instance, please send your CV via the apply link online. Strictly No Agencies. You must be eligible to work in the UK. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website.