Title: Business Objects Developer  Global Company ****K  Brighton
Webindex: 70456558
Company: Huntress Group   Technology Perms
Description: SAP Business Objects Reporting Developer immediately required by our leading Global client based in their Brighton office. Our client's Datawarehouse solution has grown significantly and we are now looking for an experienced Report Developer with an excellent understanding of Reporting toolsets specifically Business Objects and a good understanding of SQL. The Report Developer is responsible for designing and ongoing maintenance of the reporting solution. They will be able to work alongside the existing reporting team to provide input for the design and maintenance of new and existing reporting solutions for all brands. They will be able to effectively gather analysis based on requirements and communicate to the business the solutions derived. SKILL REQUIRED: Business Objects XI R**** or **** and previous versions Administration, deployment, installation and configuration experience Universes  Following through from initial design to development, and finally through to creation. Excellent knowledge of SQL and Database concepts  ability to query essential Proven track record of customer relationship skills, as this is a customer/client facing role. Excellent communication skills both written and verbal MAIN DUTIES: Development of Business Objects Universes and reporting solutions according to business requirements Develop and understand CMS and administration tasks within Business Objects. Work towards the defined BI strategy. Adhere to predefined development standards and practices. Develop report packs and offer advice on best practices for reporting to customers. Understand high level requirements of our customers and be able to communicate those requirements within a technical environment. If you are interested in a new challenge, with a well respected international organization to work on challenging and innovative projects please send your CV to Adam Govan or for more information call. Salary available on application. Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role