Title: Fiserv / Signature / RPG Specialist
Webindex: 69039627
Company: CML Offshore Recruitment
Description: About the Client Our client is a reputable financial services business in Bermuda, progressing and evolving through the use of innovative technology and business solutions About the role We are looking for a Senior Application Engineer for financial systems who has a deep technical and functional understanding of the technologies involved with the core financial applications in banking. The role is responsible for providing the technology support team leadership and execution to applications and interfaces and the technical relationships with vendors to ensure that the financial systems are configured, operating and performing to the business’ current operations plus future strategy. You will also be responsible for the following:  Dayto day team direction and execution of level 2 support of Windows and iSeries based financial system, including ****x7 on call support, with a capability to cross train other team members.  Primary system knowledge of: Fiserv (Signature ICBS, Teller, Aperio, Communicator), Corillian (Voyager), Microsoft Dynamics (Great Plains), FSS (Spectrum Treasury), CarmPro, CRM3  Supporting other 3rd party applications in the bank based on cross training from other team members.  Lead deployment and configuration of new applications and interfaces as required.  Proactive maintenance and administration of installed applications and interfaces to optimize and ensure performance and stability.  Establishing, specifying and delivering existing and future process related to application management including change, configuration, deployment, release, patch management.  Applying your acumen for technology in being responsible for configuration, trouble shooting and optimization of the relevant systems, liaising closely with in house BA’s and external vendors.  Collaborating with developers, vendors and BA’s to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability, performance needs and cost.  Responsible for ensuring all application system architectures are documented and changes maintained in the appropriate tools and libraries.  Assessing and estimating future Application needs and creating IT capital and operational costs for department and project level budgets and business cases. Candidate Requirements:  Detailed technical support knowledge of the Fiserv Large Bank Group processes, methodologies and suite of applications  5 years technical support experience of Signature Core Banking System and associated applications such as Communicator, Teller, and Aperio (preferably international version).  Working technical support knowledge of the Microsoft Dynamics GP( Great Plains) or other MS Dynamics based financial systems.  Proven experience of configuration of Fiserv financial applications and interfaces in general, but with specific experience of Signature Common File configuration in TA,LO,TR,GL,EFT subsystems  Experience of full development lifecycle in RPG (develop / test / maintain / upgrade) and ability to develop both interfaces and applets in RPG.  Demonstrable experience of 7 years technical application support in a Retail banking environment in progressively senior roles of which 3 years should be as a senior or lead application engineer with technical leadership responsibility.  Experience with IT process methodologies such as ITIL Service Management, Six Sigma, CoBIT, in a working context a benefit. About Bermuda Residents of Bermuda enjoy a tropical, aesthetically beautiful Island; just two hours from mainland USA that boasts an incredible standard of living with warm weather all year round, extremely low payroll tax (currently 5.75%), minimal commute and the beach on your doorstep. What are you waiting for? This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/FiservSignatureRPGSpecialist_job****