Title: Lead Business Analyst, Banking
Webindex: 67389276
Company: The People Network
Description: Lead Business Analyst, Banking  ****k****k  banking package  London. A leading bank in London is looking to recruit a number of Lead Business Analysts to join a BA Practice team, in partnership with the Heads of Programme Delivery alongside designers, solutions architects and other Business Analysts. You will work across multiple stages of the lifecycle to take customer and business propositions, critically evaluate them and develop and agree an end to end customer and technical design with full specification level deliverables for entry to build followed by a level of support through the lifecycle to benefits. To be considered for this you will be a Lead Business Analyst with recent exposure to a Banking/ Financial Services environment. In addition you will have: Strong core BA skills including requirements elicitation, process design and specification documentation alongside knowledge of BA techniques. Experience working in a Lead position. (Proven project / team leadership). Ability to build strong relationships with business and senior stakeholders to manage objections and approvals efficiently across the range of product, channel, legal, compliance and fraud stakeholders. Able to work within a fluid environment to derive clear requirements. Proven ability to manage analysis across large scale portfolio of initiatives. Effective performance management skills. Ability to collaborate under pressure and work within multiple work streams. ISEB and/or similar qualifications. Wholesale/Transaction banking, Private banking, Payments, or Wealth Management experience desirable. Personally you will be a disciplined thinker and capable of working across organisational boundaries in a very demanding, highoutput environment. You will have outstanding organisational skills, attention to detail and accuracy is essential. Must be proactive, adaptable and results driven. You will be a team player who must be able to work under pressure, juggle multiple projects, using own initiative and motivation to meet deadlines and set priorities without close supervision. In addition to the basic salary this role offers: ****  40% bonus, 18% pension, car allowance, 30 days hols  other bens including the opportunity to work from home. This position also offers the opportunity to work on the cutting edge of technology for a leading bank with multiple channels for career and skills advancement. If you have the skills mentioned above then please send your CV for a full company and vacancy briefing.