Title: Solution Architect, Leading Bank, to ****k
Webindex: 71197759
Company: Rullion IT Plus
Description: Solution Architect required by a leading Global Bank to join their solution architecture practice and work on a broad range of challenging technology projects. The Bank is growing its architecture division so this is a business critical role where the successful candidate will be responsible for designing highly creative and genuinely market leading Banking technology solutions. This is an exciting opportunity for an innovative Solution Architect with experience gained in a banking or consultancy environment to take on a new challenge. Working closely with senior stakeholders across the business, the solution architect will be involved with highlevel design of solutions at the initial stages of projects. This role would suit a business focused solution architect who has a broad technical background and can translate business ideas and requirements into technical solutions. In the past successful candidates in the solution architecture practice have worked either directly for a Bank in a similar role or have come from a consultancy type background working onsite at large Blue Chip organisations. Applicants should have the following skills and experience:  Strong Solution Architecture Background  Broad technical experience and a passion for technology  Experience either working for a consultancy or a major Blue Chip organisation  FS experience would be particularly beneficial  Extensive business facing and stakeholder management experience Above all else my Client is keen to attract a highly ambitious individual who is looking for the opportunity to make a real impact on their business. If you are an exceptional communicator with a strong solutions background then please send in a copy of your CV for further information. This role can be based in either London or Manchester with a salary of between Circa ********k  Package dependant on experience and location. For more information, please contact me on **** or email me at neal.jalotarullion.co.ukRullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.