Title: Site Engineer  Teesside
Webindex: 71435444
Company: Reynolds and Reynolds
Description: Reynolds and Reynolds provides business applications for automotive dealerships, supplying them with thesoftware and hardware they use to run their businesses. We are looking for talented individuals to join our team, and have positions available throughout our organisation. We believe that our success is built on the abilities of our employees and strive to create a challenging and rewarding environment where all individuals are respected and encouraged to grow in their careers. Reynolds and Reynolds is seeking to hire a Site Engineer to cover a customer site in North East England. You will work with onsite customers to provide an efficient repair service to any broken down computer hardware. This company has a ticketing system. Their support needs are diverse and most of the PCs come preprepared from Norway. There is sometimes a need to add or remove software. They use SMS and a slavepc, but the rest of the environment is XP and Office **** You will deal with issues thrown up by the Windows 7 upgrade, support endusers, fix printer jams, as well as perform manual backup and hardware maintenance. Job responsibilities include installing software locally, racking and connecting servers, updating ticketing/call queue management, acting as **** st and **** nd line support onsite, deploying software with SMS, placing warranty calls and calls with BT, manual auditing, liase with Aberdeen and Norway teams to resolve issues, and managing IMAC duties – including scheduling. Some PC build experience is required and you will also take responsibility for reloading software to the restored items. You will be responsible for equipment/spares ordering/replenishment, and work to improve the internal SLA – currently 3 days for hardware repairs and would like to be reduced to NBD. This is a site based role therefore applicants must have their own transport to get to the site. However, a vehicle will be provided for traveling to outlying sites. Must be background checked and a full, clean driving licence is required. You also must observe site health and safety. Engineers will represent Reynolds and Reynolds on this customer site in a professional manner in both appearance and conduct and be suited to work and travel on foot across a large site. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SiteEngineerTeesside_job****