Title: Training Consultant/Training Delivery Manager
Webindex: 68495796
Company: Populo
Description: Populo Resourcing is working with one of the world's leading retailers and we are looking to recruit a talented Training Consultant/Training Delivery Manager. The ideal Training Consultant/Training Delivery Manager would come from a retail background and has a solid background in the implementation of training programs/workshops. This role is easily reachable from North London, Watford, St Albans, Welwyn Garden City and Stevenage. Role The Training Consultant/Training Delivery Manager will be working the pricing strategy/European markets teams and will be responsible from the training implementation software solutions across the UK and Central Europe. This is not a hands on' training role; it will help with the facilitation of training amongst other responsibilities. Responsibilities Understanding the learning needs and styles of the different PanEuropean audiences Establishing what training content is already available and how best to use it to meet local needs Coordinating workshop events with local market teams and facilities Providing a relaxed but engaging learning environment Taking the educational/facilitation lead in workshop sessions, supporting subject matter experts ensuring participation and engagement with audiences Ensuring all workshops are evaluated and attendance captured Providing regular feedback and updates to the CE lead and client's capability on progress Feeding back changes of requirements, material enhancement and amend requests Essential skills/Background Experience of working within a large retailer with knowledge of Commercial IT system training. Strong interpersonal skills  outgoing, able to build relationships quickly. Strong training delivery skills with experience of training delivery outside of the UK. Ability to take the complex and make it simple. Bachelor's degree/CIPD accreditation in train the trainer desirable Strong selfstarter with ability to work under own initiative and as part of a team. Experience of working on cross team project or within a Matrix structured environment Willingness to occasionally travel in Europe