Title: Front End Developer, Javascript, LAMP, UI/UX
Webindex: 68496575
Company: Acceler it
Description: Front End Developer Lead London W**** Paddington ****k/NEG DOE  Benefits and incentives (negotiable) The company London's most innovative stock market web application start up is growing fast in their 3rd year. We are looking for a fullstack LAMP ninja who is hungry, talented and happy to take risks along the way. You will have a strong focus on first class Front End userinterface design. We want a Front End developer that has a webapp flavour to your work. They are more about presentation, navigation and graphical UI of big data. That is what will impress them. Finance knowledge is a plus but by no means essential. Evidence of opensource involvement in Javascript projects is a plus. You must be entrepreneurially minded and willing to work in a specialist team with big plans and blue chip City backers. They are on a fast growth curve whilst redefining the sector and setting new standards. A great career path, exposure to world class development and being in a fast growth, cutting edge and technical environment should appeal to you as a talented and ambitious Front End creative bursting with fresh Ideas and backed by demonstrable experience. You have paid your dues now it is time to flourish and take ownership of something exciting, progressive and rewarding. The role Focus of role is to be the lead Front End product developer. The Front End lead must be able to deal with the full LAMP stack  PHP/MySQL  but core responsibilities to include master minding the interfacing of the webapp Front End with our vast financial database Back End, and building modern user friendly UI components from scratch. This is an exciting opportunity for a developer with ambition and ability to take ownership of the Front End of an established, rapidly growing financial brand post their commercially buoyant launch in 2012. Career You must have the portfolio, tenacity and passion to handle the job  the project will have an outstanding package and incentives, including the opportunity to build the team as the company grows. Required skills and behaviour  5 years experience building websites/apps across the full LAMP stack  Strong Portfolio of Cutting Edge Front End Work  Problem solving skills  Attention to detail  Ability to work in fast paced environment  Ability to mentor junior developers as you will be capable of growing the team  Able to work alone remotely and as a part of a team  You are in the top percentile of ingenious developers and leave other developers standing Desirable experience of these or similar:  MVC Framework  Kohana/Symfony  ORMs  Doctrine/Kohana  Jquery, Backbone  Previous digital experience  Exposure to Agile  Exposure to Unit Testing  SEO awareness APPLY NOW FOR AN IMMEDIATE INTERVIEW WITH THE DIRECTOR/CTO today ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO LIVE AND WORK IN THE UNITED KINGDOM FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. Accelerit is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role.