Title: Senior Java Platform Engineer  Open Source Financial Software
Webindex: 71306847
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Senior Java Platform Engineer  Open Source Financial Software My client is an innovative software house providing a large scale distributed platform for analytics front office risk management for their clients in the financial services industry. Their goal: develop marketleading applications using modern approaches, in combination with the most cutting edge Open Source technology available. Founded by a team with extensive experience building such systems at some of the most prestigious investment banks hedge funds in London, the company is seeking a talented selfmotivated Java developer interested in developing first class software. Some characteristics you will need include: Experience using postJava **** with a good handle on the state of the art in thirdparty components and development, as well as having worked with lowlevel parts of the API, i.e. multithreading, Java **** Concurrency System etc Familiarity with distributed systems particularly using RESTful approaches to such development and use of message oriented middleware for asynchronous communications Experience with SQL databases, including writing and maintaining database schemas, JDBC, Spring JDBC Template. Prior experience with an ORM such as Hibernate is a plus. Most likely you will be an active member of the wider technical community, regularly attending conferences meet ups to aid your own development, and also contributing to Open Source projects in your spare time Here, you will be working in the best possible environment a technologist could wish for; an open plan social office with lots of natural light and a well stocked fridge, your own choice of workstation and no red tape reports, sat alongside some of the industry's most exceptional talent. Remuneration is excellent for the right candidate. For more information please send your CV to Jon. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorJavaPlatformEngineerOpenSourceFinancialSoftware_job****