Title: Project Engineer  IT
Webindex: 72454676
Company: Jonathan Lee Commercial
Description: IT Project Engineer  Oxford  Contract opportunity  Completive rates Our client is an iconic vehicle manufacturer based in Oxfordshire and due to investment of a new vehicle model, we are recruiting a number of positions to support with this exciting new launch. Opportunity to coordinate the introduction of new production based ITSystems and networks, develop and provide solutions and for existing IT systems in office and production. Ensure and enforce IT security for manufacturing systems Key Accountabilities  Evaluation/Concept studies for upcoming Process IT requirements within manufacturing in cooperation with internal and external partners  Provide fast and sustainable solutions for production based ITSystems and Networks (e.g. support of line running maintenance in case of an breakdown)  Responsibility and administration of manufacturing Production IT Systems e.g. a. Backup solution for process data b. Fileserver management and Intranet c. Administration of Production Clients d. Security Patch process e. Antivirus and Firewall management  Coordinate and oversee Rollout processes for office rental machines  Administration of new user accounts and smart phone applications Qualifications and Skills  Must have worked on IT systems within a manufacturing environment  Very good IT skills  Fluent English is essential and basic German is desirable  Educated to degree level or equivalent in an engineering or IT discipline The client is looking to interview ASAP. In order to be considered for this role please apply today. Please apply or for more information contact Steven Mann at Jonathan Lee Recruitment on **** **** Your CV will be forwarded to Jonathan Lee Recruitment, a leading engineering and manufacturing recruitment consultancy established in 1978. The services advertised by Jonathan Lee Contracts are those of an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectEngineerIT_job****