Title: Digital Marketing Manager Ellesmere Port, Merseyside
Webindex: 68700241
Company: Evolution Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Digital Marketing Manager. Ellesmere Port, Merseyside. Due to ongoing expansion, a market leading building data consultancy have an opportunity for an additional Digital Marketing Manager to join their busy and focused team. The company operates in the UK Construction sector and has an increasing number of contracts with major UK based companies. Founded in the ****'s, this market leading company have great knowledge in gathering, processing and delivering information on UK construction contracts. They are at the forefront of technology and strive to work with the best fit for purpose areas of technology. They offer all candidates a clear defined career path and excellent training and ongoing support. As a key member of the Marketing team, the Digital Marketing Manager (DMM) will be responsible for overseeing the delivery of digital marketing services currently encompassing SEO, Email Marketing, Social Media, Online PR and Online Brand Management. The DMM will ensure digital channels meet the company targets relating to growth, brand awareness, lead generation and revenue. Principal duties and responsibilities: • Helping to ensure that we stay abreast of all industry trends and emerging opportunities • Reporting to the directors regarding the performance of these digital channels • Creation of email marketing campaigns using internal data to include copywriting, using templated MessageFocus formats, potential for advanced use of Adestra MessageFocus for conditional content, testing and sending of mass email marketing • Working understanding of HTML and CSS design techniques • Knowledge working with teams responsible for backend databases to enable data capture and be comfortable working with different media and new platforms • Posting high level/data analysis driven brand awareness content to Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and Google accounts dealing with proactive/reactive comments on the web, obtaining customer feedback for testimonial purposes, internal liaison with Research team and Directors/Managers to obtain facts/stats to support social media activity. • Search engine optimisation and link building to ensure our websites are easily found by Google etc and copy writing web content. • Partner projects: Working with partner schemes from a marketing perspective, for example producing tailored copy, setting up bespoke RSS feeds for lead generation purposes, producing web copy and then liaising with the third party to ensure smooth roll out. Ellesmere Port is a commutable distance from Frodsham – Chester – Wirral – Birkenhead – Liverpool  Warrington Urgent role  please apply now Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DigitalMarketingManagerEllesmerePortMerseyside_job****