Title: Project Coordinator x ****  Outsourcing, Client Projects
Webindex: 67158413
Company: Capital Strategy Associates
Description: Project Coordinator x ****  Outsourcing, Client Projects Our client, an industry leading orgaisation has an exciting opportunity for a a number of Project Coordinators to join the client operations team within our client at offices near St Albans. The primary responsibility of this role is to be part accountable for the delivery of key projects along with the coordination of project resources in conjunction with other project managers / coordinators Managing, projec managing/coordinating and supporting a number of key client projects. Leading internal/external client meetings. Gathering small system changes and implementing the solutions direct into the system. Coaching and developing the offshore team. Supporting the Service Delivery Manager. Updating internal and external documentation. Supporting data management tasks. Carrying out internal acceptance testing for changes to internal systems. Responding to issued raised within the agreed SLA s Identifying root causes of issues and making recommendations for change. Educated to Degree level / A level Prior experience of at least one of the following: HR, outsourcing, Flexible Benefits, Pensions, Managed Payroll Services or HR Consultancy, or, equivalent experience implementing solutions in an outsourcing environment or service industry A basic understanding of Prince **** project management Proven experience of managing and supporting projects on a regular basis. External client interaction skills and ability. Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications, including Microsoft Project and Microsoft Visio Exposure to HRIS sysyems  ie SAP, Peoplesoft or Oracle You need to have excellent communication and influencing skills, with the ability to work effectively within a team environment. You will be adaptable and flexible and respond in a positive manner to change along with being reactive to meeting deadlines. You will have excellent problem solving and decision making capabilities even when working under ambiguous circumstances. Continually looking to improve and enhance current processes is critical along with the ability to share learning with the wider team. The ability to pull together a team of resources from multiple groups along with the ability to motivate them towards a common goal is a must have. If you have the experience required for this position then please apply today on the button to ConsultRPM  for immediate consideration. This is one of the best opportunities in the area for this type of role, should you meet the requirements above then we look forward to hearing from you. APPLY TO CONSULTRPM ON THE BUTTON. Due to the unprecedented volume of response we are currently receiving, regrettably, we are unable to respond to every application individually. If you have not heard back from us in 5 days, please assume your application has been unsuccessful, however your details will be entered on our database and we will be in contact when a suitable opportunity arises. In respect of the above advert, CS Associates is acting as a recruitment agency