Title: Web Development Manager (NET), to ****K
Webindex: 69037321
Company: Progression Recruitment
Description: We are really excited to be hiring for a London based marketleading Facebook API vendor who are highly profitable (with revenue rising exponentially every quarter) They are a real success story and people who join now are going to benefit from their phenomenal growth. They are a dynamic and successful (already profitable) post startup with a strong revenue stream, working in a new and exciting market. We're looking for smart, motivated people who love to find creative solutions to difficult problems. As a team you will work with a bunch of intelligent, focused and fun people who take great pride in what they do. You will have an opportunity to grow with a startup in a very exciting space, where there is still loads of room for innovation. Along the way you'll be able to hack around with some fun tech, like MongoDB and the Facebook API. Playing around on Facebook all day is part of the job. People who join now are very well placed for future growth; you will be working very closely with the business and will be a key member of the team. Great basic plus bonus plus benefits. This company is looking for a handson developer to lead the product development team in the continued enhancement and maintenance of their social advertising platform. You will be working in an agile environment delivering complex, critical and stable software. Their platform is a feature rich browserbased web app written extensively in Javascript on top of asp.net MVC backend. The ideal candidate will have experience in building complex, data rich web applications in the browser. As well as technical skills they will be relying on you to throw a design eye over all work undertaken by your team, they want you to take pride in your work. They are looking for a candidate who is enthusiastic, experienced and can deliver quality code to tight deadlines. Responsibilities: Translate wireframes into working features. Make architectural decisions about the frontend development. Produce beautiful HTML/CSS. Write and maintain complex Javascript. Work closely with Quality Engineering and Technical Operations to test and deploy product enhancements. Lead and mentor the product development team. Communicate with the other development teams to coordinate feature releases Required skills and experience: 5 years of Strong HTML5 and CSS 5 years of ASP.NET MVC 5 years of SQL Server 3 years of expert level Javascript, preferably using modern clientside frameworks (backbone,js etc) Experience in building complex browserbased web apps Design flair Experience leading a team. Desired Facebook Graph API . Twitter API HighCharts This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/WebDevelopmentManagerNETto****K_job****