Title: Internal Sales Account Manager ? IT Sales
Webindex: 69191104
Company: Webrecruit UK
Description: Internal Sales Account Manager  IT Sales Leatherhead, Surrey c**** Plus 21 Days' Holiday, Healthcare, Half Day Holiday on Birthday Are you a tenacious inside sales professional with a propensity to overachieve targets and a track record of selling within the IT industry? Looking to join a company which places a high value on employee satisfaction and aims to create a real sense of community? If so, read on. As a Gold Certified Cisco Partner, our client is a leading networking, telecommunication and data solutions company with corporate and government clients. An opportunity now has arisen for an Internal Sales Account Manager to join their team. As an Internal Sales Account Manager, you will be responsible for selling our client's services and solutions to new and existing accounts. You will be tasked with maximising the company's turnover and profit whilst developing accounts. Liaising with the marketing and lead generation departments, you will build new opportunities to create your own sales prospects. Playing a key role in ensuring successful achievement of team targets via upselling and cross selling, you will contact prospects via outbound calls and emails and promote and arrange client Innovation Centre bookings. Your other duties will include:  Ensuring all details of meetings and telephone conversations are proficiently documented within CRM  Contacting the customer base and promoting new products and services  Building lasting relationships with customers  Meeting and exceeding customer expectations  Liaising with ISAM staff at Cisco to ensuring you are abreast of updates and new products To be considered, you must have:  At least twelve months' inside sales experience  At least three years' experience of successful sales within the IT industry As an Internal Sales Account Manager, you must possess first class negotiation, problem solving and communication skills. A team player, you must be comfortable liaising with colleagues and customers at all levels of the business. To apply for the role of Internal Sales Account Manager, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Internal Sales Account Manager, Sales Account Manager, Account Manager, Customer Account Manager, Client Account Manager, Sales Executive, Key Account Manager, IT Sales Executive, IT Sales Representative, Business Development Executive, BDE, Sales Representative.