Title: Head of Enterprise Architecture (EA)
Webindex: 69849127
Company: UCAS
Description: Role Overview: UCAS is undergoing significant change in order to modernise how the business works. As part of this, the organisation has designed a target operating model (TOM) which covers a number of required outcomes including implementation of a new process architecture; a revised organisation design with enhanced capabilities and culture; defined core and target customers and markets; and need for strengthened governance and performance management. The Head of EA is required to support the delivery of the TOM by enhancing the UCAS change capacity and capability through developing and embedding ownership of the TOM and specifically implementation of the process architecture. They will be required to lead and manage the work of the UCAS Enterprise Architecture function ensuring development and oversight of the TOM as a blueprint for success that aligns the organisation s initiatives and defines the external and internal systems, employees, customers and suppliers, as well as how information is shared across these groups. Role Responsibilities:  Ownership of the enterprise architecture development lifecycle for UCAS.  Working closely with the business and technical staff and often alongside staff from other suppliers you will be fully competent in your own area and act as a key contributor in a complex and critical environment.  You will be required to coordinate the activities of others (internal staff, client staff, subcontractors, associates and staff from collaborating and/or competing suppliers) and will be expected to manage stakeholder expectations and requirements.  Ensuring that the application/systems, data and technology aspects of the enterprise architecture are driven by the business imperatives of the organisation and that the requirements driving the overall architecture are managed consistently and effectively.  Understanding and presenting the immediate/tactical and strategic benefits of adopting a consistent architectural approach within the context of the client s business to help the client justify his investments.  Assessing the requirements and presenting architectural recommendations that are in line with the strategic vision for the enterprise and wider best practice.  Providing leadership to the wider architecture and technical community and maintain constructive relationships with suppliers to allow effective and productive evaluation of vendor offerings against business requirements, constraints and priorities.  Ensuring that the various views comprising an enterprise architecture are consistent and coherent, at an appropriate level of detail and that changes are controlled so as to maintain consistency.  Advise on and participate in the governance arrangements set up to ensure that the enterprise architecture delivers the desired benefits to an organisation.  Serve as a subject matter expert for architectural frameworks, methods and tools.  Act as coach to advise and assist consultants, analysts, technical specialists and architects in any architecture disciplines.  Develop an enterprise and business architecture strategy and lifecycle based on awareness of various business scenarios and motivations.  Apply a structured enterprise architecture approach and methodology for capturing the key views of the organisation.  Develop a plan for addressing process architecture issues identified within the TOM and implement these with a robust delivery plan.  Ensure that the populated enterprise architecture framework is appropriate in the context of the organisation.  Work closely with the Finance, Organisational Development, Information Technology and Corporate Performance and Reporting functions to define the business architecture.  Effectively support governance forums including the Design Authority function in executing its role. Minimum Criteria:  Full life cycle experience for the development of a complete set of architectural views for an enterprise in accordance with one of the more common architecture frameworks (e.g. Zachman, TOGAF, DoDAF, MODAF, FEAF).  Strong business analysis skills and experience, including development of business vision and strategies, functional decomposition, requirements capture, process modelling.  Experience of at least one of the commonly ****;used methods, notations and tools (e.g. MooD, Rational Suite, METIS, Artisan, ISSE, System Architect, UML, RUP).  Experience of system of systems architecture development, partitioning of functionality among applications and components and application interfaces/interoperability concerns.  A broad, enterprisewide view of the business and varying degrees of appreciation for strategy, processes and capabilities, enabling technologies, and governance.  The ability to recognise structural issues within the organisation, functional interdependencies and crosssilo redundancies.  The ability to apply architectural principles to business solutions.  The ability to visualise and create highlevel models that can be used in future analysis to extend and mature the business architecture.  Extensive experience in planning and deploying both business and IT initiatives.  Exceptional communication skills and the ability to communicate appropriately at all levels of the organisation; this includes written and verbal communications as well as visualizations.  Team player able to work effectively at all levels of an organisation with the ability to influence others to move toward consensus.  Strong team leadership and management experience. If you are interested in applying for this vacancy please include your CV and a cover letter clearly stating your salary expectations and reasons for applying for the role. UCAS values diversity and is committed to equality of opportunity UCAS does not discriminate on grounds of age, nationality, race, ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation or disability