Title: PartTime B2B Telesales Executives – Glasgow
Webindex: 64032845
Company: Stratec
Description: PartTime B2B Telesales Executives Glasgow **** per hour  bonus We are currently recruiting for an experienced B2B Telesales Executives for a parttime outbound telesales role with our Telecoms client based in Glasgow City Centre. Candidates with a telecoms sales background would be of great interest, although we are also looking to consider candidates with a proven B2B sales background selling within other industries. This role would be ideal for someone looking for school hours. The hours will be Monday to Friday, 10.00am till 2.30pm. Applicants must have an excellent telephone manner and be very sales target driven. You will be selfmotivated and able to manage your own workload, and be able to source and create new sales opportunities for the business. If you meet our noted requirements for this role and would like to apply, please do so through the link provided. Alternatively, you can also send this to brianstratecbusiness.co.uk . A well written detailed CV along with a nongeneric covering letter specific to this vacancy will add significant weight to your application. Please note that due to time restrictions and the very specific client requirements for this role, only the most suitable of applicants will be contacted for this position. Candidates selected will also be subject to reference and dates of employment confirmation check from the very start of the process. Stratec is and operates as a recruitment agency in providing permanent jobseeking services, and as a recruitment business in providing temporary and contract jobseeking services. We primarily specialise in providing Sales Recruitment services for all businesscritical Internal (Telesales) External (Field Sales) sales positions across the UK. We source candidates with a proven track record of sales achievement, and work with clients that can deliver on candidate expectations. We are also proven and experienced in providing a valuable recruitment service in other sectors such as: Technical Engineering, IT, and Commercial / Office Support.