Title: ConsultantLondon Markets Insurance
Webindex: 68627526
Company: Xceed
Description: Xceed is an independent Professional Services firm specialising in delivery of IT and Business Change. Our core services focus on IT transformation programmes and our values are based on engendering trust by delivering added value through low risk and tailored solutions. Our Insurance Practice Consultants are responsible for onsite delivery for a specific client or multiple clients all within the London Market Insurance sector. The role performed will vary from: Data, Technical or Business Analyst through to Project Manager, however the key attributes and nonrole specific deliverables remain constant. Consultants exhibit excellent communication and client service skills and are comfortable working with the Senior Management of Xceed's Blue Chip Insurance client base. Our Consultants take ownership for their workstreams, are adaptable and demonstrate a strong delivery focus. Consultants are key within Xceed Group as they represent the day to day face' of Xceed and are integral to client satisfaction, ultimately achieved through successful delivery of the assigned work. Consultants objectives focus on personal utilisation and the delivery of a value add service and solutions for the end customer. Whilst not sales focussed Consultants are expected to be commercially aware and to contribute to the continued success of Xceed through participation in company meetings and teleconferences. Previous Consulting experience within the Insurance sector is a requirement for this position. We are not a strategy business; our core focus is on the delivery of technology (and some business) change. Therefore we're not for everyone, if you dislike ambiguity, feel most comfortable in a welldefined, narrow role and shy away from flexibility, adaptability and ambition then we're not for you. If, on the other hand you enjoy challenging yourself, bring passion positivity to your work and have a thirst for continual learning and improvement, then Xceed offers an environment in which you'll thrive prosper. By working to a defined set of personal objectives, you will be rewarded on your performance, not on the company's performance. Xceed is actively recruiting and looking to make multiple hires over the coming weeks so please do register your interest right away if your background fits the profile we've described. We pledge to respond to all applications, those with experience that match our search criteria will be invited for an initial interview with Resourcing.