Title: Support Engineer / Analyst  Huntingdon area
Webindex: 69688189
Company: Umano Consulting Ltd
Description: Technical Support Engineer / Support Analyst  Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire. Salary: ****k  ****k depending on experience. We are seeking to recruit an additional Technical Support Engineer / Support Analyst to join a busy and ambitious IT dept within an established and rapidly expanding organisation with offices throughout the UK. I would be interested in speaking with experienced candidates and recent graduates / junior candidates as we may have more than one position on offer. The Role: Based in my client s offices in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire and reporting to the Group Head of IT the successful candidate will be involved in all aspects of hardware / software support and ensuring the smooth operation of the business systems at this site. You will also work closely with internal and external teams ensuring the general maintenance of PC s, laptops and printers; Installing and configuring computer hardware operating systems and applications; Monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks and diagnosing and solving hardware/software faults. Exposure to Microsoft office, Citrix and support of ERP/MRP systems would be advantageous though not essential. The Person:  Experience working within a busy and handson technical support environment.  Third level qualification or equivalent (in IT preferable)  Ability to prioritise tasks based on the needs of the business and deal with users at all levels of the business  An excellent communicator, both verbally and written Experience in any of the following points would be advantageous but not essential for application:  Experience of reporting tools/cubes (advantageous)  Experience of supporting / administering an ERP system (advantageous)  Experience with SQL/Access (advantageous) This role may require travel to other sites therefore a full valid driving licence and access to a vehicle is essential. Apply: This role represents an exciting opportunity to join a cutting edge and rewarding IT function within a major organisation where skills and career progression are guaranteed. Further information supplied upon receipt of an up to date CV. We are seeking to shortlist within the next 6 days so immediate application is strongly advised