Title: Lead Developer/Tech Manager  Media  London
Webindex: 68708073
Company: Huntress Group
Description: I have an opportunity for a Technical Manager to join a rapidly growing business within their creative development team. The role would suit a developer who has experience of managing a team and is looking for the next step up in their career. The ideal Technical Manager would be someone who has a thorough understanding of both back and front end technologies, is comfortable managing a team of developers and is able to drive the team and the business in the right direction in a methodical, logical way. You should have a responsive yet logical approach to your work and whilst you will work to set processes, you'll be able to react effectively when faced by challenges. The day to day role will consist of general man management, allocation monitoring of work, putting together proposals of work, working closely with the sales team and monitoring the infrastructure. The business is moving away from the startup mentality and into it's 'maturing phase' and require someone who is able to come in and set processes that will help the business to become more stable and ensure everybody is working in the same, streamlined fashion. Required Skills: Strong understanding of front and back end technologies such as PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript etc Experience of managing a team Ability to work to set processes Strong attention to detail skills Good communication Ability to work to strict deadlines Desirable Skills: Understanding of Salesforce Understanding of hardware and infrastructure Experience of managing a team in a remote location To apply for this role and for an immediate interview, please forward your CV in Word format for consideration. Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadDeveloperTechManagerMediaLondon_job****