Title: Engineer  Electrical  large data centre environment
Webindex: 68544877
Company: Experis IT
Description: Engineer Electrical Engineering large data centre environment Docklands, London ****  ****  Benefits A Global organisation supplying business and financial information, financial markets knowledge and technology solutions, seeks an experienced Engineer to work within the critical engineering team and act as a subject matter expert in the field of electrical plant and systems employed in data centres. This company has over **** employees in more than 100 countries and a reputation for promoting a strong worklife balance for its employees. The Role The Engineer will be joining a small team of **** engineers. The role will be electrically biased but will also require a good understanding of all services and systems serving a typical data centre including mechanical and fire systems. The Engineer will be responsible for providing technical expertise and support to help manage and run the companys global portfolio of Data centres. The Engineer will have:  Ideally, a degree or masters in Electrical or Building Service Engineering. The qualification should allow progression to full membership of a professional institute, CIBSE, IEEE  At least 5 years professional experience in any combination of design, operations, maintenance, and project planning  Experience from a Data Centre environment  Understanding and knowledge of mechanical systems such as CRAC units, Chillers, Cooling Towers, Pumps, etc.  Understanding and knowledge of electrical systems such as critical Power Systems e.g. UPS, DC Systems, Generators, HVAC, Fire Suppression etc.  Ideally, background from the banking sector or a bluechip company The Opportunity and Benefits The successful Engineer will enjoy the opportunity to work in a large and complex data centre environment and as such, will get to further hone their technical skills. The culture of the organization is one that supports and encourages personal development and career progression and as such offer each individual a tailored selfdevelopment programme which can involve training courses and/or mentoring. The company believes in rewarding talent and hard work and as such, offers an impressive benefits package including private medical care, a dental plan, eye care, employer contribution to pension, share scheme, life assurance, longterm sickness benefit, long service awards, trading annual leave, employee assistance scheme, season ticket loan and more. Please send your CV through for immediate consideration.