Title: Analyst Developer/s
Webindex: 70455652
Company: Hays IT
Description: Our client, a Central Government agency, is the global leader in its market. Currently working on a major ICT programme to support the transformation of the organisation, they have immediate requirements for Analyst Developers to join their development teams where you'd be involved the design, creation, testing and documenting of large and/or complex software programs, regular software releases and performing program modifications to ensure that the systems are fully supported and that any problems are dealt with quickly and effectively in order to minimise impact to current operations. The development teams provide development and support activities for over **** applications. With requirements to move from paper to digital products and services, as well investment by the organisation in improving information technology and systems, there is major programme of migration, reengineering and upgrade projects being undertaken across the next 35 years. As an Analyst Developer, you will use your analysis skills to suggest and implement solutions to technical development problems, supporting the organisations IT applications through the full development life cycle. You will also help to reduce or eliminate the organisation's reliance on out of date or unsupported software. Responsibilities will include developing complex large applications and enhancing existing applications, including the organisation flagship digital product, along with the provision of technical advice to internal and external customers. You will be analysing customer requirements and problems, then generating potential solutions, implementing solutions to problems and documenting changes to the system and application architecture overviews. You will be required to plan, design and conduct tests of programs; correct errors and retest to achieve an errorfree result, as well as constructing, interpreting and executing test plans to verify correct operation of completed systems. You will conduct reviews and provide feedback on supplied specifications, supporting colleagues with guidance and assistance on program design, creation, testing and documentation. This role is part of a team responsible for providing twentyfour/seven support for key systems on an oncall rota basis. The successful candidates will be experienced Analyst Developers with strong communication and problem solving skills. They will have previously worked within an application development and support role, possess good analytical skills and enjoy problem solving, as well as having a keen focus on continuous improvement. Excellent team players, pro active and positive in approach, experienced in delivering IT development and support services within an ITIL framework and internal market environment. Candidates will need hands on experience and knowledge of the following: C or VB.NET (.Net **** or later), IIS/DNS, Windows Server (**** or later) and Oracle or SQL Server. Also, some experience with any one, or more, of the following: C++, ASP.NET (.Net **** or later), SQL, HTML, JavaScript, SharePoint. It would be beneficial to have prior experience of working within a service delivery environment with a good understanding of the ITIL framework, UMLbased design documentation, designing and writing unit tests for their source code and Macromedia Dreamweaver, Redgate SQL Monitor, NUnit/Resharper/Subversion/Jenkins, Visual Studio ****/**** Jenkins. This is a really great opportunity to work within an Agile software development team, in a highly respected organisation with excellent opportunities and other benefits. Employees benefit from civil service status, with access to range of benefits and facilities, but also enjoy the challenge and stimulation of a commercial environment. Some roles also benefit from additional 'on call' allowance payments. As an Investor in People, this organisation offers excellent training opportunities from the induction to professional development and further education. In addition to job training they also offer help with and actively encourage learning, career development, secondments and progression. If you meet the above criteria and have the skills and experience required, apply now online with your up to date CV, contact details, availability and salary expectations. Please note applicants must be British/Irish Republic/Commonwealth state/EEA nation Citizens. Successful applicants will require DVA security clearance and will, therefore, need to have resided in the UK for a minimum of 5 years. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website.