Title: Project Manager (Agile)
Webindex: 69249802
Company: Eden Scott Ltd
Description: Eden Scotts client who are a market leading Consultancy are looking for an experienced Project Manager with experience of delivering projects using Agile and waterfall methodologies. In an exciting and varied role you will working on client sites to successfully manage full blown projects, potentially covering multiple technologies. You will ensure that all objectives of these projects are met to the satisfaction of clients. Therefore strong experience of interacting with personnel at all levels to advise and coach on the implementation and adoption of Agile techniques is required. Experience and Competencies Required include: Essential Skills  Proven experience of project delivery following Agile methodologies.  Proven experience of project delivery following waterfall methodologies.  Conveys information in a clear, structured and understandable manner.  Fosters effective and productive working relationships.  Develops and maximises potential of colleagues through coaching.  Delegates and allocates work effectively.  Demonstrates awareness of budgetary constraints.  Writes clear and concise documentation.  Excellent presentation skills.  Good negotiating skills builds consensus.  Deals with clients/stakeholders in a sensitive and diplomatic manner.  Organises and plans projects effectively.  Takes responsibility for projects/workload and sees it through.  Demonstrates an ability to clearly communicate ideas and concepts verbally to groups of mixed ability.  Methodical, orderly and systematic approach to work.  Analytical, seeks out solutions to problems through analysis and consideration. Desirable:  Experience of either Data warehousing or Business Intelligence technologies. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of managing projects using Agile methodologies, who understands a development environment (very beneficial to have came from a hands on development background) and can implement appropriate recommendations and solutions. Candidates must be mobile and be prepared to work on clients sites (Majority of work will be in and around the London/M25 area) , and in other areas of the UK when clients projects require. Package includes an Annual performance bonus paid in April, (minimum guarantee that will be about 20% of basic if meeting utilisation targets) Holiday of 25 days plus public Up to 6% pension contribution when matched by employee Home based, ie all expenses after leaving house