Title: SAP Analyst
Webindex: 68685538
Company: CMS Distribution Ltd
Description: The start of a new era CMS Distribution is the new name for CCI Distribution CMS Peripherals from January **** st 2013. We are a value added distribution company focused on bringing the right opportunities to the Reseller Retailing community. A much larger portfolio of products for our customers and many more customers for our Vendors  a solid platform for growth, onwards and upwards We are looking for a professional individual to join the IT team to work on a project to support them in an SAP ECC ‘go live’ as it rolls out to the Group.This is a unique and challenging opportunity which will include testing and tracking through to resolution, general user assistance, training, documentation updating, user role modification and loads more. You will be responsible for working with the IT team and the IT manager to develop our systems, support and help coordinate within the Company. You will sit within a team of three reporting into the IT Manager in Harrogate. To succeed in this role, you’ll be bright, energetic and passionate about IT and distribution. You will be managing lots of different information sources and IT systems (especially SAP), as well as working across different sites and/or formats, so you’ll have to have flexibility, commercial and technical experience and be highly organised as well as a whiz at multitasking. You’ll keep on top of everything through your excellent time management and keen eye for detail. You'll be a natural at operating to a high level on SAP with EDI and IDOC experience. This is an excellent opportunity for someone looking to build a career in the world of IT. If you’re up for the challenge and can see yourself working in a fast moving, expanding Company that is rapidly expanding, we'd love to hear from you as soon as possible. Skills A great candidate for this role will have: A good degree from a top university; in our experience, people who really enjoy this kind of role are people with a Technical IT/, business, engineering or science background  2 years of technical SAP experience  Operational high level understanding of SAP  Understanding of customising in IMG and transports  Skilled knowledge of one or more of the following modules: SD, MM, PP, FI, CO  ABAP understanding / basic skills  Flexible and adaptable attitude with great self time management skills Bags of initiative Commercial competence with the ability to train and explain processes and systems A keen eye for detail Have strong communication skills with the ability to build relationships quickly and work cross functionally  Be able to Work to tight deadlines  Have the ability to keep several plates spinning at once If you think you fit the bill, then we would love to hear from you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAPAnalyst_job****