Title: Technical Accounting Advisor
Webindex: 71681977
Description: A new and exciting job opportunity for a qualified ACA/ACCA to join this international business based in Camberley. We are currently recruiting for a Technical Accounting Advisor to ensure that our client is able to prepare accurate financial statements in accordance with IFRS and local GAAP that pass external audit requirements. You ll assist in the accounting requirements for complex projects in the bidding and execution phases, and support internal business projects requiring accounting input. This is an excellent role to gain exposure to all levels within Europe and provide your expertise and knowledge to solve issues and provide training and support. Advise group businesses as the 'topic expert' on accounting issues arising from business changes, acquisitions, disposals, and changes in accounting and reporting requirements. Developing and improving processes for accounting and reporting required for internal and external purposes, and providing training to Finance personnel on the application of those processes. You will support the work of the Group Accountants by providing technical support and preparing written accounting papers as necessary Excellent working knowledge of IFRS accounting standards is key to this role Should have professional accounting qualification Some knowledge of M A, tax and legal requirements for companies IT literate, capable in Excel , Word, Outlook Strong working knowledge of financial reporting and implementation guidelines, circulars, SOX requirements and other performance measurement guidance Strong working knowledge of accounting and auditing skill and practices Must have worked in external audit function to gain proven experience preferably with a Big 4 firm. Preferable have some direct or indirect (e.g. by auditing ) experience in tax, acquisition activity, financial reporting. Must have some staff supervision / coaching experience or worked on cross dept projects. Strong English (spoken and written). Knowledge of other languages preferred (German, Dutch, Nordic, Polish). Must have good technical experience with ability to give technical accounting advice with in depth knowledge of IFRS. Ideal background for this role would be practice trained within an audit environment and exposure to IFRS.