Title: Microsoft Technical UC Consultant
Webindex: 69018994
Company: Logic
Description: Job Title: Microsoft UC Consultant Location: London Office A Microsoft Gold Certified Partner is seeking a talented Microsoft UC Consultant to join an experienced and dynamic Professional Services team. You will be degree qualified in an IT related discipline and ideally hold additional Microsoft certifications. You will be able to demonstrate a high level of knowledge across the MS enterprise technology stack (ideally including the various features of Lync including Instant Messenger, Enterprise Voice and Office Integration) As you will be the subject expert matter for this technology you must be well presented and have excellent communication skills, both in face to face discussions along with documentation. Your role will include: Design, implement and deploy Microsoft Lync 20****0 infrastructure into enterprise level clients (across multiple geographies) Liaise with clients to gather requirements Collaborate with other IT technical teams to define and develop documented procedures; implement service and system monitoring and alerting; provide extended support and system monitoring and alerting; provide extended support. Work alongside sales and pre sales staff to ensure architecture is accurate Recommend and document infrastructure improvements. Propose and articulate technical directions to other IT teams. Take ownership of project based work Qualifications / Experience / Technical Skills: Tertiary qualified in an IT related discipline Ideally hold Microsoft certifications: MCSE, MCTS, MCITP or MCM. A minimum of 1 year experience in OCS/Lync migration, implementation and support Experience in Network environments: DNS, TCP/IP, VPN, SMTP, Firewalls; As well as Active Directory. Practical experience with design, configuration and support of call routing, local survivability, voicemail and call centre Experience in power scripting to automate processes in Microsoft Lync. Hands on Microsoft Lync 2010 experience in production environments and multiple projects. Advanced problem solving and troubleshooting. Demonstrable successful project delivery Excellent customer service and customer facing skills Good communication, presentation and organisational skills Benefits: **** Holiday Days, Training support, Contributory Stakeholder Pension scheme, Private Health Insurance, Healthcare Cash Plan, Gym Membership Subsidy, Travel Ticket Loan, Cycle to Work Scheme