Title: RF IC Design Engineer  Technical Leader
Webindex: 69892333
Description: Semiconductor company based in the UK seeks Technical Lead RF IC Design Engineer with experience of: RF/Analog(Analogue) IC Design, CMOS, NFC, RFID, leadership, management, power amplifiers, LNAs, mixers, PLLs, rectifiers, regulators, synthesizers, filters, ADCs and DACs. Our client has a unique and exciting opportunity for a Technical Lead RF/Analog IC Design Engineer with proven management skills to take on a leadership position within an existing team of design experts based along the M4 corridor in the UK. Working on the fascinating technology involved in Near Field Communications (NFC) product lines as well as Bluetooth power amplifiers, lownoise amplifiers, mixers, PLLs, rectifiers, regulators, synthesizers and IF filters. The position requires the ability to handle resource assignments and prioritise work loads across the team, to be the design lead on projects and to debug technical issues and guide the overall design strategies and flows essentially taking on the responsibilities of a hands on technical design manager. The successful Technical Leader will have established and proven experience in Analog and RF IC Design with specific expertise on RF CMOS design. You must have the ability and experience to lead as well as work well within an existing team of designers. Experience is required in the majority of the following areas: Radio transmitter and receiver architectures, performance and tradeoffs, ADCs and DACs, Antenna and interface circuit design preferably for NFC applications, Low noise amplifiers (LNA), mixers, power amplifiers, filters, PLL and synthesiser design. Proven track record on successful team and project management is for RF/Analog IC design engineers. Excellent communications skills is a must. If you are looking for a new challenge to take your technical knowledge and leadership skill to the next level then contact Leon at IC Resources today to apply. IC Resources  your first contact for Analog / RF IC jobs globally