Title: Business Analyst, Solihull
Webindex: 70141184
Description: Business Analyst  Senior (Software House)  Solihull If you are an experienced Business Analyst and would like an exciting opportunity to join a growing industry leading software house and be involved in substantial development projects apply today The Business Analyst role will be focused towards gathering requirements and design, working as part of an experienced team to liaise with internal and external clients. The successful candidate will also get involved in testing when required. Applicants will need to be well organised and have substantial drive and ambition. This role would suit someone who has worked within a small software house environment. The Business Analyst role will involve all of the following: Liaising extensively with external or internal clients. Capturing Requirements by analysing; existing products, relevant legislation, industry codes, working practices and by working directly with clients. Ability to map and remodel processes as part of requirements elicitation. Translating client requirements into software Design Suites. Taking part and organising peer reviews of project deliverables. Identifying options for potential solutions and assessing them for both technical and business suitability. Drawing up specific proposals for new, modified or replacement products. Presenting proposals to clients and senior management. Working closely with developers and a variety of end users to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction. Day to day management of change requests in relation to the project plans. Managing all Stakeholder s expectations and needs. Planning and working flexibly to a deadline. Development of end user documentation. Keeping up to date with technical and industry sector developments. Post project reviews; writing up results, including getting feedback on implementation of released products from clients. Agile methodology Willing to be involved in all aspects of projects; particularly design, planning and testing. Based in Solihull but with travel expected. Full UK driving licence is required. The JM Group and JM Digital are acting as an Employment Agency with relation to this vacancy. The JM Group and JM Digital are an Equal Opportunities employer and we encourage applicants from all backgrounds