Title: Technical PreSales Engineer (Video Conferencing & Streaming)
Webindex: 71469451
Company: Technology Resourcing
Description: Title: Technical PreSales Engineer (Video Conferencing & Streaming) Type: Permanent Ref: DBJS/TR[blocked] Our client delivers hosted (and onpremise) businessclass video services, covering both videoconferencing and enterprise quality video streaming, to a range of corporate professional services clients. They are an independent company at the early stages of a structured growth plan to become the UK’s leading provider of hosted video solutions by 2016. Using their new generation of ondemand VideoasaService solutions they aim to 'make HD video collaboration services simple and affordable for everyone'. Their services include Consultancy, Installation, Technical Support and Maintenance. As part of their growth they are now keen to hire a Technical PreSales Engineer whose duties will include: •Understand the client’s business and system requirements and specifications •Prepare technical and commercial proposals to present to clients •Provide onsite and remote demonstrations •Provide detailed narratives for proposed solutions •Develop / contribute to the development of the company product strategy and the implementation of customer services •Engaging effectively with senior IT professionals in both corporate clients and vendors •Providing a consultative service to both technical and nontechnical managers and endusers •Supporting the Sales Managers at presale stage Suitable candidates should be able to demonstrate the following: •Sound knowledge of video conferencing and associated collaboration technologies •Experience of Cisco, Polycom, LifeSize, Radvision videoconferencing, IPTV, Video Streaming and Smart collaboration solutions would be distinctly preferable. •Experience of MS Windows Server, Exchange and Lync are also highly desirable. •Good understanding of IP network topology. •Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, able to build strong rapport. •Experience of writing and delivering training programmes and presentations. •Willing to undertake industry training and exams for certification • Comfortable working both as part of a team and on your own. This is a unique opportunity to join a company in the early stages of their growth, offering the opportunity to progress your career into management (and potentially director level for the right individual) as the company expands over the coming years. Applications are also welcomed from individuals who wish to work a shorter week – maybe a flexible 34 days/week or **** – ****:****hrs? Video Jobs . Technology Resourcing is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.