Title: Net C Team Leader  Leicester, Leicestershire
Webindex: 71566183
Company: MAPP Ltd   IT & Business Management Recruitment Specialists
Description: .Net C Team Leader  Leicester, Leicestershire .Net C Team Leader required to provide leadership and direction to the developers and testers within the team in order to deliver effective, good quality systems in a timely manner. The Team Leader is expected to manage the workload across the development and test teams to ensure projects are delivered to cost, quality and timescales, as well as performing as daytoday technical lead for all Systems. The role involves linemanagement responsibility for a team of Developers, Senior Developers and Test Analysts and deputising for the Project Manager as appropriate. Responsibilities: Work with the business and technical teams to translate business requirements into design specifications, code and applications to deliver solutions that meet the functional business requirements. Work with the Business Analyst and testers to create detailed scenarios and test scripts to ensure effective quality control of each solution. Create and maintain detailed development and test plans for each project and manage progress against these, escalating resource or prioritisation conflicts to the Project Manager where appropriate. Work with **** rd Party Suppliers where necessary to ensure requirements are understood and enhancements will be fit for purpose as well as ensuring deadlines are being met. Provide daytoday technical leadership to the development and test team to achieve project deliverables within agreed standards, including guidance and assistance to colleagues in any aspect of program design, testing and documentation. Provide analytical and programming skills support across a range of platforms. Produce management reports as required by the Project Manager and/or Account Manager. Perform team member appraisals at least twice per year, as well as holding regular one to ones and team meetings. Work with team members to develop their technical and personal skills whilst providing guidance, direction and motivation. Provide escalation cover for outofhours support and key events. Provide system support in response to business needs, responding to and resolving defects and executing preventative maintenance solutions where possible. Ensure integrity, availability and the security of information and systems. Ensure team standards and working practices regularly reviewed and are understood and adhered to. Take part in evaluations and reviews of development and testing methodology, tools and standards with a view of promoting continual improvement within the team. Communicate and represent the team effectively at all levels; including (but not exclusive to) external companies, business users and other systems departments Stand in and represent the Project Manager in their absence. Qualifications Essential: Proven programming expertise in C .NET (**** ****), VB scripting, XML, JavaScript, Ajax, jQuery and ASP within an application and web environment. Strong understanding of MVC patterns and web services development. Proven experience of developing with SQL Server databases (**** ****) including DTS and SSIS. Either existing ability or willing to learn new technologies (Java, SSIS, HTML5) Experience of managing a development team and performing in the role of technical lead/developer. Experience of managing a test team throughout the full test lifecycle. Ability to effectively plan and prioritise workloads and to measure and report on current progress. Excellent understanding of development and test best practice and methodologies. Proven ability to interpret technical documentation, architectures and functional specifications. Ability to work to strict deadlines, remain positive and calm under pressure. Excellent research and analysis skills with strong problem solving skills and the ability to analyse existing systems for enhancements and support resolutions. Have a proven ability to analyse complex systems accurately and create technical specifications based on that analysis. Good leadership skills and a proven track record of delivery in a dynamic and reactive delivery environment. Ability to work in a challenging and demanding environment with changing priorities. Commercially aware with capability to understand business issues and key events A team player who is hardworking and highly selfmotivated. Strong interpersonal and communication skills. .Net C Team Leader  Leicester, Leicestershire This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NetC%****TeamLeaderLeicesterLeicestershire_job****