Title: Python Developer/Senior Python Developer
Webindex: 55409660
Company: JOBG8
Description: Python Developer/Senior Python Developer (Open Source) We're Trader Media Group  the UK's most successful Automotive Digital business. With household brands such as Auto Trader, we continue to build on our **** year heritage of leading the innovation and creativity that drives the UK's automotive industry. It is an exciting time to be here and we'd love for you to join our growing award winning team. As one of the leading agile product development teams in the UK, building the latest products and features on some of the busiest and most successful consumer facing web and mobile apps, we're always looking to hire top talent who are up for a challenge. We operate a high paced, collaborative and innovative environment where likeminded individuals come together to form great teams. If you're motivated, driven and you pay particular attention to delivering technical excellence then you may be just what we're looking for Deltapoint has been recently acquired by Trader Media Group. Trader Media Group, which also owns Auto Trader, 2nd Byte and Autotrade mail, operates in the UK, Ireland, and South Africa and is expanding on its winning formula: giving trade customers the opportunity to choose all effective channels to market; building the service and relationship with dealers and manufacturers; and strengthening its portfolio of automotive and specialist classified titles. As part of the Deltapoint business unit, the developer is required to create complex, enterprisetransforming business applications, writing high quality code as well as focus on continual learning and development. This is an excellent opportunity for developers with a good technical background and indepth knowledge of creating and supporting Web/Ecommerce applications, to further their career with a leading organisation. Some key activities include:  To contribute to the design and solution to complex business problems through innovative and reliable technology solutions.  To do handson coding either working alone or others,  To share knowledge and learning with other team members.  To build constructive working relationships everyone in the department and members of other departments, both technical and managerial and to communicate effectively.  To develop system and product knowledge along with an increasing appreciation of the associated business needs and requirements.  To ensure the quality of code by refactoring and reviewing. Required Experience To succeed in this role you will have experience in  Python  Django Framework  MySQL Skills such as HTML, Javascript, CSS are highly desirable The role is for someone with strong development skills in web based application. You will be a great communicator, highly motivated, passionate about delivering quality code and comfortable working in a fast paced, collabrotive and innovative environment Salary & Benefits This role offers a competitive salary of upto $**** plus a great flexible benefits package.