Title: Project Manager / Lead Business Consultant
Webindex: 71564847
Company: Premier Group Recruitment
Description: Position: Project Manager / Lead Business Consultant Location: Holborn Salary: ****  **** Description: We are looking for a Project Manager/ Lead Business Consultant with 34 years experience in Business Systems. Candidates must have relevant experience working onsite with retail clients and must demonstrate knowledge and enthusiasm of Loss Prevention and Integration within Retail. The position offers candidates a superb opportunity to join our Services and Operations Group to work on a number of different projects, many of which are high profile, enterprise class solutions for major Blue Chip/FTSE 100 clients. The successful candidate will be working with likeminded professionals in a rapidly growing, award winning business, where excellent career prospects are provided. The candidates will offer and be responsible for the following: ? Represents project stakeholders; carries out stakeholder analysis and management and is able to translate technical issues ? Understands the needs of the business; models and analyses business problems and opportunities and defines the solution scope ? Gathers and interprets information; validates and prioritises requirements ? Develops business cases and evaluates the business benefits brought about by a solution ? Supports users through transition (structures and delivers training) ? Understands technology's potential and its limitation ? Builds relationships; has strong collaboration, negotiation and influencing skills ? Project planning, organisation and initiation ? Monitoring and controlling delivery (manages risks, issues, progress) ? Manages resources (includes people management) ? Defines and manages project controls (such as tolerance, quality, change, configuration) In addition, strong interpersonal skills are vital and on occasion, the Consultant may be required to carry out feasibility studies, conduct research. Successful candidates will have demonstrable experience in a project management position with a solid background in Business Systems Analysis. Familiarity of different methodologies, particularly agile/iterative is also preferred. Experience with Business Intelligence and integration solutions is desirable. We are also strongly considering PRINCE**** or IIBA qualified candidates, or those working towards a qualification. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a company and team which is going trough a period of growth, offering fantastic promotion and training opportunities. So if you are looking to progress your career please don't hesitate to get in touch. Please submit all CV's to mwatkinspremierlondon.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProjectManagerLeadBusinessConsultant_job****