Title: Application Support  ACCESS
Webindex: 69687092
Company: Modis International Limited
Description: Application Support Specialist required  ACCESS  Based Tadworth, Surrey  Up to **** plus benefits Modis UK are currently recruiting for an Application Support Specialist working with ACCESS to join a leading life and pensions provider based in Kingswood, Surrey. As a permanent employee, you will benefit from a competitive basic salary and benefits scheme. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Support the definition, analysis and documentation of detailed technical business requirements for the Access String Scheme Admin application, liaising with the Change Team and business. To develop and maintain the complex Access applications that are utilised within the department. To assist in the development of robust, scalable and maintainable business applications. Prepare develop management information (MI) and financial reporting data as requested by the BPA management team using programming tools. Communicate effectively with colleagues, third parties and senior managers at all points of the project lifecycle to ensure that systems and processes are developed to expected quality and schedule. To be aware of and comply with requirements of regulatory and legal authorities and internal risk management frameworks and the need to treat customers fairly at all times. SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED Access development and support with experience developing applications in Access and VBA . Knowledge of SQL, experience with connectivity to SQL Server, Oracle or other. Development Experience in a Technical IT environment. Ability to develop and manipulate data using Excel spreadsheets. Excellent problem solving skills and analytical skills. Have a proactive approach to their work and excellent communication skills, clear and concise, both verbally and in writing, in a way thats appropriate to the audience. Knowledge of defined benefit pension schemes would be advantageous. Knowledge of databases and business objects would be advantageus Interested? Send your CV for more information.