Title: ECommerce Web Developer (C, ASPNet, SQL Server)
Webindex: 69670514
Company: Sovereign Business Resources Limited
Description: Ecommerce Web Developer (ASP.NET, C, SQL Server) We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced ASP.NET, C web developer to join our client s small, dedicated team based in Essex. You will be working on a number of ecommerce projects and will have the opportunity to develop your skills and experience, including both development and application support involvement. You will ideally be educated to degree standard, achieving a good grade (preferably with a computer science or software engineering or equivalent degree) and possess full software project life cycle experience with a proven development background in the skills listed. You will also need a passion for the web, a strong work ethic, and a proven track record for delivering projects. Essential Skills ASP.NET with C essential, preferably at least 3 years experience. (.NET version 2.0/****) or alternatively a high calibre recent graduate with .NET knowledge Web Services, consuming and creating. (examples can be WSE, WCF or ASP.NET Web API) Object Oriented practices Commercial ecommerce experience of high transactional systems. Good English and documentation skills Structured organised programmer with full software lifecycle experience. SQL Server 2008 experience (TSQL, BIDS, performance tuning) Source code version control (examples can be SVN or Git) branching and merging. Unit Testing (examples can be MSTest or NUnit) Optimisation and code profiling. Refactoring, improving, and restructuring legacy code in order to improve quality, add features, and allow unit testability. Highly Desirable Skills JavaScript frameworks (preferably jQuery). Standards compliant, crossbrowser, accessible HTML ****/XHTML and CSS 2 (and some CSS 3). ASP.NET MVC ORM Frameworks (examples can be NHibernate or Entity Framework) Application support, fault finding and bug fixing. Desirable Skills AJAX and JSON Continuous Integration Knowledge of agile/XP practices Basic experience with IIS If you are an ECommerce Web Developer and are seeking an opportunity to work within an exciting environment, please apply immediately to be considered for this role Sovereign Business Resources Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.