Title: SharePoint Developer  Leading Microsoft Gold Partner (Digital Agency)
Webindex: 69786060
Company: Dot Net Resourcing
Description: SharePoint Developer  Leading Microsoft Gold Partner (Digital Agency) My client, one of the country's leading digital agencies, are currently seeking experienced SharePoint developers to join their London based team at what is a very exciting period of growth within the company. They have nearly doubled in size over the last two to three years, and have ambitious plans to continue this expansion, with around **** new hires expected within the next 1218 months. In order to attract the correct level of candidate, my client have put together an attractive package which includes a salary ranging ******** p/a dependent upon experience and suitability. They are also able to offer market leading training, and are keen advocates of ensuring that all employees gain certifications and attend various conferences/courses where suitable. The company are also currently trialling SharePoint 2013, with this being a true indicator of their specialisation and seriousness of being a key player within the market. Job Requirements You should have consulvative experience, and have an in depth knowledge of working with SharePoint **** 2010. You must be able to demonstrate skills in developing, configuring, managing and administrating a SharePoint environment. Experience of using Design Patterns Powershell It is desirable to have an up to date Microsoft certification (the company also look to incentivise this for employees) You must be able to clearly and effectively communicate to both technical and non technical audiences. You must be able to develop features and packaged solutions for deployment as WSP files. You must understand test coverage and have developer test plans. You must have experience in using Scripting languages to deploy SharePoint solutions. There is great scope within the company for internal progression, with it being down to you, the employee, which route is your preference; consulting, development or integration. If you feel that you are suitable for this position then please don't hesitate to contact me ASAP to discuss further. Dot Net Resourcing are acting as a recruitment agency in relation to this vacancy, and are a specialist recruitment consultancy of Microsoft skilled professionals in UK and Europe. SharePoint Developer  Leading Microsoft Gold Partner (Digital Agency)