Title: Graduate, Test, Developer, Analyst
Webindex: 69546483
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Graduate, Test, Developer, Analyst My client is an industry leading software development that requires a graduate level analyst to join their London based team. This is a fantastic opportunity for a motivated and intelligent graduate to join a top tier financial software organisation, and gain invaluable experience that will only benefit their future career. The successful candidate should have an IT related degree as they will be expected to complete a test prior to interviewing. The position offers a rotation scheme for one year in different areas of the company spanning across testing and development, after completion the graduate will sit down with the manager and together decide where their career best lies. The company are dedicated to using cutting edge technologies and work in a highly agile environment. The role also offers the opportunity for a client facing position  the graduate will be fully involved in the business and encouraged to develop these crucial skills. Therefore, if you want to build a successful and high achieving career in IT this is the best possible company to do so in. Required Skills:  An individual with of a strong academic calibre 2.1 Degree or above in IT, Science or engineering  Knowledge of programming languages, such as OO and JAVA  Automation testing knowledge is desirable  Understanding of Agile methodology  A passion for IT and desire to build a strong career in IT  Excellent communication skills This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a top financial services company and benefit from cutting edge technology. The role offers the opportunity to get solid experience in a leading financial services company whilst remaining to work in a casual and informal environment. If you are an enthusiastic graduate, who is passionate about testing and keen to further your career in the financial industry this is the perfect role. If you have the relevant experience and are interested in finding out more information then please get in touch with Rose at or call on **** **** **** in full confidence. All information is confidential and no applications will be made on your behalf prior to a full briefing on the position. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/GraduateTestDeveloperAnalyst_job****