Title: Business Analyst  Reinsurance  Solution Provider  Permanent
Webindex: 69571187
Company: IPS
Description: Business Analyst  Reinsurance  Solution Provider  Permanent Excellent Global solution provider who has a significant presence in the Insurance sector is seeking a Business Analyst ideally with significant knowledge in the Reinsurance sector  who has the follow experience and capabilities. Takes ownership of business requirements and issues in the overall context of the processes of a relevant insurance organization or market, specializing in the area of Reinsurance eg Lloyd's, London Market, global operations, or large commercial insurers. Understands, investigates, develops and improves business processes. Understands and assists clients to formulate and express business objectives and their relation to any strategic goals. Considers and proposes solutions whether in terms of overall application architecture, enhancements, configuration, new or improved processes, or better use of existing facilities. Presents, documents, and discusses solutions in a knowledgeable, credible and convincing manner to all levels of seniority, externally and internally. Communicates clearly and unambiguously to developers and others, and helps to analyse and resolve issues. Encourages, mentors and educates others, and is able to manage actual or virtual teams in a wide range of activities including workshops, studies, and project work strands with little or no supervision. Has the flexibility to deploy skills at any stage of the business life cycle, for example in product development, presales, implementation, support and training. The successful candidate will have the following attributes and abilities Credibility with clients and the business community. Ability to lead and influence opinions in a consultative cooperative manner. Problem solving and analytical skills. Clear, concise and thorough communication, written and verbal Designs appropriate solutions according to quality, time, cost, and risk criteria. Ability to participate in information gathering activities, meetings and discussions in a contributory and cooperative manner. Develops Industry and application knowledge Domain knowledge (business and application) To discuss the full nature of the tasks and responsibilities of this excellent career opportunity with this major brand call Gerard Gibson.