Title: Solutions Architect  Integration and Web apps
Webindex: 71198194
Company: Matchtech Group Plc
Description: Solutions Architect  Integration and Web apps  Do you have Solutions Architecture experience ie Blueprinting for enterprise level Web Apps and Integration / Middleware (eg Tibco or Biztalk)? Could you be interested in working for a high profile end user corporate company where you will get the opportunity to work on a breath of projects? High calibre individual with a confident and outgoing personality is needed to be part of an Architecture team in a highly distributed environment. You will like dealing with different type of people both internally, and externally with suppliers and partners. You will be interested in working across different technologies and not be looking to specialise into one area. In the role the main areas you will get involved in are Web based apps and Integration / middleware systems. You will mainly be involved in Blueprinting solutions for those areas. You will not need to the technology inside out but will be aware of the considerations and be able to work with suppliers to pull the solutions together. Therefore strong interpersonal skills are needed. The core technologies used are: Java, Oracle, Weblogic, Biztalk, and MS Dynamics. You should have good exposure to those or equivalents. To be suitable for this role you will need: Computer sciences or other technical degree. Equivalent experience through professional certification and work based learning in environments demanding this level of qualification will be considered. Wide ranging solutions architecture experience obtained from senior technical roles on significant projects in complex industries using diverse technical architectures. Substantial technical experience obtained from the successful delivery of large, critical business applications  COTS and/or bespoke with significant integration requirements. Beneficial: Business applications experience of one or more: C2B and B2B web applications; CRM, ERP or MRO systems; work force planning systems. Technologies good experience of two or more: Weblogic, BizTalk, Oracle databases and database modelling, web architectures, SharePoint, BI/OLAP tools, IAM. A good appreciation of hardware and network infrastructure concerns e.g. DNS, load balancers, virtualisation, design for DR/HA and performance, capacity planning. SOA and messaging technologies Project technical leadership: Ability to provide leadership and direction for cross functional technical teams effectively exploiting the capabilities of both internal and outsourced technical resources. Experience of a formal architecture methodology whether bespoke or based on a recognised standard. Able to deal with uncertainty and ambiguity arising during the definition of a solution architecture Strong corporate benefits package including: pension, medical, and significant staff discounts Solutions Architect To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.