Title: Agile Evangelist  Senior Project Manager
Webindex: 71197969
Company: La Fosse Associates Ltd
Description: This Agile Project Manager will be responsible for Buinsess change projects across the ecommerce, mobile and engineering streams. This role will also be championing agile methodology to the rest of the company. It is important that the person leading these projects has good knowledge of agile and scrum techniques as well as the relevant qualifications. Key stakeholders for the project manager will be Finance, HR and the IT community. This is a great opportunity to work for an international online retailer on complex buisiness transformation projects in a variety of geographies. Detailed Responsibilities  Lead complex, multidisciplinary, multitrack business change projects, incorporating people, process and technology change  Take primary responsibility for managing the senior stakeholders  Build and manage senior client relationships (expectations, communications, escalation, etc.)  Establish project processes through all projects to ensure process compliance  Create and analyse reports on track status, issues and risks and report the major risks and issues to the Project leadership and stakeholders  Manage key 3rd party supplier relationships on a commercial and delivery level for packages and services required to deliver and support projects and ensure appropriate contractual arrangements are in place  Manage project budgets, manage forecasts to project completion and escalate budgetary issues as appropriate  Prepare and deliver project status and progress reports for Project Sponsors and the Programme Management team The Team Reporting into the PMO and working within the Business Transformation Team, managing all change programmes across the company The team consists of Project Managers Business Analysts and Portfolio Managers. Key stakeholders for the will be the finance team, People team and the larger IT community. Education, Skills and Experience  Project Management Professional Qualification (either PMP or Prince)  Experience of delivering projects using the Agile methodology  Project and Programme delivery experience at senior level for projects > 1m and/or programmes > 5m delivered across multiple geographies and diverse cultures.  Online Retail sector experience preferable.  Worked in a matrix management environment delivering with limited or no line management responsibility  Supplier Relationship and Commercial Management experience with leading service and technology providers  Experience of understanding business drivers and linking them to Business and technical Solutions  Financial Management experience including Business case and ROI creation, budget management and forecasting.  A basic understanding of the ITIL and CMMI working practices.