Title: Data Centre Services Technical Specialist (Storage)
Webindex: 72689303
Company: Specialist Computer Centres PLC
Description: Compelling reason to apply: We have a new exciting opportunity for a Data Centre Services Technical Specialist (Storage) within our ever expanding business. This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to work within Europe s largest privately owned IT group. SCC is the fastest growing division of Specialist Computer Holdings  Europe s largest independent IT services group. We supply computer hardware and services to small/medium sized commercial organisations, nationwide. As a company with a rich track record of delivering flexible and cost effective managed services, working with both private and public sector clients, this position is suited to an already successful consultant who wants to be part of a vibrant and progressive business. Are you looking for  a secure and stable career with longevity, recognition and opportunity? As Europe s leading privately owned technology solutions provider, we can offer you exactly that. Our people are passionate, focussed, driven, determined, flexible and motivated and are richly rewarded for their commitment. If this sounds like what you re looking for, then we look forward to meeting you. Main Duties: Providing proactive management of Data Centre infrastructure platforms, support project work and providing support for all Data Centre clients with emphasis on storage technologies. Proactive Platform Management  4****% (e.g. management of technology platforms, creating designs) Technical Support  40% (e.g. responding to incidents, implementing change controls) Technology/Solution management  10% (e.g. ongoing technical awareness  accreditation) Administration  5% (e.g. maintenance of documentation and processes) Skills, Knowledge Experience: Essential The applicant must have 5  10 years experience of providing technical architecture and support to enterprise clients. Specialising in the storage arena the individual will require architecture design, implementation and troubleshooting skills in enterprise Storage products and complimentary products. Core Skills will include: Windows 200**** /**** Server. Strong skills in HP EVA  3Par Knowledge of backup technologies, e.g. Netbackup Desirable  Experience of Netapp, EMC and IBM storage Virtualisation technologies, e.g. VMware, HyperV