Title: Senior Systems Administrator /Shared Hosting Product Engineer  Londo
Webindex: 72450923
Company: CV Bay
Description: Senior Systems Administrator /Shared Hosting Product Engineer Job Description My market leading client is looking for a Senior Systems Administrator . You will be responsible, on a daytoday basis, for managing technical architectures that deliver Shared Hosting Products. This includes making sure that all services are available for 100% of the time as well as making sure that the services are optimised to serve as quickly as possible. Another important part of the role is to liaise with other departments in the company including Development and Support, to help resolve issues and identify areas that require work. This includes producing tools to enable the support department to troubleshoot problems without escalating them. You should have a minimum of 5 years experience in a systems administration role and a technical related degree is preferred. You should be a highly proactive individual who can create resilient, scalable and innovative platforms from design through implementation, administration and future development. You will be comfortable working on projects both on your own and working as part of a team. In the performance of your duties, you will be expected to use your best endeavours to promote and maintain the interests and reputation of the Company at all times. System Administrator responsibilities will include:  Supporting existing platforms  Ensuring twentyfour/seven/**** uptime of systems and services  Maintain and install Linux (Centos) and Windows servers  Demonstrate expert knowledge of the systems and processes  Act as referral point to help staff resolve queries and problems  Document solutions and builds to provide a knowledge base to other administrators  Train and share knowledge of implemented and maintained systems with other departmental staff  Resolve escalated issues using our internal issue tracker  Develop new products or services that would help the company be more successful  Suggest and implement new approaches and architectural improvements  Reviewing system logs and monitoring systems  Joining the on call rota to provide out of hours emergency support  Travel to various offices and Datacenters when required  Ensure the smooth daily running of and upgrades to web, ftp, mail, dns and other services  Ensuring sufficient capacity and performance is available for all systems  Compliance with Health and Safety regulations, ensuring safety of self and others at all times  Liaising with suppliers regarding their products and services  Keeping abreast and informed of current I.T. technologies Required Skills  Very strong IT skills in an internet environment  Resilient with the ability to problem solve  Clear written and verbal skills  Operating Systems: 5 years experience with Linux and Windows  Languages: Bash, PHP others helpful  Strong clustering knowledge of both applications and hardware (SAN, NAS)  Strong experience working with MySQL, Apache, Exim, PHP, IIS, MSSQL, Active Directory  Good Project Management skills  Good TCP/IP and networking (Cisco) knowledge  Good knowledge of High Availability systems and load balancing  Strong firewall and security skills  Full UK driving licence Key Competencies  Delivering Business Results  Team Working  Self Motivation  Attention to detail  Making good decisions  Bringing innovation to problem solving  Excellent communication The salary for this role is ******** depending on experience. 23 days holiday (plus bank and public holidays) and life assurance from the date the candidate starts. Other benefits e.g. company sick pay scheme, Private health care scheme and Pension contribution (provided candidate joins our company Scheme) will be available following successful completion of probationary period. Call Harry for more details on **** **** **** and email your CV to harrycvbay.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSystemsAdministratorSharedHostingProductEngineerLondo_job****