Title: School Technical Support Officer
Webindex: 69205558
Company: London   Public Sector
Description: Job Title: School Technical Support Officer Our Client, who operates within the Public Sector, is looking for an Interim School Technical Support Officer.You will be positioned to work within their offices in Central London, with close proximity to local bus and rail links. Job Specification AN ENHANCED CRB WILL BE REQUIRED FOR THIS ROLE You will be required to provide 1st and 2nd line technical support to demanding users and a comprehensive ICT service to schools covering the installation, configuration and support of Administrative and Curriculum ICT systems. This is very much a technical role, so past experience within this role is essential. Requirements You will be required to:  Be the contact for curriculum and administrative support calls for a set of assigned school sites.  Diagnose and resolve complex ICT problems and incidents for the curriculum and administrative IT infrastructure in schools via the telephone, remote diagnostic software or site visits in accordance with service standards and current working practices.  To provide a comprehensive hardware and software installation/upgrade service using, where appropriate, a range of software tools and techniques (e.g. imaging/remote software distribution)  Negotiate with funders and sponsors to secure the most beneficial financial deals.  Use and improve existing systems, and take a creative approach to all aspects of their work Skills / Person Specification  Ability to install hardware, computer peripherals and software to documented standards, ensuring that agreed procedures are followed  An understanding of good IT practice and procedures and an understanding of remote management tools and software  Knowledge of IT network security systems and a strong commitment tocustomer care  A good working knowledge of server **** Active Directory environments, including configuration and software deployment using Group Policy, Directory structure and NTFS security  Experience in administering and configuring core Microsoft Operating systems, including Active Directory, is essential; experience of RM?s networking and desktop products would be an advantage.  Experience of implementing backup procedures; restoring information and data in a controlled manner from backup software and images used within an organisation. If you would like to discuss this job in more detail please call me or simply apply with an updated CV.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk