Title: Redruth, Cornwall  Pharmacy Manager
Webindex: 67628731
Company: Tesco
Description: Job DescriptionWe are currently looking for a Pharmacy Manager for our Pharmacy in our Redruth Store . Pharmacy Manager: Our Expectations Working for UK’s number one retail company, you will be working in a fast paced environment to deliver outstanding customer care. A passion for healthcare and ability to influence a group of people with autonomy and flexibility to add value to decisions and meet targets based on your personal experiences are an essential. As a Pharmacy Manager you will be a self motivated individual who can use own initiative to prioritise workload and achieve optimum levels of personal effectiveness by striking a fine balance between making professional and business decisions. You will be keen to lead and develop pharmacy team members including Pharmacists, dispensers and assistants to meet targets and deliver outstanding service to the local community. Reporting to the Regional Pharmacy Manager, you will need to be a strong individual that can network and build relationships with other healthcare professionals in the community to grow branch business. Pharmacy Manager & Pharmacist: You will be responsible for maximising your development and company objectives by concentrating on five areas: Providing Customer Service  Creating a culture where staff know their products, the product and price benefits in order to help customers make the right choice  Being first point of contact for customers who come to the pharmacy.  Managing and resolving complaints to company timelines.  Developing effective working relationships with Primary Care Organisations (PCO) and surgeries.  Providing Face to Face consultations where appropriate. Supporting our People  Regularly train and coach Pharmacy counter staff  Maintain departmental training plans ensuring they stay aligned to Pharmacy initiatives/needs of the department.  Able to identify own development needs and have a working action plan that addresses them.  Support Pharmacy scheduling ensuring staff work the right hours to support the operation. Delivering day to day Operations  Ensure the accuracy of payment claims for all prescriptions, products and services supplied on the NHS  Ensure Pharmacy Team complies with dispensing rules  Manage Pharmacy communication ensuring all team is updated.  Ensure all pharmacy staff, hand over quires and messages before leaving end of shift. Meeting Financial Targets  Have a proactive business plan in place to deliver targets  Have one to one meetings with Regional Pharmacy Manager. Trading Safe and Legally  Coach Pharmacy team to enable them to understand all safe and legal requirements and their role in achieving them.  Ensure all staff work in accordance with standard operation procedures through regular training and coaching. Candidate Profile You must be a qualified Pharmacist with a pharmacy degree and be a member of the General Pharmaceutical Council.  Strong communication and listening skills  Be able to demonstrate industry knowledge and experience of providing excellent care and service  Interest and passion to develop the business  Desire and commitment to do the best for patients and work with the store team to provide outstanding service and care  Organisation, attention to detail and confidence  Patient focused, friendly personality vital to ensure we offer a consistently great service All job offers are subject to meeting the national Government requirements relating to undertaking relevant regulated activity with vulnerable groups and an Enhanced Disclosure Criminal Record Check by the Disclosure Barring Service. Benefits Immediate membership of an award winning pension scheme Immediate Free Life Assurance  automatic protection for your family and peace of mind for you Staff Privilegecard  10% discount on your Tesco shopping in store & online (after 6 months service) Free Shares In Success  our way of saying 'thank you' for your hard work Childcare Scheme  join the scheme for discounts & vouchers to save on childcare costs Exclusive staff discounts on insurances, travel, leisure activities & days out, healthcare & lifestyle choices, plus great staff deals on Tesco Broadband & Mobile Time for you  ways we can support your lifestyle including paid pro rata holiday which increases with service, maternity/paternity & parental leave Buy As You Earn (BAYE) Scheme  the opportunity to regularly buy Tesco shares tax efficiently Save As You Earn (SAYE) Scheme  a way to save risk free, with the option to buy Tesco shares at a discounted price