Title: Stores and Procurement Assistant
Webindex: 68712641
Company: Faith Recruitment
Description: This client based in Guildford is seeking a Stores and Procurement Assistant to join their wellestablished team for a **** month fixed term contract. The purpose of this role is to p rovide administrative support to the Purchasing Stores team. You will also be expected to support to the Stores Controller and provide administrative support in the matching of delivery notes to purchase orders and the organisation of paperwork. The aspects of this role is to: Respond to requests from consultants and responsibility for the placement of next day orders. Provide the receipt of goods, return of defect parts, component kitting and retrieval of parts from stores. Communicate delivery information to consultants. Resolution of delivery discrepancies. Raise delivery notes for the despatch of goods. Filing of delivery note paperwork. Audit stores on a regular basis to ensure stock level accuracy. Maintain storage locations to ensure parts are kept in a safe and tidy manner which fully utilises the space available. Book couriers for next day deliveries and collections. The ideal candidate will: Able to handle duel role requirements Have excellent communication skills Have great attention to detail Have excellent time management and organisational skills Be confident in using Microsoft Office programmes Have fantastic and strong administrative skills Be able to work in a team Excellent interpersonal skills with a professional manner to all Experience of working within a purchasing environment, preferable within manufacturing sectors Have a confident telephone manner Be able to communicate effectively with suppliers Have the confidence to work unsupervised You will be confident in entering, reading and interpreting data into a database system as this is a key part to the position. The candidate will need to be available immediately and able to commit to the full 3 months. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/StoresandProcurementAssistant_job****