Title: IS SAP Financials Senior Analyst
Webindex: 69766748
Company: General Mills
Description: General Mills is one of the world's leading food companies, with more than 150 years of experience in the food industry. They offer consumers around the world products that enhance nutrition, shorten preparation times, provide health benefits, enable onthego eating and — of course — taste great The Role The SAP Financial Analyst, as part of the IS Finance team, is responsible for supporting the General Mills International business through the technical administration, support and development of SAP and its integrated systems, and associated financial processes. Key Accountabilities:  Provide support for the existing SAP Financial and Controlling systems used by GMI.  Diagnose problems and restore service promptly to SAP users, operating within agreed Service Level Agreements.  Engage with system users, other members of the IS Department, software vendors, and service providers to ensure resolution of problems in a timely fashion and prevent reocurrence.  Partner with the business to ensure timely implementation of essential or legally required developments on an ongoing basis.  Partner with the key business contacts to understand key business issues/opportunities  Identify and implement technical solutions which increase business efficiency and effectiveness.  Identify and prioritise opportunities with key business stakeholders  Analyse business requirements, plan and complete assigned projects, in partnership with business users  Ensure effective management of assigned tasks/ projects  Manage relationships with business, external suppliers of software, technical support and other services to achieve objectives.  Engage crossfunctional teams as needed to ensure effective implementation of solutions.  Provide expertise on SAP functionality  This role is a handson role that will require expertise in all SAP Financial modules; FI, CO, COPA, and Product costing.  Develop and initiate plans to increase SAP expertise within the Financials team and lead initiatives for continuous improvement.  Identify areas for future exploration/implementation.  Cross train and mentor other team members on design to ensure adherence to standards, global consistency, and sound scalable solutions.  Assist the business in better leveraging SAP  Evaluate opportunities for broad use versus country specific implementations.  Partner with the business and facilitate the knowledge transfer of information.  Implement sustainable training strategies in the Business Units.  Work with stakeholders to prioritise and implement high value enhancements.  Participate in other company initiatives as required in support of business strategy Other rolerelated information  Flexibility needed on hours of work (sometimes need to adjust working hours to liaise with team members, peers and colleagues in other parts of the world.) The Candidate Required: Qualifications/Skills/Experience  Graduate or graduate calibre.  Excellent business process and functional knowledge in Finance and Reporting areas.  Demonstrable experience in SAP Financials  international implementations, rollout projects and numerous lifecycles Configuration experience in SAP FI, CO, PA, and Product Costing Modules  SAP implementation and support experience in multiple projects, including international implementations or rollouts.  Experience implementing or supporting SAP in China, Asia, Europe and South American regions and knowledge of these localisations.  Good knowledge of integration points with other SAP modules.  Appreciation of overall SAP software architecture.  Demonstrated project management of small to medium size projects; able to mentor others on project management techniques.  Ability to develop and deliver training materials to employees at all levels. Required: Work Attributes/Qualities  Team player and strong collaboration skills  Excellent interpersonal skills  able to deal and communicate effectively with colleagues and business users both written and verbally.  Strong influencing skills in negotiating solutions with business stakeholders and users. Sees developing strong business relationships as a key to success.  An analytical, methodical, logical approach to problem solving, employing innovative approaches to business and technical challenges.  Structured and selfdisciplined approach to working  able to work on own initiative.  Able to work under pressure and to tight deadlines.  Manages own and others time effectively and demonstrates ability to prioritise work to achieve results.  Demonstrates sound business judgment.  Demonstrates continuous learning to expand and build on skill sets.  Recognisable as a technical lead and “goto” person for colleagues within and outside own team.  Demonstrates leadership; initiates improvements and guides others to achieve goals. Desired: Qualifications/Skills/Experience  Industryrelevant business experience in the Pharmaceutical, Food and Drink, or other Consumer Products Industry  Competence in a second language; proficiency in Spanish would be useful to support our LASA and European businesses.  Exposure to BW and SEM  Knowledge and understanding of international taxation and trading models.  Accounting qualifications  Experience working in a multinational, multilingual, multicultural business environment