Title: Mobile UI Designer  work with creator of Shazam
Webindex: 68360229
Company: PCR
Description: Mobile UI Designer Global Business in Central London ********K circa inc superb benefits (25 days hol, pension, season tkt loan, free gym and swimming pool membership etc) Want to experiment and work with innovative products? Imagine the freedom of a start up but with the security and perks of a global organization, this is it Our client is the world's leading source of intelligent information for businesses and professionals. They combine industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers in the financial, legal, tax and accounting, scientific, healthcare and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization. As a Mobile User Interface Designer working in an agile team, you will collaboratively design, document and implement the next generation of Financial Services Mobile Applications. The importance of this project to the entire business should not be underestimated and for this reason it is both highprofile whilst also highly confidential. Your aim will be to build a beautiful, truly unique, integrated and realtime experience for the enduser. Due to the nature of the team and the position, you will be given great independence in your work so essential selfmanagement skills are a must. You will be working for and with other designers and engineers, people who have spent time in the trenches and may even have built a few things you use. Engineering appropriateness and the best compromise, when required, is our motto and preferred approach. Finally, you will be working with some highly talented individuals who have worked for many years in design and technology. This is a good opportunity to learn and progress. But it?s not all one way traffic. You?ll be expected to teach everyone something as well. REQUIREMENTS Experience Proven and demonstrable experience designing excellent interfaces for mobile devices with specific focus on iOS. Highlyproficient in the production and organization of implementationready design assets. Interface design stimulus collection/research. Has experienced the full software development lifecycle. Experience working in an agile development team. Experience collaborating with customers/clients is a plus. Desired skills Excellent understanding of Photoshop and Illustrator. Pixelperfect attention to detail. Ability to build animated interface prototypes. ****D modeling a bonus. Confident sourcing and learning new software. Ability to evaluate alternatives and understand business implications and impact Personal characteristics Great Interest in the mobile industry Passionate about problem solving Excellent communicator Confident and proud of your work Proactive and selfmotivated Value judgment and common sense over process Ability to learn quickly A sense of humour always helps Education Degree in graphic design or fine art or relevant equivalent work experience. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/MobileUIDesignerworkwithcreatorofShazam_job****