Title: Head of Application Support
Webindex: 68675212
Company: Harvey Nash
Description: A well established and progressive thinking organisation is currently undertaking a strategic review of its organisation after impressive growth and profits during 2012. The group have ambitious plans and hence wish to recruit further strategic hires who can add value and hence drive the growth long term. As a result the current CIO has reviewed his team and keen to appoint a Head of Applications Support who can provide the group with an effective, efficient and customer focused end userapplications support and service desk function. This role will take full responsibility for the planning, structuring, leading and executing of all IT Service Delivery / Application delivery requirements covering both service desk and application support. The role will also play a pivotal part with managing the relationship between IT and key business stakeholders across the group. Future progression will ideally see this role succeed the current CIO. To be considered for this position candidates will be well educated (both professionally and academically) and have a strong track record of success of leading application support / service desk teams in a highly complex, financial services environment. The successful hire will also be expected to drive ITIL best practice regarding application service delivery and support. The ability to lead teams of **** will also be required as will the ability to manage both onshore and offshore partners. This position will also require the ability and vision to continually look for ways of developing smarter ways of working, for example root cause analysis of commonly occurring problems and high severity incidents. Ultimately this role will require a proven leader with the ability to develop and nurture a team with high potential. Engaging and influencing skills will also be required as will the ability to complete business critical programmes and projects on time and to budget. In the first instance please forward an updated cv to Peter Birch. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofApplicationSupport_job****