Title: Oracle Developer  Oracle Forms, PL/SQL
Webindex: 71305206
Company: Advanced Resource Managers
Description: Oracle Developer Skills: Oracle Forms, PL/SQL, ProC, TIA (insurance) Location: Basingstoke  Commutable from Hampshire, Berkshire, Surrey, London Salary: ****  45,000 My client, a market leading house hold brand is looking to recruit a number of highly skilled Oracle Developers to form part of their product development and support team. The successful candidates will work closely with business users to understand requirements and design solutions, to become a functional owner of part of the system, develop, test and deliver the solutions in an efficient and effective manner. Key duties of this role will include: ' Reviewing changes and faults and providing solutions and estimates for development work. ' To develop and make changes to the TIA system working on either Insurance or Membership change. ' To work with the change owners to understand their requirements. ' To work with TIA and other systems developers to build end to end solutions. ' To build good quality code and implement system improvements. ' To test the developed code sufficiently before passing into UAT. ' To build up relationships with the Business Users and the UAT team to ensure that solutions delivered are correct and tested effectively. ' To provide regular updates to your line manager or Project Manager re progress. The key application that you will be developing and supporting is written in Oracle so it is essential that candidates possess proven commercial development skills in Oracle Forms, PL/SQL and Unix shell scripting Any exposure to the following would be viewed as highly advantageous: ' TIA application ' Java web services ' ProC This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, SaaS, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunications, Manufacturing and much, much more. We will never send your CV without your permission. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/OracleDeveloperOracleFormsPLSQL_job****