Title: Senior Business Intelligence (BI)/DWH Datawarehouse Developer
Webindex: 68628127
Company: First Point IT
Description: SQL  Business Intelligence/BI/DWH/Datawarehouse Developer I have been assigned by one of Europe's leading and most recognised Coms who requires a Senior SQL Business Intelligence (BI) Developer to join their London division. You will be required to work alongside the Head of Development, BI Lead and Business Owner to assist with ongoing migration projects on the BI platform. Considering I've recruited for such positions for the last 4 years I'm well placed to say that these are categorically the most exciting SQL Business Intelligence (BI) role I have ever worked on I can't tell you how exciting this it the projects, the team, the offices, the future plans etc it's going to create a real buzz in the community. The SQL Business Intelligence (BI) Developer will be responsible for working closely with key stakeholders to analyse, define requirements and develop BI Solutions. The SQL BI Developer should have relevant experience working the full project life cycle, strong experience with TSQL, expert use and knowledge of SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, MDX and Kimball to work within an agile environment. This is an ideal opportunity to take the next step in your career whilst working in a fast paced and challenging environment. The role offers the SQL BI Developer the chance to work in a high volume OLTP environment with BIG DATA on new development projects What type of person do they like to employ? Someone who has a real passion for BI and is motivated to better themselves within this space. The role is client facing so a strong communicator is needed and they like people who are forthcoming and pitch in with new ideas You should have the ability to adapt and work on a variety of projects playing a key part in the team. If you have the necessary skills and are looking for a role which rewards hard working individuals with an excellent salary and benefits, unrivalled training and career progression opportunities, reply with an updated copy of your CV or call Lewis. No terminology in this advert is designed to discriminate on grounds of gender, race, colour, religion, creed, disability, age, sex or sexual orientation. First Point IT are an equalopportunity employer and do not discriminate against these or any other class protected by applicable law.