Title: Technical Author (Network, Infrastructure, Cisco, NetApps)
Webindex: 69865916
Company: Interquest Group
Description: Technical Author (Network, Infrastructure, Cisco, NetApps, Oracle, MS Office) Technical Author (Network, Infrastructure, Cisco, NetApps, Oracle, MS Office) Sand Resources has a fantastic opportunity available for a contract Technical Author based in Swindon. The client is looking for a strong Technical Author to provide support for the organisation's new projects and to create documentation related to the hosting platform at the client sight including Network topology, Storage, Servers and Databases. Candidates should have strong experience working in a technical writing position within an infrastructure and networking environment. Technical Writer Role: •Work with project manager, network / infrastructure engineers and security architects to document the enterprise wide  network and IT infrastructure at the client site. •Writing, editing, reviewing and delivering documentation for the purposes of achieving relevant security accreditation, audit compliance and allowing business as usual to go ahead. •Documentation will primarily include network topology diagrams, infrastructure models, data center layout, security domains, network devices and database pools. •Engage with security and engineering teams to understand network technology & infrastructure, functionality and content and incorporate into documentation •Complete writing assignments according to set standards •Distribute documents for review, solicit comments and make any necessary updates •Review documentation produced by other architects/engineers and recommends revisions or changes in scope, format and content. Technical Writer Skills: •Excellent experience working in a technical writing role within an infrastructure and networking environment. •Experience of technical authorship and be competent translating 'technical speak' into understandable instructions. •Successful completion of documentation related to the hosting platform which will comprise of the: underlying network topology (Cisco routers, switches, vlans, firewalls, etc), storage (NetApps, Compellant, etc.), servers, operating systems and virtual machines (Dell Edge) and databases (Oracle) •Strong experience of Advanced PC skills with MS Office products like Word, Visio, PowerPoint and Project Plan is a must. Candidates should send their CV for immediate consideration and a full job description. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment business in relation to this vacancy.