Title: Nuclear Safety Consultant Bristol
Webindex: 69473117
Company: Gold Group Limited
Description: Nuclear Safety Consultant – Bristol A market leader in the Nuclear Safety field is looking to recruit Nuclear Safety Consultants at a range of levels for an expanding Bristol office. You will manage a variety of projects and provide senior level support to other Project Managers and mentor junior consultants. In return a negotiable salary range is on offer, as well as the chance to work on international projects. Responsibilities • Demonstrate technical competence at level two in more than one core knowledge skill area and a number of other prioritised skill areas; • Be able to solve a variety of scientific and technical problems within procedural guidelines and perform complex scientific and technical calculations and apply basic analytical principles; • Produce technical reports to QA standards that present clear and reasoned arguments with supporting evidence; • Lead technical discussions and presentation of work to clients and Regulators; • Take lead for defined technical work packages in projects and provide deliverables to PM requirements; Carry out coaching of lower grade consultants in partnership with Line Manager (LM); • Provide checking to QA standards; Provide support to higher grades; • Provide advice/guidance to, and mentor, junior grades. More information available to interested parties, please apply today for further detail or to be considered for similar opportunities. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business.