Title: Technical Support  French Speaking
Webindex: 69687497
Company: Epsilium Ltd.
Description: Technical Support  French Speaking Job Purpose: Working for a leading software vendor you will be responsible for providing account management from a technical perspective across the EMEA region. Primary languages are English and French. You are expected to liaise with the customer ensuring they adopt the latest client technology and are up to date on the latest releases and roadmaps. You will provide coordination of resources to assist within the account from consulting, sales and support to ensure the account is receiving the highest proactive level of support within industry. Professional Specification: Key responsibilities deliverables: Provide proactive technical support to high profile accounts Be a point of escalation for incidents that require urgent action, and head off potential problems which you foresee with proactive support. Work closely with the support team by replicating customer issues and researching problems to the required SLA s. Document and record all activity with the account from a technical perspective, communicate within the business to other stakeholders such as engineering, sales, TSG or operations when required. Ensure that all, welcome packs, newsletters, product release information and that they are receiving weekly activity reports and incident documents as per their contract. Provide support within the SLA s provided and adhering to the department s best practices. Provide quarterly site visits to maintain relationships with your accounts Professional Qualities: KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES REQUIRED: Ability to communicate professionally effectively, both orally and in writing and over the phone Excellent organisation and planning skills Ability to troubleshoot analyse software Exposure and an understanding of the following technologies an advantage: Windows Desktop Server Technologies Microsoft Applications Web applications Citrix or similar background Internet explorer SQL databases IIS Outstanding organisation with real career potential