Title: Project Manager / Consultant ? Web Technologies (German Speaking)
Webindex: 69191121
Company: Webrecruit UK
Description: Project Manager / Consultant  Web Technologies (German Speaking) Cambridge, Cambridgeshire ****  **** DOE Are you a talented project manager or customerfacing professional with fluent German language skills? Do you have experience of using web or mobile technologies? If so, read on. Our client is the UK's leading provider of multichannel eService solutions for customerfacing websites and contact centres. Their customers include Barclays Bank, Royal Mail, Mothercare, Standard Life, Nissan, Fujifilm and the BBC. An opportunity has now arisen for a German speaking Project Manager / Consultant to join their team as they expand into the European market. As a Project Manager / Consultant, you will play a key role in business development, sales and the implementation and support of web selfservice solutions. This will involve overseeing the implementation of projects from the presales stage through to providing ongoing client support and management once the implementation stage is over. Using your account and project management skills, you will be tasked with:  Attending sales meetings to educate potential customers about the product  Overseeing and managing product implementations  Conducting product training sessions  Statistical analysis of customer data  Maintaining and creating customer relationships To be considered, you must have experience with web technologies and fluency in German, in addition to English. It is also essential to have at least ONE of the following:  At least two years' experience in a customerfacing management or account management role, such as a client services manager, customer services manager or account manager  Strong project management experience What's more, as a Project Manager / Consultant, you must be web savvy, well organised and possess good presentation abilities. Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, are also key. To apply for the role of Project Manager / Consultant (German Speaking), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Project Manager, Project Consultant, Client Relationship Manager, Client Services Manager, Customer Services Manager, Customer Account Manager, Account Manager, Client Services Consultant, Customer Services Consultant, Business Development Manager, German Speaking, Bilingual, Languages.