Title: Apple Macintosh/PC 2nd line Support Analyst
Webindex: 71760516
Company: Eligo Recruitment Ltd
Description: Unique 1st/2nd line Apple Macintosh and Mac/PC cross platform IT support roles  join a talented IT team in beautiful work premises in Surrey and Middlesex  fantastic benefits including full sports facililities  work/life balance  individual career progression and formal IT training provided  hours of work 8am to 4pm. Previous experience as an IT Technician or Mac Engineer providing Apple Macintosh IT support within a school, college or university environment highly relevant. State of the art Apple Macintosh infrastructure  seeking Apple certified or Microsoft certified Apple Macintosh and Mac/PC 1st line and 2nd line IT support professionals. ITIL, Cisco networking and support of iOS beneficial. You should be a talented Mac focused IT technical professional, Mac Technician or Apple Mac Engineer who wishes to embrace technology across all platforms and who has demonstrated a commitment to study to be Apple certified, Microsoft certified or Cisco trained in order to be the best at what you do. ITIL advantageous also. You need to be an approachable easy to get on with outgoing individual who loves providing the best support to people and the network infrastructure at all times and are willing to go that extra mile. Salary ****K per annum  plus bonus and considerable benefits. Unique 1st/2nd line Apple Macintosh and Mac/PC cross platform IT support roles  Cisco networking and support of iOS beneficial. Previous experience as a Mac Technician providing Mac IT support within a school, college or university environment highly relevant. Join a talented IT team in beautiful work premises in Surrey and Middlesex  fantastic benefits including full sports facilities  excellent work/life balance  individual career progression and formal IT training provided  hours of work 8am to 4pm. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/AppleMacintoshPC2ndlineSupportAnalyst_job****