Title: Team Mgr  MS Technologies  Support
Webindex: 66924999
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Team ManagerMS Technologies Support Coventry Circa **** Are you looking to develop and improve within a professional and successful FTSE 100 company? We are currently recruiting for a permanent Team Manager to manage a team of Microsoft technical support analysts providing effective 2nd/3rd line support and maintenance of technologies deployed throughout STW. Ensuring resources are managed so that Service Delivery meets the support needs and availability requirements both for the current and future needs of the business. The Team ManagerMS Technologies Support has an important part to play: Management of resources to meet the balance required predominately between support, maintenance, and service requests but also project support as required Ensuring the technical capability exists and is maintained to: Meet Service requirements in line with agreed and published service levelso Identify, investigate and resolve problem records o Maintain STW Infrastructure and technologies. Management and control of Departmental Training:o Development and management of the Training plan o Budgetary management and control of all commensurate training. Work directly with the Infrastructure Maintenance Manager to ensure maintenance plans are developed, submitted and implemented at both a strategic and tactical level. Liaise with Delivery Team Managers to ensure staff development plans, capability matrices and succession plans are in place across the Technical Services Department The Team ManagerMS Technologies Support will have experience: Extensive IT experience including a considerable experience at a supervisory or management level Some experience of team management, preferably in a support environment with a team of 6 or more staff. A deep technical knowledge of at least two relevant technology areas and a broad technical background in all other technology areas. Fully conversant with all Service Delivery ITIL components, foundation certificate essential, practitioner or managers certificate desirable. Experienced in impact analysis and technical & business risk assessment (technical risk essential, business risk Experience of effective resource management skills across 2 or more disciplines e.g. support / maintenance / continuous improvement / service requests etc The Team ManagerMS Technologies Support must demonstrate: Excellent communication skills at all level, with the ability to translate complex IT issues into business related vocabulary Self motivated with the ability to prioritise workload and team management Leadership and motivating skills including the ability to delegate whilst retaining management control Strong commercial acumen including supplier/partnership management Extensive people management skills including tackling behavioural issues, performance management, setting objectives etc Strong influencing and negotiating skills both at a peer level and above Must hold a full driving licence Qualifications Graduate level qualification (desirable) Recognised vendor accreditation in one or more technical specialist area e.g. Microsoft, VMware, Citrix etc. (essential) Membership and active participation of relevant industry best practice group(s) e.g. user groups, TIF, ITSMF etc. (desirable) ITIL Practitioner or Managers certificate or equivalent (desirable). ITIL Foundation certificate or equivalent (essential) A full driving licence will be required as will require travel maybe necessary within the Severn Trent Water region. About Our Client Severn Trent Water serves over eight million customers across the heart of the UK, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the Humber and from midWales to the East Midlands. As a FTSE 100 company, they can offer a wide range of career opportunities and attractive benefits. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us