Title: Electrical Engineer  Controls / Design
Webindex: 68833914
Description: A prominent supplier of high speed FMCG equipment is looking to add an Electrical Engineer to their growing team. You ll use AutoCAD to complete electrical wiring schematics and detailed drawings as well as Allen Bradley for PLC modifications and programming. You ll have direct exposure to the customer and have the opportunity to commission your own designs. An exciting new opportunity has arisen within a leading design and manufacturing company. The responsibilities of the Electrical Engineer are as follows:  Design of control systems and wiring schematics  Specify and select equipment and generate BoM,  Take responsibility for the management of projects  Liaise the mechanical team and other stakeholders  Work on multiple projects simultaneously  Carry out design reviews and take part in installation/commissioning To fulfil these requirements the Electrical Engineer will have the following skills / experience:  Knowledge of PLC programming with Allen Bradley or similar PLC.  Knowledge of SCADA / HMI would be a bonus  Have the willingness to travel across Europe to commission equipment (Up to 50 days per year)  Ability to use AutoCAD for electrical drawings (wiring schematics) Typical Background: Although not a definitive list we would expect to find the Electrical Engineer from an automation company, special purpose machinery firm, systems integrator or any producer of mechanical equipment where you ve completed the prerequisites. The successful Electrical Engineer will be offered the opportunity to join a leading organisation with genuine career progression opportunities. To Apply Please forward your most uptodate CV together with salary details to andrew . crook  jamrecruitment . co. uk or by calling Andrew Crook on **** **** **** We have interview slots available for next week with the client and I d be interested to run through the role in more detail with interested Electrical Engineers. JAM Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position