Title: Document Analyst
Webindex: 67443900
Company: Thames
Description: Our client is the UK’s biggest water and sewerage company with around 14 million customers. You would be joining a company with an amazing history and exciting future. They provide clean and take away waste water for almost **** per cent of the UK population every day . The scale of the work they carry out means they have to recruit and develop only the most talented candidates. On offer is a welcoming work environment and extensive benefits, as well as opportunities for career progression within the business. Role details This is an exciting opportunity to join the Technical Information Team and gain experience of the technical aspects of document management. Working across the whole of the business you will engage with a range of managers and gain knowledge of different aspects of the organisation. As you will be influencing the quality of the documents that are used you will see tangible benefits from the work you undertake. You will develop a diverse knowledge that will benefit your career in the long term and may give you the opportunity to carry out some project work and support the manager when they are not in the business. Reporting to the Document Management Manager, you will be part of a specialised team that maintains the quality of documents relating to our client's assets. You will be required to apply an extensive set of skills and experience to support the team and take a leading role in the delivery of technical solutions. You will be responsible for data capture and quality initiatives, process design and improvement, and the resolution of complex enquiries relating to asset information. You may also be required to supervise small project teams and mentor others in the team. Key responsibilities:  Update asset information systems and approve the work of others, according to defined processes.  Design and deliver elements of technical solutions related to data processes, quality and manipulation, and information presentation and reporting.  Identify, prioritise and make recommendations to line management on technical, data or process improvements.  Contribute to departmental input into corporate projects and initiatives.  Respond to requests for interpretation, supply or analysis of complex information for internal and external customers.  Build up knowledge of operational, legal and health and safety aspects of water and wastewater industry.  Support, advise and coach colleagues to contribute to the development and delivery of the team. Your profile To add real value in this role you need a good understanding of the key principles of document management best practice. You will be able to assess document content, suggest the appropriate document management for this and be able to demonstrate experience of providing detailed logical solutions. You will work with a wide variety of managers in all areas and must be confident managing working relationships and consulting on issues to ensure continual improvement in document quality. You will be fully competent at using the appropriate IT systems and office software as well as taking an analytical in your approach to work in order to improve processes. Knowledge of AssetDoc, GIS and/or CAD would be an advantage, but is not essential. The closing date for this role is Friday 18th January, so please ensure your application is submitted on or before this date. To find out more about this role and other opportunities within the Water/Utility/Engineering industry then contact our Direct Sourcing team (MonFri, 8am6pm) on **** **** **** Reed Consulting are part of Reed Specialist Recruitment who help public and private sector organisations of all sizes to transform performance by designing and implementing the most effective strategies to acquire and develop talent.