Title: Web Developer (Web Developer, Developer, C, ASP  Net, Developer)
Webindex: 65681961
Description: Web Developer (Web Developer, Developer, C, ASP .Net, Developer) Job Title: Web Developer Location: Marlow, Buckinghamshire Salary: ****k****k dependent upon experience (plus benefits) Job Type Permanent Background Computers in Personnel (CIPHR) are currently recruiting for a Web Developer (Web Developer, Developer, C, ASP .Net, Developer) Computers in Personnel (CIPHR) are a leading SaaS / Cloud provider and developer of software for the HR software and systems market, with a growing client base, over one million software users and over **** systems implemented. Based in the Thames Valley the company is expanding its development team and requires a self motivated and progressive individual to work on software design and development projects and to expand the capability of our product and service offerings. The company is also growing its mobile product offerings and this is a great opportunity to also get involved in and increase your skills in mobile web and app development. Role This is a hands on software development role working on a wide range of projects and technologies. Working within the Product Development team you will work to develop, design and support new and existing product offerings. The role will involve working on all levels of the technology stack from the database to the user interface. You will be using the very latest in cutting edge technology, within an innovative and agile team. This is an excellent career opportunity and you will have the opportunity to develop your career into more senior developer or team leading roles. Skills To qualify, your CV will need to demonstrate the following: Demonstrable commercial exposure in the following: C ASP.NET SQL Javascript Ideally, also practical experience in: HTML **** JQuery XML The ability to solve challenges in a number of different web technologies. A strong desire to learn. It is desirable that you have knowledge of standards based development  Object Orientated, nTier and also any web or mobile web development that you have done will strengthen your application. Additionally, experience of MS Reporting Services and Agile methodologies, (especially Scrum) will be an asset. The role requires good communication skills. Good research, analytical, interpretative and problem solving skills are also essential. You will be a good team worker (working within an agile team) but able to use your initiative and work effectively, at times, with minimum supervision. This is an excellent opportunity for a talented, analytical, reliable and selfmotivated developer to move their career forward within a highly successful organisation. Joining a team of talented and enthusiastic people expect a great working environment, superb benefits and lots more. Get in touch. Keywords: Web Developer, .NET Developer, .NET, ASP.NET, Visual Studio, MS SQL, .NET Programmer, Programming, Developing, Web Development Jobs, Jobs in Web Development, C, SQL, HTML **** Javascript, JQuery, CSS, Mobile Development, iOS, XML, Microsoft Reporting Services, Agile development, SCRUM