Title: Software Development Manager / Lead Developer
Webindex: 71847031
Company: YourRecruit  Limited
Description: Job title: Software Development Manager / Lead Developer Salary: Up to **** plus excellent benefits Location: Brighton Skills: PHP, Linux, Management, Software Development. Do you have solid experience in commercial web development and the ability to lead a small team of developers? Then we have an exciting opportunity for you The Role: Is working for a significant online organisation, who currently have 5 million unique visitors a month to their site. They have a brand new position for a Software Development Manager, or an experienced Lead / Senior Developer who is looking for the next step up in their career to join their team on a permanent basis, to be responsible for driving forwards the development life cycle within projects, as well as leading / mentoring a small team of developers. This is a handson technically focussed role, with additional team lead responsibilities. You will be required to;  Drive the development life cycle  Take the lead on all technical development projects  Manage and mentor the development team  Work with product marketing to scope, design and deliver all projects  Manage all development activity The Candidate: The successful candidate:  Will have significant experience within a similar, senior role, either as a Lead / Senior Developer, or directly as a Development Lead / Manager.  Will have solid commercial web development experience in PHP, ideally gained within a Linux based environment; both structured and object oriented design  Strong MySQL database design and complex query generation and optimisation.  Will have great communication skills, a strong leadership style and a professional and friendly manner  Will have great business and systems analysis skills, as well as Linux systems admin knowledge. Additional Desirable Technical Requirements: Magento vBulletin Experience of high traffic websites JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS. Virtualisation Mobile platforms Mobile App development Other Ecommerce platforms. In return the client is offering a generous basic salary, with fantastic benefits and an even better working environment. If you have the technical skills and experience mentioned above, plus a fantastic attitude and a desire to succeed within a significant organisation that definitely going places, submit your CV today Due to the amount of CVs we receive we will only be able to contact you if your application is successful. YourRecruit (IT) Ltd does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender or disability and complies with all relevant UK legislation. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SoftwareDevelopmentManagerLeadDeveloper_job****