Title: Architect Cloud VMWare ITIL IaaS Cisco UCS VCE Vblocks
Webindex: 69039773
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: Infrastructure Architect Iaas Cloud VMWare CertifiedVCE Vblocks CISCO UCS Servers Iaas ITIL Technical Design Cloud Infrastructure Architects with Cloud experience will be responsible for the design and operation of our leading Infrastructure as a Service, Cloud Computing Platforms. The ideal candidates will have a proven background and experience of implementing and operating Cloud Infrastructure that is highly automated, highly secure and at large scale. Cloud Infrastructure Architects will perform a number of duties:  Will be responsible for the technical design input to the Cloud Computing Platform supporting Product management and Service Operations to ensure its functionality, availability, performance and security initiative Create standards to support documentation for design, configuration, monitoring, management and ongoing support Ensure the effective Capacity Management of the Cloud Platform so that services are delivered in the most cost efficient way Perform and oversee the evaluation and implementation of new or updated technology components with the Alliance Partners, to ensure the robust Product lifecycle management including the delivery of new functionality, capacity, releases, service packs Escalation point to Operations for 4th line support and solutions delivery on client deployment projects Desired skills and experience VMware Certified Professional and/or Cisco Data Centre Unified Computing Design Specialist highly beneficial. Exp with designing, deploying operating VCE Vblocks would be of advantage or Cisco UCS servers Will be involved in the provisioning, orchestration and automation of cloud based environments. Ideally ITIL, PRINCE**** and ISO 9001/****/**** based work environments. knowledge and understanding of Cloud Computing  IaaS, PaaS and SaaS. Planning, communication and presentation skills Proven ability to influence at a senior level, including successfully facilitating joint decisionmaking Disciplined, organized and selfmotivated This is a great opportunity to join a fast moving and expanding business that is offering a career genuine career path for the right individual Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ArchitectCloudVMWareITILIaaSCiscoUCSVCEVblocks_job****