Title: ICT Service Desk Technician
Webindex: 69959159
Company: Southdown Housing Association
Description: We have an opportunity for an ICT Service Desk Technician to join our busy ICT Department in Lewes. 37 hours per week, ******** per annum, Ref: SDT. The Southdown ICT Department has undergone a major expansion and restructure following the realisation of how much Southdown has grown with new business and the additional need for more remote workers. The restructure comes as Southdown starts its implementation of its **** year strategy plan to build better service delivery and more resilient systems. Reporting to the ICT Manager, the main responsibilities are as follows: To be the first point of contact for Southdown ICT users reporting problems, receiving all telephone calls in a calm and professional manner. Ensure that all calls and email requests for assistance are logged effectively onto the ICT Service Desk Tracking System. Acts as 1st line support for all ICT services, resolving as many user issues as possible through the giving of clear telephone advice and through using remote access to user ICT equipment. Monitor numbers of outstanding calls on a daily basis and ensure that customer service standards are being met with respect to call resolution times, escalating issues as necessary to the ICT Manager or Senior Engineers Ensure tht users with queries lasting more than one day reciee an update by email or phone call escalated rapidly to the Senior Engineers Undertake all changes to systems in accordance with recognised internal change management protocols To install and test new ICT equipment, including hardware, peripherals and software Provide prioritised technical support and advice as required across Southdown, including the creation and maintenance of users accounts, email and group permissions in Active Directory Perform such others tasks as may be reasonably required by the ICT Manager or Senior Engineers Provide holiday cover as far as the job holders technical skills and abilities allow, to the Senior Engineers. The job holder will be the first point of contact for most of the ICT issues so they must have good communication skills. It is essential that this person has a willingness and thirst for IT knowledge. They will possess logical fault finding and problem solving skills. This is an ideal position for someone starting out in IT. For an application pack and form for the post, please see our website www.southdownhousing.org , email or leave your name, address and reference SDT on our 24 hour voicemail on **** ****