Title: International Software Support
Webindex: 69250939
Company: Jobsite Jobs
Description: An opportunity for an enthusiastic, ambitious candidate with good technical, problem solving people skills has arisen at a growing international technology company. Agility Multichannel develops a market leading software product to enable companies to manage and publish their product information via the web, tablets, print and email. Clients range from large global companies to SME s and our software is used in North and South America, Europe and Asia. Our Master Data Management for product (aka MDM or PIM) solution has a modern architecture, using technologies such as Oracle/SQL Server, XML, HTML, WebSphere/Weblogic, Java, Pentaho, MacOS, Windows, Linux and Adobe InDesign/QuarkXPress You will be working at the international headquarters in York, England, colocated with a team of 25 people who develop and support the software. Reporting to the USA Director of Operations, you will primarily be supporting our USA based customers working remotely with our colleagues in the US team. Your role will be to help deliver our customer support service to provide advice, solve problems and manage bugs, enhancements and performance issues through our development process and deliver solutions back to customers. You will be working within a busy and challenging environment with a much more interesting and diverse range of technologies than is often the case in this kind of role. Although this role is primarily based at our York office in England it is likely that some travel will be required from time to time including to the USA. At Agility we understand that our employees grow as well as our company therefore as well as progressing within support there may also be future opportunities to get involved with technical sales activities, quality assurance, integration or customer services. Job roles include:  Managing customerfacing help desk issues  Owning and solving customer issues or providing support services in collaboration with support development colleagues  Building maintaining good knowledge of our software and supporting technologies  Setting up and maintaining customer test/replication environments  Contributing to support website content, forums, FAQ  Managing, monitoring improving support process  Creating integration data manipulation scripts using Pentaho and our plugins  Creating HTML templates to customise our user interface Successful candidates will  Have experience of working in a support or helpdesk role and familiarity with several of the technologies listed above or similar technologies.  Some experience of Scripting eg Python, Javascript, SQL, HTML.  Be adaptable, considerate, skilled collaborators, excellent communicators and patient problemsolvers.  Knowledge of or interest in technologies for web, tablets or mobile is also very useful but not essential. Also due to the international nature of our customer base, the ability to speak another language, especially French, Spanish, German, Portuguese or Swedish is an advantage but not essential.  Because of the time difference for US customers the standard working hours may be displaced to give a greater overlap with our USA colleagues eg **** or **** but flexibility would be expected from time to time to cover a wider range of hours. Remote access to our networks and customers would typically allow for this to be done from home.  Salary and level of responsibility of this role will depend on the experience and capabilities of the applicant.