Title: Materials Manager  Metals
Webindex: 68838151
Company: Professional Technical
Description: Materials Manager Hereford ****  benefits Metallurgy, Metals, Aerospace, Castings Our prestigious clients are looking to recruit an experienced Materials Manager to join their ever expanding team. The company are world leaders in providing specialist products to the Aerospace, Automotive and Power Generation industries, to name but a few, and they are looking to attract the best engineering talent into their business. Reporting to the Technical Director the main purpose of this role will be to drive the business forward and take full responsibility for the day to day laboratory services provided both internally and externally. Scope of the role: • Management of a varied workforce of up to **** employees. • Overall responsibility and authority for the technical operation of the testing laboratory. • Maintenance and implementation of the testing quality system. • Improving services to internal and external customers. • Providing entrepreneurial flair to developing business. • Be an analytical problem solver and provide solutions to complex issues. • Provide strong liaison between Production, Technical, Quality and Operations departments Skills and experience: • Ideally degree educated within Metallurgy / Materials or Engineering. • Experience within Metals / Materials testing is a must for this role. • Knowledge of metals production. • Maintenance and implementation of ISO/IEC **** and Nadcap Materials Testing would be an advantage. • Provide evidence of commercial as well as technical management. • Knowledge and experience within the Aerospace industry would be beneficial. If you feel that you meet the requirements of the exciting position please apply in the first instance. Professional Technical is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the engineering recruitment market, developing recruitment partnerships with engineering businesses on a national scale. Professional Technical supply the engineering and technical talent so that our clients can focus on the core elements of engineering. Professional Technical is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.