Title: Grade **** Developer
Webindex: 71111961
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Exposed Solutions are recruiting on behalf of their client; our client support global awarding, assessment and educational bodies in reducing administrative pressures, whilst improving the accuracy and reliability of examination and assessment data. Their four decades of experience in this area have earned us the reputation of a world leader in reducing costs, improving quality, simplifying logistics, reducing turnaround times and improving security in the examination and assessment marking process. General description of the role: A Grade **** Developer is a member of the development team, this role will be based in Milton Keynes. The Developer's primary responsibility will be the development of software and associated unit tests. The software may fall into one or more of the following categories: User interfaces using C and WPF (other technologies may be added in the future) Business Services using C Data Services using C and SQL A Developer may work on a task with other developers or on their own. A Grade **** developer may have a responsibility to assist Grade **** developers. A Developer would be responsible for designing as well as implementing the solution. Essential; Educated to degree level, or equivalent in an IT related discipline Ability to work with and communicate to nontechnical staff. Ability to work within a mixed ability and discipline team Experience of the software development lifecycle design through implementation Development experience using a Microsoft technology stack. At least **** years experience of C Knowledge of Unified Modeling Language (UML) or other suitable modeling languages Desirable; Some database design experience, ideally SQL Server Some UI implementation experience, ideally WPF Some experience of working in an Agile environment Some software PRODUCT development experience ****7 years development experience C, UML, Modeling Language, Product Development, WPF, SQL Server, Grade **** Developer, Microsoft Technology Stack, Development, Agile C, UML, Modeling Language, Product Development, WPF, SQL Server, Grade 2 Developer, Microsoft Technology Stack, Development, Agile C, UML, Modeling Language, Product Development, WPF, SQL Server, Grade 2 Developer, Microsoft Technology Stack, Development, Agile C, UML, Modeling Language, Product Development, WPF, SQL Server, Grade 2 Developer, Microsoft Technology Stack, Development, Agile C, UML, Modeling Language, Product Development, WPF, SQL Server, Grade 2 Developer, Microsoft Technology Stack, Development, Agile ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role.