Title: Account Manager B2B, Manchester, ****K plus commission
Webindex: 70252945
Company: Flanagan Shaw
Description: My awardwinning client has big plans for 2013. They are growing their team in Manchester tenfold, and currently looking for extremely ambitious Account Managers to build string relationships with clients and boost client retention. This is a challenging role, however, there is a real opportunity for the right candidates to rapidly ascend the professional ladder and grow their seniority and income alongside the business. I’m looking for targetdriven, experienced Account Managers that are bursting with enthusiasm, energy and ambition. Core responsibilities will include: Responsible for the daytoday account management of a group of clients Conducting initial welcome calls and introductions to my client’s products, including online demonstrate of software Build strong, longterm relationships with clients, taking a consultative approach to secure trust and influence decision making Work in partnership with Sales Consultants to win and facilitate the onboarding of new business/clients Assist marketing colleagues to create client case studies, secure client testimonials, and seek joint PR with clients Consult with clients to generate customer feedback with a view to continuous improvement of website user experience and software functionality Communicate and promote company products/services/events and key achievements via email, and social media channels such as Twitter and LinkedIn Work with Web Development team to continuously improve inhouse account management dashboard and management reporting software To be considered for this role you must be an excellent communicator with a positive attitude and demonstrated experience of B2B sales, preferably within the recruitment or software/IT sectors. I wish to speak to individuals that possess the following skills and experience: Proven ability to develop strong relationships and trust with clients and influence key decision makers Good understanding of the full sales cycle, from lead generation through to introduction, software demonstration, closing the deal and aftercare Knowledge of the UK recruitment industry, particularly the thirdparty recruitment agency market/processes Excellent presentation and communication skills, with the ability to work comfortably with a wide range of stakeholders IT literate with experience of using Microsoft office programmes, including wordprocessing, spread sheets and databases Successful candidates will earn a competitive salary and benefit from a realistic commission structure. In addition, they will work in a lively, fastpaced environment in Manchester's thriving Northern Quarter. Hard work and performance will be rewarded. We anticipate significant interest in this role and may not be able to reply to all unsuccessful candidates. If you do not hear from us within 2 weeks please assume your application has been unsuccessful. We will retain your details on our candidate database and contact you if any positions arise for which you may be suitable. We will also send you our quarterly newsletter to keep you updated on our work. If you do not want your details to be retained on our database, or would prefer not to receive our newsletter, please email us on infoflanaganshaw.co.uk. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AccountManagerB2BManchester****Kpluscommission_job****