Title: Product Development Manager  Milton Keynes, Bucks
Webindex: 69037823
Company: Interact Consulting
Description: Product Development Manager  Milton Keynes, Bucks Product Development Manager / Senior Product Manager is required by a market leading Milton Keynes based company to join their Software Development Department. As a successful client facing Product Development Manager with a wealth of product delivery experience, you will be tasked with, but not limited to : overseeing the successful delivery of quality software solutions that fully meet the business and client requirements, either leading the Development Team by example or on their own initiative. the effective daily monitoring of progress and ensuring that all members of the project team remain focused, positive and on track. providing consistent support and assistance to other project team members by eliciting clear and concise reports at daily meetings and up to date project status reports. acting as a robust and positive influence on the team, promoting best practice and ensuring that all company standards are complied with during all aspects of software development. This is a fantastic position for a Product specialist and requires all applicants to boast at least 4 years commercial experience of product development, project management, leading a team of developers within an Agile environment and working closely with clients to deliver the best product possible. The Product Development Manager must be educated to a degree level and boast a proven track record of successfully running multiple varied projects at once. All applicants must also demonstrate a clear understanding and implementation of project scope, effective risk management, key milestones, estimates and resource plans as these are some of the key factors that will be used to evaluate your standard of performance by the Head of Development. To be successful at this role you must have a firm and unshakeable understanding of product development, project management and team leading; if you have no experience in of these, then please do not apply. Superb salary and package on offer. If you feel that you have the skills, experience and knowledge to excel at this fantastic role, then please apply now This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProductDevelopmentManagerMiltonKeynesBucks_job****