Title: Business Analyst  Mobile Applications
Webindex: 69076822
Company: SolTech, Inc.
Description: SolTech, Atlantas premier software development firm is seeking several highly qualified Business Analysts for an exciting mobile development project. The Business Analysts will take on such responsibilities as requirements gathering, development of system requirements, and determining level of effort estimates. Qualified candidates must be able to work well individually as well as in a team setting. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow your career as a business analyst in a fast paced and exciting environment, this is a great role for you Required Skills BA required. BS in Computer Science or Technology preferred. 35 years of BA experience with websites, interactive systems and mobile websites/applications Strong analytical skills and excellent attention to detail Must be self directed and comfortable working in fast paced environment under aggressive timelines Previous IT development project experience Ability to work with crossfunctional teams Strong time management, priority allocation and task management skills; proven ability to handle multiple concurrent projects without sacrificing schedule or qualit SolTech employees enjoy the benefits of working for a successful and stable company which offers a comprehensive benefits package, including health, dental and disability insurance, ****k, paid time off, flexible work hours and a business casual environment. Interested applicants may apply by sending your Resume. SolTech, Inc. is a leading provider of custom software solutions and project management support in Atlanta, GA. The company was founded in **** with a commitment to deliver the highest quality results by combining strong business expertise and technical proficiency with exceptional project management skills. SolTech provides project management and development of webbased and mobile solutions to any size business looking to utilize technology as a means to grow their business.