Title: Embedded Software Engineeer
Webindex: 69146657
Company: Arm Ltd.
Description: Introduction We are looking for a number of experienced Embedded Software Engineers who have expert knowledge of the Linux/Android kernel device driver implementation to expand the Media Processing Division. ARM’s Media Processing Division produces Graphics hardware and software products for mobile and embedded devices. Our Mali™ Graphics Processors (GPUs) have an advanced, highly programmable architecture for accelerating ****D and 3D graphics, specifically tuned for high performance and energy efficiency. Our mission is to be the number one provider of ****D/3D Graphics technology on the planet by finding the fastest, cleanest and most efficient solutions to every problem. If you have a passion for embedded software and want to shape the future of mobile devices, then we want to hear from you. Successful applicants will be working closely with the multidisciplined engineering teams across ARM’s European design centres to develop graphics drivers for the current and the next generation of ARM graphics cores. This exciting and dynamic team is developing software at the forefront of Graphics Processor technology, this software is now being used globally and critical to some of the world’s most successful mobile phones, tablets, etc. An amazing opportunity to influence products and technology that millions of people will use around the globe years ahead of the product release. Job Requirements Education Qualifications University degree in Computer Science or Electronics Engineering, although other disciplines will also be considered with relevant experience. Essential Skills Experience Demonstrate Expert knowledge and experience of developing kernel device drivers for Linux/Android Expert knowledge of C/C++ Experience of software optimization and instrumentation Proficiency in problem solving and debugging skills. Motivated, resultfocused engineer with excellent team working skills. Good English communication skills, oral and written. Desirable Skills Experience Experienced with software design methodologies including some experience of UML Knowledge of full Software lifecycle including specification design, test and documentation Experience with UNIX development environments Experience in ****D/3D graphics technology and standards such as OpenGL, OpenGL ES, OpenVG, M3G, Direct3D Mobile, DirectX and EGL. Experience in large, multisite software development projects Experience of Agile software development Ability to travel within Europe Package Competitive salary Shares (Restricted Share Units) at the discretion of ARM Holdings plc SAYE Private medical insurance Permanent health insurance Life assurance Contributory personal pension scheme Relocation expenses as appropriate Please note that we may be recruiting multiple positions against this vacancy