Title: Senior Java Developer Trading Software
Webindex: 71443882
Company: Alexander Black Recruitment Limited
Description: Senior Java Developer Leading Londonbased trading software house has an outstanding opportunity for a Senior Java Developer / Architect to join the team. Our client is a wellknown commodity trading software house based in the US and UK. Their data product is in most tier **** banks and funds and allows massive data to be tweaked and analysed sub second. You will be developing algorithms that sit in this data and allow finctionality across multiple sets. This is an opportunity for someone that wants to work with a smart people in a collaborative environment that is solely focused on serious returns. The Java Developer will have responsibility for the design, development and management of a trading system implementations, including design of customer s specific requirements. The successful candidate must work well independently and in small groups, have some knowledge of OLAP and an interest in financial markets. Innovative thinkers are encouraged to apply. They have designed and developed an integrated needs and risk system for physical commodities trading that their clients use directly and indirectly on a daily basis. The system operates globally and manages the full lifecycle of our particular trading process requirements, from trade capture, contract generation and confirmation tracking, to invoice management, market data capture, and flexible reporting facilities. This role runs the development of this platform and is integral to the business. The role is stand alone so you will also be responsible for development work to build out the platform for future trading and brokerage projects the company undertakes as it expands, such as enhancing the existing systems horizontal and vertical scalability, and enabling direct integration with our clients existing systems and user base. Candidates MUST have:  3 years experience working in the area of product and application development using Java.  Strong problem solving and analytical skills and object oriented development.  In depth knowledge of following technologies: Application servers (Apache Tomcat, WebSphere), Spring, Eclipse, Maven, jUnit, RMI, Web Services, Windows and Linux OS.  Experience in client facing, project management and leading small team.  Experience of OLAP and MDX a plus  Experience of AJAX front end development and realtime streaming technologies a plus.  Experience in presales support would be an advantage. This is an outstanding opportunity to join a growing software business at a time of significant interesting growth within the sector. They are well known in the space and this role offers autonomy from day one as well as exposure to the trading platform of a successful business. You should be confident in your experience within development. We offer a serious package as well as the standard benefits.  My client is based in London If this sounds of interest then please send your most recent cv to bankingalexanderblackrecruitment.co.uk or call James Holland on **** **** ****