Title: Treasury Middle Office Operations
Webindex: 72128043
Company: Brook Street Bureau PLC
Description: Treasury Middle Office Operational Control Specialist (6 month contract initially) Brook Street are currently seeking candidates to fulfil this initial 6 month contract based in Reading. The successful postholder will report into the Head of Middle Office and is responsible to manage Treasury's KPI framework for both external (business metrics) and internal (efficiency metrics) variables and monitor Treasury's performance against established metrics. In addition to this you will also be responsible to ensure proper documentation of Treasury's activity including the development of standard operating procedures and will manage and follow up on audit findings working closely with Treasury heads to develop action plans. You will oversee governance, policy and compliance responsibilities including covenants, GSA, segregation of duties, etc. The position will require managing significant interaction with internal teams such as Legal, Audit and Risk Management. As a candidate for this contract you should be able to demonstrate the following knowledge and skills:  Skills in a control/compliance setting within the Treasury Department of a Blue Chip organisation.  Advanced understanding of policy and legal compliance, as well as familiarity with the ISDA framework and associated documentation.  Strong market analysis skills as well as corporate finance fundamentals.  Ability to establish and maintain institutional relations with compliance entitites, and be accustomed to a control/compliance environment.  Sound Project Management skills  Solid presentation and communication skills.  Be detailoriented, proactive, resultsoriented, and resourceful, with a challenging mindset. Pay Rate: ****  **** per day (anticipating a Ltd Company engagement) Location: Reading To apply for this position or to enquire as to further details on the contract requirements, please email your up to date CV to Lucy Edwards today. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TreasuryMiddleOfficeOperations_job****