Title: Junior Application Developer
Webindex: 66797356
Company: Hays   South Coast
Description: Junior Application Developer. Develop, support and maintain new and existing applications. Junior Application Developer. Salary  dependent on experience. Salisbury, Wiltshire. Our client currently delivers a broad array of facilities management services including a national booking system, temporary accommodation, environmental, conservation and rural estate management, catering and management of tenanted properties covering **** locations nationwide. As the Graduate Application Developer you will report directly to the Lead Application Developer. You will be required to design, document, develop and test changes to new and existing applications in line with the IT Development Process and the IT Project Management Process. Key Responsibilities  Work closely with the Business Analysts to ensure that solutions are designed to meet business requirements.  Produce test plans, test and document the results in line with the IT Development Process.  Responsible for implementing fully tested software changes to the live environment.  Support and maintain existing applications.  Provide support to users via the IT Service Desk in line with IT Service Desk Processes.  Coordinating with other Application Developers ensuring a consistent and unified approach to IT development and service delivery. You will need proven experience of working within a defined development process (encompassing design, document, develop, test and release) and to development standards. Experience of developing solutions from specifications and of managing reasonable size items of work in accordance with a defined project management process, ITIL processes Essential skills required:  Microsoft programming languages. (C, VB.net).  SQL Server databases. Desirable skills:  Experience of providing secondline application support and application maintenance within defined processes.  Microsoft Visual Studio Team Foundation server.  Able to develop and use of Web Services.  Effective knowledge and experience of the ArcGIS toolset, HR.net product and Costpoint product We seek candidates that are able to work alone or as part of a team, be results orientated with a proactive, flexible and positive approach to work. You will need to be selfmotivated and enthusiastic whilst being health and safety conscious. You should be able to respond effectively to conflicting work demands and to work with a diverse workload to tight deadlines. To discuss this role in more detail please contact Brett Leverton quoting ref: Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk