Title: IT Security & Risk Manager
Webindex: 68680090
Company: Harvey Nash
Description: IT Security Risk Manager  Wiltshire  **** ****  excellent benefits including bonus A genuinely exciting and challenging opportunity has arisen for an Information Security Risk Manager to make their mark and shape the information and security governance strategy for the Company. As Information Security Risk Manager you will be responsible for identifying and embedding processes, procedures, governance standards and frameworks surrounding Information Security, Risk and Compliance for the entire business whilst influencing the highlevel adoption of these also. Areas such as ISO27001, Disaster Recovery, PCI DSS, Data Protection, Business Continuity will all need to be considered from an Enterprisewide perspective and effectively evangelised, delivered and maintained. You will be responsible for managing and maintaining the ongoing IT Security regulations, ensuring that policies are understood and adhered to across the business. This role will work closely with numerous departments including; Internal Audit, Group Risk function, IT and the Senior Management Team / Executive so previous experience of working cohesively alongside business stakeholders will be essential. To be successful you will be articulate, intelligent and diligent, yet remain pragmatic with your approach and conscientious of the impact to the wider business. You will have excellent influencing skills and be able to articulate the impact this has on the Company if not adhered to. The ideal candidate will have a breadth of experience, ideally from an SME size business, but will need to interface and influence much larger businesses and be capable of offering an agile approach to information security. You will have a track record of achievement and delivery within an information security role and be capable influencing up and down the management structure. This is a great opportunity to join a business and be part of its continued growth and success, whilst being recognised and rewarded for your efforts. The successful candidate will be curious by nature, adaptable, flexible and demonstrate both high levels of gravitas and intellect and a desire to learn. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITSecurityRiskManager_job****