Title: Desktop Support Analyst, ****/HR
Webindex: 70223278
Company: BluePrint
Description: We are currently seeking to recruit a Desktop Support Analyst / Technician to join the IT function of a global employer based at their Larne facility paying ****/HR. Reporitng to the team lead you will be responsible for providing the high level of quality support required by a world class organisation, assisting with both daily operational IT support and execute a refresh of the one of the countries largest desktop fleets. The successful candidates will be joining a highly motivated, innovative team who have an outstanding track record of performance and continuous service improvement. Key to this role is the desire to look for better ways to provide service to the end users and work with the rest of the team to implement them. Key Responsibilities: Reporting to the Desktop Supervisor the support analyst will work within the team, which has responsibility for supporting and maintaining desktop systems within the organisation. Primary responsibilities will include but are not limited to: The deployment of desktop devices (PC s, Laptops, tablets, printers, etc) to the organisation to agreed levels of quality. The support of desktop devices, network equipment and desk phones The support of factory production systems. The creation and maintenance of support documents. The support of current and future projects. Any other tasks required as directed by line management. Qualifications and Experience Required: Essential: **** year s experience of desktop support in a business environment Experience of deploying desktop devices in a business environment Strong working knowledge of Windows XPand Windows 7 Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office **** or greater Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Must be willing to work nonstandard business hours when required Desirable: Have or be working towards Microsoft accreditation(s) Experience of Lotus Notes support In return you will receive a competitive rate of pay, holiday pay, free car parking etc. plus exciting career development experience within a leading global employer.