Title: Senior Consultant  London Office
Webindex: 68627535
Company: Xceed
Description: Xceed is an independent Professional Services firm specialising in delivery of IT and Business Change. Our core services focus on IT transformation programmes and our values are based on engendering trust by delivering added value through low risk and tailored solutions. We work with a range of FTSE100 and Fortune **** organisations across different industries, particularly Financial Services, Energy Utilities, Media and Telecommunications. We have particularly deep expertise in major banking integration and separation programmes as well as delivering cost optimisation. We're interested in talking with candidates with consulting experience in any of the above sectors. The Senior Consultant is a key senior delivery position within Xceed. They focus on the delivery of large complex technology and business change initiatives, including the leadership of multifunction and mixed (client/supplier) teams. Senior Consultants exhibit exceptional stakeholder management and communication skills allied to a broad knowledge and expertise across various market sectors. Senior Consultants demonstrate strong capability and have exceptional credibility, combined with a commercial approach to delivering services to the client. Senior Consultants objectives focus on personal utilisation and the delivery of a value add service and solutions for the end customer. Additionally, Senior Consultants spot further opportunities for Xceed and work with senior management to convert the opportunities into assignments. Senior Consultant will to be able to perform at the very least, one of the following: Project Manager, Programme Manager, PMO, Business Analyst and Data Analyst. As with all consulting roles within Xceed, our Senior Consultants are adaptable, flexible and multifaceted. Xceed is not a strategy business; our core focus is on the delivery of technology (and some business) change. Therefore we're not for everyone, if you dislike ambiguity, feel most comfortable in a welldefined, narrow role and shy away from flexibility, adaptability and ambition then we're not for you. If, on the other hand you enjoy challenging yourself, bring passion positivity to your work and have a thirst for continual learning and improvement, then Xceed offers an environment in which you'll thrive prosper. By working to a defined set of personal objectives, you will be rewarded on your performance, not on the company's performance. We are actively recruiting and looking to make multiple hires over the coming weeks so please do register your interest right away if your background fits the profile we've described. We pledge to respond to all applications, those with experience that match our search criteria will be invited for an initial interview with Resourcing.