Title: Technical Author/Writer; To ****k; Wolverhampton
Webindex: 60682720
Company: OCC Computer Personnel  Ltd 
Description: Keywords: Technical Writer / Technical Author / Technical Authoring / Technical Writing / Word / MS Office / RoboHelp / FrameMaker / Online Help / Manuals / User Guides. Location: Wolverhampton. Commutable by car from Shrewsbury, StokeonTrent, Wolverhampton, Worcester, Derby, Birmingham. Remuneration: To **** (depending on experience)  pension  benefits. OCC Computer Personnel are currently working with an established and very successful software house in the recruitment of an experienced Technical Author/Writer. To be considered for this role you MUST have: Strong commercial experience working within a similar role, producing help files/user manuals for internal/external users of software products. Alternatively candidates coming from a software training background with experience of producing their own training materials may be also be considered. Experience of using a variety of methods to get to grips with the software solutions in order to understand the technical aspects and document them appropriately in a nontechnical manner for the end users e.g. using the solution for yourself to see how it works, liaise with Developers, Testers etc. Ability to visualise and recommend the best ways to present the information for the target audience/users. Excellent standard of written English with the ability to write clear and concise documents. Ability to illustrate and communicate information in a structured, logical way. IT literate with strong background using the MS Office suite. Ability to prioritise and reprioritise workloads as required and work with minimal supervision. Strong attention to detail including spelling and grammer. Additional skills which would be BENEFICIAL: Experience/knowledge of technical authoring tools such as Adobe RoboHelp. The Role As the sole Technical Author/Writer you will: Work closely with developers, testers, consultants and managers to interpret the technical aspects of the software solutions and document in a nontechnical manner for end users of all levels, using RoboHelp. Look at and use the software solutions (in a test environment) to get an understanding of the processes you are documenting and where appropriate use illustrations e.g. screenshots in order to clearly communicate them. If at this stage you identify any bugs, you would also be expected to escalate these to the appropriate team member for investigation. The Company My client is a leading, international supplier of bespoke software to the financial sector. As they continue to grow they are looking to recruit an experienced Technical Author/Writer to be an integral member of this friendly yet highly professional team. If you are interested in this position, APPLY NOW Please forward your CV with a covering letter outlining your relevant experience and salary details. Alternatively, contact Sarah Beeby on [contact details removed] for more details.