Title: IT Project Manager  9 Month Contract
Webindex: 71444323
Company: TSR LEGAL
Description: Our clients Project Office team manages our clients internal major projects and the overall programme of work at the law firm. The team is responsible for project management standards and provides guidance and support to projects across the firm. The Project Office will provide support to internal projects in the form of management, advice, guidance and analysis to ensure all initiatives are planned and executed using structured project management. The Project Office team provide project/programme management skills, business and process analysis expertise to the firm. The firm is seeking a Project Manager for a 9 month period but this could go on for longer. Key Duties: To proactively manage, plan, structure and lead multiple concurrent projects. Responsible for delivery and the enforcement of project deadlines and schedules. Identify stakeholders and gain buyin and support. Actively manage and communicate with stakeholder. Communicates and applies project standards. Communicates needed changes to project team. Maintain up to date project documentation and summary showing progress against outstanding milestones, status, resource requirements, issues, risks and dependencies. Consistently delivers highquality service to clients. The Project Manager role also has the responsibility to perform the following business analysis function when required: Analysis: Document workflows and results of business analysis and obtain signoff from client on the specifications. Collaborate with subject matter experts (e.g. developers) to establish the technical vision and analyse tradeoffs between usability and functional/performance needs. Evaluate information gathered and distinguish user requests from the underlying true business needs. Work with the client to identify required changes. Supervise test scenarios, scripts and plans. Review and update requirements, specifications, business processes and recommendations related to proposed solution. Ensures issues are identified, tracked, reported on and resolved in a timely manner. Management of change in relation to the schedule and ensure agreed deadlines are met. Extract business requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis. Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal clients to analyse informational needs and functional requirements. Develop requirements specifications according to standard templates, using natural language. Drive and challenge business teams on their assumptions of how the solution will meet their needs. Be the liaison between the business units, technology and support teams. Serve as the link between the client and the project team. At the end of the contract period deliver a thorough hand over Knowledge, skills and experience Core skills Strong analytical and project management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret the client s business need and translate them into business/operational requirements. Project management qualifications such as APMP or Prince **** are essential. Solid technical/IT understanding in a legal environment is very desirable. Results orientated with good communication and interpersonal skills. Core experiences End to end experience of the project lifecycle. Proven experience writing specifications for IT systems/requirements and running a wide range of IT projects include software development projects, infrastructure projects and application customisation and deployment projects. Picking up in flight projects and experience in project rescue and recovery. Proven experience interacting, working and communicating directly with end users. Communication Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Facilitates team, project and client meetings. Delivers informative, wellorganized presentations and project updates. Understands how to communicate difficult/sensitive information tactfully. Teamwork Confidently work in a matrix environment Actively engages in project and team meetings. Acknowledges and appreciates each team member s contributions. Suggests areas for improvement in internal processes along with possible solutions. Contact TSR LEGAL for further information.