Title: Infastructure Consultant
Webindex: 72127229
Company: HAYS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Description: My client, a market leading specialist IT consultancy based in Dorset, are seeking an Infrastructure Consultant to join their rapidly expanding team. Established for over 20 years and nearly **** people strong, this pioneering Microsoft Enterprise Partner are embarking on a new era of change within virtualisation and unified management platforms, making this an exciting time to join an organisation that are highly regarded as a flagship for new Microsoft technologies. This role will involve all areas of technical consultancy and the successful candidate will need to have prior experience of designing and deploying bespoke enterprise solutions for customers on a large scale, as well as presales activities. As well as having outstanding customer facing skills, along with excellent written and verbal communication skills. You will exhibit demonstrable experience in at least two of the following areas: System Centre SCCM/SCOM/SCSM/SCVMM/SCORCH Exchange 2010 Active Directory 2008 Virtualisation VMware or HyperV Forefront TMG/UAG SQL Server 2008 and above Storage and Networking My client is a highly people focussed organisation, who really value their staff and customers, so with this role comes a list of great benefits which are as follows:  Excellent Car allowance.  Company profit share.  Free on site parking.  20 days holiday.  3% flex of annual salary to buy benefits.  Out of hours working is paid double time.  Modern offices with a Chillout zone including a DVD library Pool table.  Lunches made for staff everyday.  Flexible working hours  Allowance for R D time and training. This is an excellent opportunity to join an evergrowing company, who are highly regarded as pioneers within their field. For more information, please contact Samantha Marshallsay Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InfastructureConsultant_job****