Title: Informatica Developer
Webindex: 69041538
Company: Venturi
Description: Informatica, Powercenter **** Oracle, Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence, SQL, A Data warehouse developer with Informatica Powercentre and SQL is needed for an award winning BI solutions provider with an impressive UK and International client base. This company is looking for someone with at least two years of good Informatica ETL experience and ideally some MS BI experience with SSIS and TSQL however there are opportunities to cross train. Although initially your role will be focused on complex Informatica ETL this role will give you the chance for database design, dimensional modelling and data warehousing. As well as good ETL skills with Informatica you need to have developed Strong SQL (including analytical SQL and query tuning), preferably in Oracle. This is a growing company and this is an excellent chance to progress you career and become a subject matter expert in BI and data warehousing. Key skills: Informatica PowerMart 8.6.0 Mappings, Mapplets and Workflows Physical schema creation (DDL) SSIS TSQL and SQL A good understanding of Data Warehouse modelling (dimensional), design and development Excellent communication Desirable skills MDX SSAS This role will suit a friendly and outgoing developer with excellent ability to problem solve. For this exciting and career building role my client can pay between ****k to ****k  Bonus depending on experience. Key skills: SSIS, SQL Server, ETL, TSQL, BI developer, Business Intelligence, Informatica, Powercentre Venturi is a staffing business dedicated to you, differentiating ourselves in the marketplace by quality of service and candidate delivery. Our highly skilled and experienced staff operate within dedicated markets to give you the best service possible. Venturi markets include Development Design, Business Intelligence, IT Infrastructure Support. Venturi operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InformaticaDeveloper_job****