Title: SENIOR NET DEVELOPER  LONDON  UP TO **** , ****
Webindex: 68806255
Company: Lesley Ray
Description: SENIOR .NET DEVELOPER  LONDON  UP TO **** Our client an international online retailer covering the UK, Europe and USA, are looking for an outstanding web/frontend developer to manage projects and development team SENIOR .NET DEVELOPER  LONDON  THE ROLE This role requires a backend development and we are looking for someone with experience in developing large scale, high traffic web applications and batch processing systems including the ability to optimise for application and database performance. This position will involve providing technical leadership to a small team of developers. You will be working with business analysts, DBA s, testers, developers, and infrastructure technicians; you will design, code, and test software solutions. SENIOR .NET DEVELOPER  LONDON  THE CANDIDATE  Excellent knowledge of the full Microsoft .NET framework (c) and how to use it to build web applications  Excellent Knowledge of designing and building .NET WCF/REST Services  Knowledge of Object Orientated Analysis and Design, UML and design patterns  Knowledge of SQL and experience of developing enterprise level databases.  Sound analytical and problem solving skills that rely on a structured approach to analysis. Ability to work at both detailed and strategic levels.  Proven ability to effectively communicate with business and technical staff in oral and written form.  Ability to work independently while managing priorities and juggling multiple projects.  Project management skills, to be able to lead small to medium sized projects.  Flexible attitude, ability to perform under pressure. SENIOR .NET DEVELOPER  LONDON  THE PACKAGE Salary up to **** Benefits include Exceptional working environment Pension Staff Discounts Due to a very high number of applications we are unable to come back to every candidate with feedback. If you do not hear from us within **** hours please assume that you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. Your CV will be registered with us and we will keep you updated with any other positions that may be of interest. However please keep checking our website as new roles will be updated daily, Unico Recruitment wishes you the best of luck in your job search. Unico Recruitment Ltd operate as an independent recruitment agency with over 20 years of experience supporting clients and candidates nationally across the UK EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES Unico Recruitment Ltd is committed to equal opportunities and actively seeks applications from all sectors of the community irrespective of sex, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, having responsibility for dependents, age, religion/beliefs, or any other reason which cannot be shown to be justified