Title: Provisioning Executive/Agent/Service Delivery Representative
Webindex: 71305110
Company: Recruitment Genius Ltd
Description: Do you have Service Delivery and/or Provisioning experience? Interested in developing into a career in Service Delivery within IT and Telecommunications? If you're a bright, energetic and highly organised individual, our client wants you to join their busy provisioning team. You will be dealing with telecoms carrier companies and ensuring customer orders are delivered on time and within budget. Our client has a number of positions available in their team and so as well as requiring some experienced candidates, they are able to cater for people looking to get kick started in a service delivery function, so please apply if you think you can fit the experience levels indicated below Who the client is: They are an independent provider of managed network services and cloud computing structure to UK business. Our client provides a range of managed network services that deliver clear economic advantage and the performance customers need for their critical data. Their innovative approach to integrating network services provides customers with optimal cost network designs, as well as centralised, resilient and virtualised computing environments. They are an equal opportunities employer who values internal progression highly, so their employees should expect to succeed. They look for candidates who can demonstrate our core values: Cando, Accountable, Positive, Excellence, Integrity. What are the responsibilities?  Manage customer order related communication in line with targets.  Ensure orders are validated prior to the committing of orders onto systems for service.  Track and control work in progress and keep customers advised on progress, issues and problems.  Process all customer requests promptly and update onto the company's IT systems.  Set up the customer bill for services accurately and on a timely basis  Perform basic router configurations and process IP address registrations as necessary.  Coordinate Field Engineering resource where appropriate.  Proactively monitor missed install dates and progress with suppliers to ensure revenue is realised at the earliest opportunity. Who are we looking for? (E  Essential, D  Desirable)  Previous experience in a customer facing role (E).  Accuracy of work  Exceptional attention to detail (E)  Ability to work under pressure to tight deadlines (E)  Experience of Openreach provisioning processes including WLR**** (D).  Previous experience in a service delivery role in the data services industry (D).  Knowledge of provisioning data services (D).  Able to commute to Bracknell, Berkshire (E). What's in it for you?  Salary ****  10% discretionary bonus to be paid in accordance with Company Bonus Scheme Rules  25 days' holiday, rising with long service  Group Personal Pension  Life Insurance  Health Cash Plan  Employee Assistance Programme (twentyfour/seven confidential advice and support helpline for staff) Candidates must be eligible to work in the UK and as they have an immediate requirement applicants must be based in the UK. Applicants should note that the Company will require any successful candidates to complete a satisfactory basic disclosure through Disclosure Scotland. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ProvisioningExecutiveAgentServiceDeliveryRepresentative_job****