Title: IT Technical Service Management roleMicrosoft Environment  Banking &
Webindex: 72373398
Company: Westbourne Partners Ltd
Description: IT Technical Service Management roleMicrosoft Environment  Banking Finance  Brentwood, Essex I am currently working with a financial institution that is based in Brentwood, Essex. Over the last 5 years they have grown extensively and are now starting to build out and make advancements within their IT department. The headquarters have currently around **** users however the team support around **** users nationally. They are looking for an IT service desk manager to run a support team of **** making sure all IT service requests are responded to and resolved within the agreed service level agreement. This role is also a very technical and hands on, where skills within VMware, Exchange and SQL are absolutely compulsory. The successful candidate will have moved from being technically hands on to becoming a technically hands on manager. You will be technically involved in the design, implementation and support of VMware ESXi clusters and site recovery manager so skills in this area are a must. Key responsibilities: Develop processes with quality measures for the IT helpdesk an infrastructure team to ensure consistently high quality of services delivery to the business Coordinate and all IT infrastructure change controls ensuring all changes are perform around business hours Design, Implementation of Microsoft core technologies including Exchange, SQL and IIS Plan and coordinate resources between BAU operations and project to ensure all targets deliverables are delivered on time. Mentor and develop the IT helpdesk and infrastructure teams Provide proactive communication to the business drying systems outages. The successful candidate must have the following: ITIL framework experience Extensive VMware experience VMware Version 5 VMware site recovery manager SQL/Windows experience Some Management experience Active Directory experience If you have the necessary skills and experiences please send your CV or call me.