Title: Web Designer  XHTML, CSS
Webindex: 72239235
Company: CV Bay
Description: Web Designer Job Description The role predominantly involves the design, creation and delivery of materials to support the companies marketing activities. In the performance of your duties, you will be expected to use your best endeavours to promote and maintain the interests and reputation of the Company at all times. Candidates must have experience in producing web pages, emails banners, the testing of them and a full understanding of the standards required for each. It is important that the design integrity is upheld in detail and that close communication is kept with the designers and marketing staff in order to maintain this. Graphic Multimedia design work will also need to be produced for the many activities undertaken independently or in calibration with the teams Graphic Designers. Responsible for testing and ensuring that landing pages are multi browser compatible, and conforms to both web and accessibility standards. Close communication with the Marketing team will be required to ensure the activities meet the requirements and standards set. An understanding of Javascript, or PHP would be advantageous. Working Knowledge of Adobe applications (Photoshop, Fireworks Flash) will be required and the ability to use text based HTML/CSS editors for these tasks (i.e. Sublime Text, Notepad). In the performance of these duties, they will be expected to endeavour to promote and maintain the interests and reputations of the Company at all times, and maintain good relationships with working colleagues. Requirements Some of the responsibilities will include: Design Creation of  HTML Landing Pages  HTML Emails  HTML Website Pages Elements  Flash Advertising Banners  Promotional Web Graphics  Print Materials  Production and Support of web based marketing activities collateral Liaise effectively with the Marketing team to ensure requirements are delivered to specification. Coordinate with project managers to ensure that tasks meet standards and requirements Work closely with other team members on combined tasks and projects Following tasks through from brief to delivery and working to tight deadlines Carry out such tasks that are required to meet the needs of the business Required Skills Minimum 2 Years Web Designer Experience High Competency in:  XHTML  CSS ****/****  Cross Platform Browser Compatibility  HTML Email Design Email Client Compatibility  Adobe Photoshop  Abobe Flash for Banner Design Creation Experience and Working Knowledge of:  HTML5  Javascript  Version / Source control  Performance optimisation and standards for landing pages  Advertising Web Banner technical standards requirements  Abobe Illustrator, InDesign, Fireworks Acrobat  Usability, Accessibility, SEO W3C Standards  XML  PHP  Ajax Key Competencies  Excellent communication and problem solving skills  Ability to work both independently and as part of a team  Attention to detail  Ability to work in a fast moving environment and to tight deadlines  Ability to use code using text based HTML/CSS editors  Production of semantic and web standards based XHTML/CSS Basic is ****K  ****K. Benefits include: 23 days holiday (plus bank and public holidays) and life assurance from the date the candidate starts. Other benefits e.g. company sick pay scheme, Private health care scheme and Pension contribution (provided candidate joins our company Scheme) will be available following successful completion of probationary period. When submitting the CV could you also please submit examples of the following. HTML Landing page (XHTML if possible) Flash Web Banner Design HTML Email Examples Any other examples would be beneficial Call Harry and email your CV to harrycvbay.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebDesignerXHTMLCSS_job****