Title: Risk Manager/Risk Consultant
Webindex: 71335326
Company: TLP Consultancy
Description: Finance Risk Consultant/Manager London ****  **** plus package My client are looking for a client facing consultant who is happy to propose executive projects to clients from day **** You will be involved in writing proposals, model validation, pitching to clients and project managing. Background Successful candidates will work within our consulting practice providing projectbased services within the Financial Services arena. My Client seeks mid to senior level finance and risk management professionals to support business growth in areas including: regulatory change, risk (market, credit and liquidity) methodology/technology and derivative pricing methodology/technology across our investment banking, insurance and buyside clients. This is a demanding and rewarding environment and ultimately a great place to work. Working for a smaller company means that staff can gain a wide variety of experience and there are no artificial restrictions to the speed of career progression. Job Description The role is for financial engineers who are keen to contribute to missioncritical systems development and deployment. Projects can be performed either on the client site or on an outsourced basis within our offices. The successful candidates will be interested in working within an innovative and entrepreneurial environment, where they will be expected to be involved in all aspects of the company from presales to lead project roles. In these roles, they will work with our clients to create solutions by making use of the company's expertise in finance, financial engineering and technology, support project teams with their expertise and manage other consultants. They will also have the opportunity to contribute their knowledge and experience in our salesinformed internal research activities, where we are working with academia and other technology vendors. Skill Set Eligible candidates will have working knowledge in: Financial regulations, such as: Basel, DoddFrank, EMIR, MiFID or UCITs. Financial markets, typical cash or derivative products in: IR, FX, credit, equities or commodities. Standard derivative pricing mathematics, quoting conventions, operational processes and legal documentations. In addition, candidates will have experience in some or all of the areas below: Model validation (market, credit or operational risks). Market risk management, including VaR calculations, backtesting and stress testing. Trading book credit risk management, calculation methodology of PFE, CVA, CVA VaR, FVA, some exposure to trade confirms, CSAs and collateral aspects of derivatives Liquidity risk management, including one or more of regulatory reporting, treasury operations, collateral operations (bilateral and CCP), understanding of Basel **** requirements. Banking book credit risk management and experience with PD/LGD models in certain product types. ETD and derivative clearing processes, understanding of standard margining methodology and operational processes. Bespoke or vendor trading/risk systems validation, development or management. Stochastic calculus, noarbitrage pricing and advanced derivative pricing techniques. Candidates would also be expected to: Have a Masters level qualification in finance or a quantitative subject; CQF acceptable. Be client facing with the ability to form and present clear and concise arguments, as well as produce high quality business documentation. Take part in both presales and project activities, with the aim of progressing towards an SME or project management position. Experience in prototyping calculations in VBA and in advanced mathematical languages, including: QuIC, Matlab, R, or technical languages, including: C++, C or Java would be a plus Prior investment banking experience preferred but not essential. TLP Consultancy Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.