Title: Senior C Developer
Webindex: 50738388
Company: Recruitment Direct
Description: Senior C Developer Belfast Salary up to ****k pa Our client, a leading edge Software Development Centre in Belfast requires a Senior C Developer to deliver key software products directly for their clients and for their business teams using the latest Microsoft technologies (.NET C, ASP.NET and SQL Server). Key Accountabilities • Lead the design and development of cuttingedge software solutions, developed in C .Net with SQL as the back end data store. • Ensure all deliverables for projects are completed on time, to budget and within quality standards. • Work closely with the Technical Architect to help design our solutions to meet the current and future business needs. • Actively seek ways to improve process and procedures. • Assist the Project Manager in production of estimates for development activity. • Work with the Business and Data Analysts to drive the requirements forward. • Provide support and consultancy across all test phases of the project. • Ownership of planning of software release, their execution and postrelease activities. • Assist with maintenance and production support. • Provide coaching and mentoring to your colleagues through but not limited to advice, technical assistance and code reviews. Key Technical Skills • Candidates should have a degree in IT or related subject and at least 5 years recent relevant experience in .NET software development within a commercial environment with 2 years at senior developer level. • Technically excellent in C, ASP.NET, MVC, Entity Framework, LinQ, strong web development skills, including jQuery, AJAX, CSS and Javascript, you also have strong working knowledge of Visual Studio, SQL Server, WCF and TFS. • Experience of full software lifecycle and different methodologies. • You will have used design patterns and practices. • Experience in leading a software development project to completion. • You should have strong time management skills and the ability and drive to meet deadlines. • You will be an excellent team player, but also capable of working independently, showing leadership, ownership and commitment to the success of the team. • As a strong problem solver, you have an analytical mind and a keen eye for detail. Recruitment Direct is acting as a recruitment agency