Title: Test Analyst  Web Applications (Net) Covent Garden
Webindex: 68807050
Company: Bentley Whitaker
Description: Job Title: Test Analyst  Web Applications (.Net) Covent Garden Key Skills for the Test Analyst role (Manual and Automated): Degree in Computing Both Manual and Automated Testing experience ****yrs Web applications testing .Net environment experience ISEB Qualified Description for the Test Analyst role (Manual and Automated): My client a very successful international Digital agency seek a Test Analyst to join there Software division which build the latest Web Apps using Microsoft Technology. The purpose of this role is to ensure that all production deliverables conform to functional and technical requirements specified in the relevant documentation, and that technical best practice and guidelines have been adhered to. The QA process will include configuration testing, functionality testing, system testing and regression testing. List of duties tasks for the Test Analyst role (Manual and Automated): Develop and execute automated and manual testing of web applications and interfaces. Develop test plans, test cases, and testing estimates alongside the Development Team. Track bugs, run functional tests, identify defects, and validate bug fixes. Work closely with all project teams to ensure that all applications receive a satisfactory level of testing. Investigate and provide solutions to customer problems alongside the Development Team. Ensure that projects conform to specified functional and technical requirements supplied. Ensure that technical best practice, creative standards and guidelines are adhered to. Configuration testing, functionality testing, regression testing, integration testing and system testing. Key Skills for the Test Analyst role (Manual and Automated): Wideranging experience of web application testing (MINIMUM ****yrs commercial experience) ISEB/ISTQB Foundation in Software Testing Bachelor s degree or equivalent experience. Knowledge of the Microsoft .NET development environment and SQL Server is required. Understanding of the SDLC, formal software testing methods and techniques, Change and Release management including a good working knowledge of JIRA. Agile software development experience. Experience executing UAT and triage internally and externally. Experience with automated test tools such as Selenium. Strong documentation and communication skills. An analytical mind with an interest in problem solving. Well organized with attention to detail and strong desire to complete a task. Salary for the Test Analyst role (Manual and Automated) will be to ****k (DOE) Job Title: Test Analyst  Web Applications (.Net) Covent Garden