Title: IT Database Developer
Webindex: 69895256
Company: FFR
Description: IT Database Developer High Wycombe Salary c****k depending on experience KEY SKILLS REQUIRED • Excellent knowledge of MS Access (preferably ****) and VBA in Access. • Excellent Knowledge of Excel (preferably ****) and VBA in Excel. • Good knowledge of SQL Server and TSQL, including stored procedures. • Minimum 2 years MS Access development experience at advance level (Essential). • Minimum 2 years Application Support and Implementation experience. Experience of Dynamics CRM and .Net knowledge would be advantageous but not essential. THE PERSON You will assist in all phases of the development cycle of new system applications, from requirement analysis, through to roll out and maintenance, therefore strong analytical skills combined with a structured methodical approach and good attention to detail are required. You will be organised, a good written and verbal communicator and enjoy problem solving. THE ROLE Reporting to the Directors you will become part of the I.T. team, which is responsible for all Company I.T. systems. Your responsibilities will include: • Designing, developing and maintaining all in house applications, databases, reporting and spreadsheets. • Providing technical support and general assistance for third party applications and databases. • Assisting with general IT queries and technical issues. • Designing, developing and maintaining Access and SQL Server databases and any other inhouse systems. Coding using VBA, SQL, ADO, DAO, .NET, etc. • Writing all company reporting as required using tools such as Access, SQL, Crystal, Excel and built in report writers. Our client is the leading provider of integrated support services to the UK construction and associated industries. They believe that the breadth of their services and their integrated approach to delivering them makes them unique in this market. Whilst their businesses are individually strong, the added value to their clients comes from their ability to bring all of these services together to a single project and to deliver hard business benefits for you. This approach is supported by their continual investment in great people and systems and their culture of challenging convention to find new ways of delivering better value, both in the range of services they offer and the way that they deliver them. If you wish to be considered for this superb opportunity click apply. You will be transferred to our online application form that will take no more than **** minutes to complete. You must be eligible to work in the UK. FFR are an employment agency and operate as an equal opportunities employer. People/Skills suitable for this role include: Database Developers, Developer, VBA, MS Access, SQL Server, TSQL, ADO, DAO, .Net, Crystal Reports,