Title: Websites Manager, Online Marketing Burton upon Trent
Webindex: 65453151
Company: Cordius
Description: Website Manager, Online Marketing, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Content Management System (CMS), Social Media Platforms, Facebook, Twitter, Midlands, Staffordshire, Derbyshire, Burton. Reporting to the Marketing Manager at this Leading PLC you will be tasked with delivering effective online marketing solutions for the business estate using industry leading online and social media platforms to help drive consumer interest and sales. Working closely with the Creative team, Marketing, Operations, Partners and Suppliers you will integrate online activity into marketing strategy to increase penetration ad usage of relevant social media throughout the estate, maintaining and developing the Corporate Website and delivering effective online support for partners to drive customer usage. Technical Requirements: Minimum 2 years experience of having worked in an online marketing role. Excellent IT skills. Strong understanding of SEO. Experience of using CMS. Key Accountabilities: To drive awareness and usage of the online marketing by partners. To coordinate the design, production and fulfilment of Investment websites and Social Media campaigns. Develop/deliver online campaigns to consumers using data from the Cloud WiFi system. Work with outsourced suppliers to maintain and drive the online portal tool kit. To manage the Corporate Website. To communicate and inspire the operations team to drive Social media participation with our partners and share best practise. Develop online marketing campaigns via email and other media in association with key suppliers. Reviewing the market trends and activity to benchmark the corporate offering. Advise and direct partners towards Facebook, Twitter and other social media initiatives. Research/make recommendations on the future development and opportunities. Person Specification: Strong understanding of marketing best practises in online business environments. Experience of working in digital marketing. Strong influencing skills at all levels with excellent verbal Proven planning skills. Location: Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, Derbyshire Salary: circa ****  Bonus  Benefits Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates