Title: Network Specialist Major Blue Chip  Worcestershire
Webindex: 68495336
Company: Templeton and Partners
Description: Network Specialist  Major Blue Chip  Worcestershire Required Skills the candidate must have: ****  5 years IT technical staff experience in Network Operations, Network Engineering, Network Project Management, Managed Services Operations and/or IT. Comfortable with project management. Proficiency using Microsoft Office, Visio, and MS Project. Englishspeaking (German, French, Italian also a plus). Excellent customer service, leadership and interpersonal skills Flexible, dependable with strong negotiation skills, ability to multitask under constrained timelines and works well in ambiguity. Desired Skills: Experience with Tier **** Network/IT support desks and associated ticketing tools/processes. Bachelors Degree in Computer Science/Management Information Systems. ITIL, Six Sigma or industry level Project Management and or technical certifications a plus, eg CCNA. Job Description: This role will be responsible for initial customer enablement of the Service Assurance Operations tools for retail and gotomarket network outsourcing deals, Legacy migrations, and contract driven migrations. This includes; Initial tools setup (not IT development) Planning the transition from the PMO operational model and tools. Planning, and leading handoff testing for service assurance. All of the above requires the consultant to interface and facilitate collaboration with Operations Implementation, IT Operations Technical staff members, customer staff as well as other Team members to implement the Service Assurance Operational Model specified. Templeton are pleased to have been listed in the 2010 Recruiter magazine Fast **** a ranking of the **** fastest growing recruitment companies in the UK based on audited figures in Companies House. We were placed 1st out of pure IT Recruitment companies and wish to thank you for contributing to our past, current and future success.