Title: Broadcast Engineer – NotForProfit Organisation (Field Based)
Webindex: 68674948
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Broadcast Engineer  NotForProfit Organisation (Field Based) Fieldbased (Covering overseas territories) ****  **** Our client is a notforprofit organisation which provides entertainment services to the British Forces and their families around the world. They are now seeking a Broadcast Engineer to join their team. This is the ideal role for an electronic or broadcast engineer with experience gained within a broadcast environment to join a growing notforprofit organisation. Offering the chance to make a real difference to peoples' lives, you will also have the opportunity to travel, live and work abroad. As a Broadcast Engineer, you'll be responsible for assisting in the maintenance and upkeep of our client's broadcast studios, distribution and transmission facilities. You will supervise and install a variety of equipment, such as radio studios and playout systems, television production/playout, satellite including VSat communications, analogue/digital transmission and audio over IP, video over IP. You will be tasked with covering all aspects of the broadcast chain, from the studio to the audience's home. This role may require you to undertake project and maintenance work, sometimes at short notice, in both the UK and overseas locations, such as Cyprus, alongside the British Forces. To be considered for this superb opportunity, you must have:  Experience of working within a broadcast environment  A degree, HND, HNC or equivalent level in electronic and/or broadcast engineering  A full driving licence As a Broadcast Engineer, you must possess excellent communication skills, both written and verbal coupled with a flexible approach. Disciplined and persistent, you must be organised with plenty of initiative. Please note: this role will initially be based in Cyprus. Our client will discuss the arrangements for living abroad, as well as the possibility of taxfree status, at interview. To apply for the role of Broadcast Engineer (Field Based), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Broadcast Engineer, Field Based, Broadcast Systems Engineer, Electronics Engineer, Digital Electronics Engineer, Broadcast Systems Engineer, Engineer, Engineering, Broadcast Technician, Radio Technical Engineer, RF Engineer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BroadcastEngineerNotForProfitOrganisationFieldBased_job****