Title: Web Developer (ASPNET, C, Visual Basic, JavaScript, AJAX, CSS)
Webindex: 69670731
Company: Aria Select Ltd
Description: Web Developer (ASP.NET, C, Visual Basic, JavaScript, AJAX, CSS)  London This is a great opportunity for a Web Developer to be part of a team at a dynamic online media organisation. Our client is a leading provider of online information, ideas and insight to the global marketing industry, with an exceptional and growing client base. Reporting to the Head of Web Development, you will be joining the online team at an exciting time to work on major new projects. As Web Developer, you will be involved in generating ideas for business solutions, working from briefs and delivering front and backend web solutions for a variety of projects and marketing activities. This is a unique role that requires the candidate to have strong communication skills and be capable of interpreting outline requirements, designs and new features into final web solutions. You will be capable of multitasking and working on a number of web projects at any one time. This would most suit a web developer with good interpersonal skills. Responsibilities include: Bug fixes and support of existing sites. Be part of projects and assist in front end web development using XHTML, JavaScript, AJAX and CSS. Assist with back end web development in ASP.net with VB.net  all existing sites to be migrated in C.Net in the near future. New projects to be programmed exclusively in C.Net. Evaluating and acting upon requirements for business solutions. Assisting in expanding online communities and newsfeeds through good SEO and link building. Contribute in finding creative solutions for delivering content online to maximise the user experience. Technical Experience: An understanding of and some experience in website development. Some knowledge of XHTML, JavaScript and CSS. Experience of ASP.net using C or VB.net. A passion to develop new skills and integrate the latest ideas into effective web tools. SQL Server. Knowledge of industry trends, best practices and emerging technologies. Selfstarter with the desire to exceed expectations at every opportunity. Ability to operate in a small, fastgrowing company as a supportive member of the IT team. Team player with excellent interpersonal skills. Willingness to help with IT support and administration. Essential .Net (VB or C) minimum two years, SQL Server skills (design, TSQL and stored procedures), Educated to degree level. Some knowledge of CSS, XHTML and JavaScript. Desirable Some understanding of Classic ASP, AJAX, XML,Web Services or RSS. Web design advantageous. Buzzwords: Web Developer, ASP.NET, C, Visual Basic, JavaScript, CSS, JavaScript, VB.NET, London.