Title: Junior Developer  C / Net / BPM / SQL Server
Webindex: 71199820
Company: Hewett Recruitment Limited
Description: Junior Developer, C, .Net, Business Process Management, BPM, Workflow, Worcestershire. Junior Developer, C, .Net, Business Process Management, BPM, Workflow, Worcestershire. A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join a well established technology company who operate within a niche market sector. Based in Worcestershire, the company offers a range of consultancy and software development services aimed at enhancing business performance across targeted areas of the business. The clients range from small businesses through to global organisations across the public and private sector. You will be responsible for working alongside these clients, both onsite and remotely, to produce solutions that are not only functional but also practical to the needs of the clients business. The successful applicant will hold a degree (minimum ****) in Computer Science or a related topic. You will have at least some programming experience with C and the .Net framework, either from your academic studies or ideally in a commercial setting, perhaps a placement year during your studies. A solid understanding of databases would be useful, specifically experience with SQL Server. Further to these technical skills, a general understanding of business and a genuine interest in BPM and workflow would be advantageous. Applicants will be expected to have a high level literacy and numeracy skills due to the nature of the work involved. The role would ideally suit a recent graduate looking to secure their first permanent role or perhaps someone with a small amount of commercial programming experience looking for better career progression. This is a brilliant chance to join a growing company offering excellent personal development and exciting projects to work on. Based in Worcestershire, commutable from Worcester, Malvern, Evesham, Pershore, Ledbury, Tewkesbury, Hereford, Kidderminster, Droitwich and Cheltenham. Occasional international travel may be required. Salary **** commensurate with experience.