Title: CRM Application Delivery Analyst – Chamberlains Dept
Webindex: 70754821
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: CRM Application Delivery Analyst Chamberlains Dept Reference no: City **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: EC2V **** What s involved with this role: To work in a Team environment within the IS Division, carrying out systems analysis and systems programming work to develop and / or maintain the City of London s corporate CRM applications To work closely with customers to specify, develop, maintain and document central and/or departmental applications. Solutions and software upgrades to be tested and implemented in a timely and effective manner in consultation with other teams within the IS Division. Duties include: Liaise with and provide expert advice to customers before and during development/maintenance work for applications, and assist in the production of functional specifications as necessary. Produce complex technical specifications, install, configure and test packaged software, in line with agreed customer requirements; development to be done in close liaison with the customer. Plan, manage and implement complex projects which contribute to the development of corporate applications Document fully all inhouse system work and site specific enhancements in line with site standards, facilitating efficient support and maintenance on an ongoing basis. Contribute to the drafting, maintenance and review of new policies, procedures and initiatives which relate to systems analysis and programming work. Maintain software version control and arrange live release of code in a timely, effective, and efficient manner, in consultation with customers and other relevant IS Division teams, using the division s Change Management system. Maintain a test environment and ensure that adequate testing is performed for all likely scenarios, including volume testing and any network traffic/remote site issues. Provide first line support in the event of system software failure. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also highlight that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Highly IT literate, with an excellent understanding of Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011 Experienced in supporting Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011. Able to understand/interpret user requirements and being able to set up CRM Have a good working knowledge and practical experience of configuring CRM. Good people skills with an ability to explain how CRM could be used to deliver business requirements as well as having an understanding of the underlying technology. In addition, able to build and maintain effective relationships with customers and colleagues. Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Chamberlains/ICT/CRM Applications Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 2 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited