Title: Datawarehouse/BI Solution Architect  Insurance Sector
Webindex: 71774568
Company: IPS
Description: Datawarehouse/BI Solution Architect  Insurance Sector  Solution Provider  Permanent Excellent Global solution provider who has a significant presence in the Insurance sector is seeking Datawarehouse/BI Solution Architect to join an international established team of Architects. The main responsibly of the role is to support, maintenance, development and implementation their MI and finance solutions. Are you a recognised expert in the technologies, tools, frameworks and methodologies that underpin DW/BI solutions? Are you a strategic and creative thinker able to demonstrate strong leadership taking responsibility to drive and evolve the technical roadmap? Have represented a company as the technical authority in front clients? Has proactively identifies opportunities for improving existing client implementations be an integral aspect of your present position? Is part of your present role/experience to actively mentor and coach other team members to ensure knowledge is managed optimally throughout the team? The successful candidate will have ideally built their career within the Insurance domain but if not candidates across the financial services sector will be considered. The successful candidate will have the following technical experience and knowledge. SQL Server 2005/**** (R2)/2012 SSIS/SSAS/SSRS Experience of specific integration of MI offerings within a wider solution stack. Microsoft Business Intelligence Stack (SharePoint for example) Data modelling Microsoft Visual Basic .NET an advantage but not required Credibility with clients and the business community Ability to lead and influence opinions in a consultative cooperative manner Problem solving and analytical skills Clear, concise and thorough communication, written and verbal Designs appropriate solutions according to quality, time, cost, and risk criteria To discuss the full nature of the tasks and responsibilities of this excellent career opportunity with this major brand call Gerard Gibson.