Title: Senior Performance Analyst  Extensive SQL needed, advanced Excel
Webindex: 69546133
Company: ECM Selection Ltd
Description: Summary: Performance Analyst, investment manager, extensive SQL and Excel needed, London, to ****k  bens. This specialised, growing company focusses on managed funds for customer insolvency assets. They have just launched their latest fund and have plans to more than triple the fund within 2 years. The Performance Analyst will be working within a small team of analysts and managing at least one of them. The role will include looking after portfolios; tracking performance vs. expectations; evaluating and making improvements of the portfolios; managing supplies and providing feedback into valuations; and sourcing new opportunities for further investments. The Performance Analyst will have a good degree in a numerate subject from a good university and have extensive professional experience as an analyst working with large datasets within a relational database environment, with analysis covering activities including: insight analysis, MI production and maintenance, building and updating data in ‘sand box’ environment. You will be extensive experience in SQL and advanced knowledge of Excel (you will be required to perform analysis utilising SQL Server Management Studio in conjunction with Excel); and experience in other reporting suites and data analysis packages (SSRS, SPSS, SAS, etc.) is also highly valued. This is an excellent opportunity to join this growing company in this dynamic investment sector. Keywords: SQL, Excel, portfolio, investment, performance, databases, London. Another top job from ECM, the hightech recruitment experts. Even if this job's not quite right, do contact us now  we may well have the ideal job for you. To discuss your requirements call **** **** or email your CV to: registerecmselection.co.uk or visit: www.ecmselection.co.uk. We will always ask before forwarding your CV. Please apply (quoting ref: CW****) only if you are eligible to live and work in the UK. By submitting your details you certify that the information you provide is accurate. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorPerformanceAnalystExtensiveSQLneededadvancedExcel_job****