Title: Risk Data Manager (AVP)  Data
Webindex: 69976392
Company: i3 Resourcing
Description: Risk Data Manager (AVP)  Data Permanent London Up to ****  Bonus  Bens A fantastic opportunity has arisen within my clients risk team. This is a fast paced, cutting edge environment where the successful individual will have the opportunity to make a significant difference. The main purpose of the role is to take responsibility for all the datarelated needs of the capital modelling team within the corporate risk department, you may also provide support to business segment risk teams. Goals: Drive improvements to the data set available to the enterprise risk team, including the capital modelling team. Define and maintain data controls on the data input to the capital model, working with the modelling team. Maintain the Solvency II data directory and related artefacts to ensure compliance with the Solvency II requirements. Responsibilities: Understanding and familiarity with my client's internal model and related models, including Solvency II standard formula and the data needs of the modelling team. This will include the understanding of data needs of modelling actuaries and other SME's. Define these needs in language that is meaningful to both the business data owners and IT. You will be designing and implementing data controls for inputs to the Internal Model and Technical Provisions. Lead data improvement projects to improve the quality of data available to the risk team and maintain awareness of priorities in the risk team. Maintenance of the SII data documentation, including the data directory for the Internal Model and Technical Provisions. Experience: The successful candidate MUST have proven insurance business data analysis experience in a large commercial/reinsurance market. Experience of documenting process and/or data flows to the level of detail needed for handover to IT MS Tools experience including Visio is beneficial as is Solvency II experience. This is a fantastic opportunity for an individual to join a market leader within their field. This is an AVP position and warrants fantastic career opportunities. Please call for more details. Risk Data Manager (AVP)  Data Permanent London Up to ****  Bonus  Bens