Title: Litigation Support Data Hosting Supervisor
Webindex: 68681723
Company: Specialist Solutions UK
Description: Do you have experience of all phases of the litigation life cycle and leading electronic discovery technologies? Do you have experience of managing hosted review platforms such as Relativity or other ediscovery platforms? If so then we would like to hear from you as we are currently recruiting for one of the fastest growing professional service firms in the UK as a Senior Hosting Engineer in London. In this role you will:  Troubleshooting of hosting platform software issues courteously and expeditiously  Support project teams in the effective use of Relativity for analysis, document review and production  Relativity case management (loading documents, administering users, setting up case structure, provide advanced reporting)  Relativity application system administration and maintenance (backups, index management, capacity management, archiving and recovery)  Escalated support, problem identification and resolution for Relativity  Answer and appropriately handle incoming customer support requests via email, voicemail, phone, IM, and inperson requests. Escalate or transfer problems when appropriate.  Construction of hosting databases and all associated tasks.  Perform production creation activities Requirement  Considerable years` experience in a litigation support environment working with electronic discovery systems in terabytesized matters  Sound experience with Relativity system and case administration or related hosting platform  Solid understanding of general Windows system administration  Understanding of general networking principles used in hosted solutions  Understanding of hardware used in hosted solutions  Good communication skills with the ability to communicate technical concepts to nontechnical personnel in a clear manner.  Serviceoriented, willing to work additional hours as necessary including weekends.  Able to manage multiple projects and work under stressful conditions and time deadlines.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills and demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team environment.  Excellent followup skills to see tasks through to resolution, and communicate problem status to end users such as notification of completion, notification of delay, and explaining rationale.  Solid understanding of all Microsoft applications and operating systems.  ****:1 degree in Computer Science or related field strongly preferred The remuneration package will consist of a basic salary of between ******** plus 15% bonus and corporate benefits to include healthcare, pension, life assurance, and further training and development. For more information and a meeting with the client in January please apply online in the first instance. ALL APPLICATIONS WILL BE RESPONDE TO, AND ALL APPLICATIONS WILL BE TREATED IN THE STRICKTEST OF CONFIDENCE. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LitigationSupportDataHostingSupervisor_job****