Title: Finance and Procurement Analyst
Webindex: 68350817
Description: THE BUSINESS The organisation draws together HR, Payroll, Finance, Procurement, IT and other core servces. Our purpose is to help our clients focus more of their resources on doing what they do best. Service excellence means more than completing transactions competently; the organisation has been set up to deliver addedvalue. This means our people make a big contribution to the value we offer our clients through specialist knowledge, advice and standards of service. THE ROLE This role is for a handson Oracle Functional Support for Oracle eBusiness Suite R**** in particular: Core Financials (GL, AP, AR, SLA, eTax), Procurement (iProc, core Purchasing). They would also provide expert analysis and/or documentation for : System changes, enhancements and developments Testing patches and data fixes on the test systems Being responsible for transferring tested patches and data fixes to the Production system, following the standard processes of the organisation. The systems supported include: Oracle ebusiness Suite (Finance, Procurement) The Finance Functional Support Team provide the expert functional support for all the application components of the organisation in Finance and Procurement for their Oracle R**** system, supporting all controlled system instances (for example: Production, UAT, Training and other relevant instances) They are jointly responsible with all other support team members for Data security and integrity and be proactive in identifying opportunities to maximise benefits from applications. PERSON REQUIREMENTS Using strong analytical skills, act as Procurement/Financials applications specialist, lead investigation of system problems to determine type of problem and appropriate resolution. Plan and deliver work to resolve system problems. Work with Oracle on Service Requests. Ensure Customers and ServiceDesk is advised on progress of incident and problem resolution. Provide expert advice on system functional use as required. Provide functional analysis / specifications for system changes, enhancements, system configuration changes. Test systems changes in Test & Production instances Work with DBA and Technical teams Experience in working in a service environment with large enterprise environment and in line with service standards. KNOWLEDGE Essential: A thorough understanding of functional support of Oracle eBusiness Suite R**** in particular:  Core Financials (GL, AR, AP, CM)  Oracle iProcurement  Oracle Purchasing  Oracle eBusiness Tax  Sub Ledger Accounting  Approvals Management Engine (AME)  Technical understanding of the above, in particular:  Tablelevel investigation using SQL  Diagnostics, Tracing and Logging of  User Sessions  Workflow  Concurrent Requests BENEFITS The organisation offers a competitive salary, a choice of a defined benefit or stakeholder pension scheme, 27 days holiday rising to 30 days after 3 years plus an extra **** privilege days. Additional benefits include learning and development opportunities, health care benefits, childcare vouchers and season ticket loans