Title: IT Developer  Hertfordshire
Webindex: 70770383
Company: CK Group 
Description: Amit Shenmar is recruiting for an IT Developer to join a busy IT department within a leading manufacturing company based in Hertfordshire. The IT Developer will be responsible for developing and implementing solutions essentially in ASP.Net and C alongside Sharepoint. Primary Responsibilities will include: Developing and implementing .Net projects, Sharepoint applications and web parts. Researching and recommending third party vendor solution that can improve the Sharepoint implementation when required. The successful IT Developer will have solid organisational and planning skills and will be required to have the: Ability to develop, implement and support a solution. Ability to organise workload to ensure that agreed project objectives are met. Ability to analyse user requirements. Ability to define solutions and to provide recommendations for optimal application realization. IT Developer skills and experience required: Experience with developing web applications using .NET Framework, C , ASP .NET, XML, SOAP, XSLT, HTML, DHTML, VBScript, JavaScript, CSS. Experience with Office SharePoint Server ****/2010, InfoPath, Forms Services, Search, Business Connectivity Service and Web Services in a variety of business environments Experience with design, web parts development, management and troubleshooting with a focus on planning, provisioning, deploying and supporting enterprise SharePoint implementations Experience as a SharePoint Developer in the analysis, design, handson creation and delivery of SharePointbased applications Experience with SharePoint must include SharePoint Designer workflows, navigation customization, and some branding customization. CK IT is an Equal Opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all who meet our selection criteria. If you do not hear back from us within **** working days of your application for this role, it means that on this occasion you have not been shortlisted for the next stage of the recruitment campaign. Entitlement to work in the EEA is essential. Please quote reference IT**** in all correspondence