Title: Java Developer  Boutique FX Trading House
Webindex: 70585605
Company: Harrington Starr
Description: Java Developer  Java, Concurrency, Multi Threading, Messaging, TMS, Object Oriented Programming, Design Boutique FX Trading House. West London. ****K  Benefits  Generous Bonus Harrington Starr is working with a Boutique FX Trading House to find a Java Developer to work on the development of their 24 hour, low latency trading systems. As the Java Developer (Concurrency, TMS) in this firm you will be learning from some of the best Java Developers in the City building low latency trading systems in highly multi threaded Java. This firm trade across all time zones and for 24 hours so you will be consistently developing new trading tools and new trading systems for emerging markets, with a focus on FX and equities trading. This firm have been very successful over the larger 5 years by employing a range of arbitrage methods to consistently generate excellent profits. You will be working with the smartest minds in the City and will be working closely with the traders, so you will be able to consistently see them using your tools and implementing your systems. Excellent knowledge of Java and Java Concurrency  Essential Strong multi threading experience  Essential Experience with Trading System Development  Highly Beneficial Experience with a range of Java messaging  Beneficial Knowledge of Financial Assets such as FX, Equities or Fixed Income  Beneficial This Boutique FX Trading House will be a great place for a Java Developer (Concurrency, TMS) who is highly technical and wants to move into a environment where they will be using the latest Java techniques and working extremely closely with a range of traders. Please send your C.V. to Tom Kemp at Harrington Starr for the full spec. Java Developer  Java, Concurrency, Multi Threading, Messaging, TMS, Object Oriented Programming, Design This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JavaDeveloperBoutiqueFXTradingHouse_job****