Title: Data Analyst/Data Scientist
Webindex: 68181230
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Job Title: Data Analyst / Data Scientist Salary: ****k Location: London My client has an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to join their team. They are working with a large database of domestic energy readings, developing algorithms to derive consumer and utility insight that can be deployed at scale. This includes appliance disaggregation, personalised energy usage, tariff design and other business insight. The successful individual will be responsible for working with the available data to develop new insight. They are looking for a commercially aware individual who is confident working with multiple data sets to determine new sources of value. It is a role for someone who is part engineer and part artist, who aspires to be or can claim to be a better software engineer than any statistician and a better statistician than any software engineer. Key Responsibilities practical experience of data mining. Experience of working with structured, unstructured and timeseries data The ability to extract value and insight from data Capable of fast development of prototype code to demonstrate insight Aware of the value of combining multiple data sets Experienced in sourcing and incorporating public data sets Working with quantitative developers to specify the basis for algorithm development Developing and maintaining tools to import data from other external sources, including MDMS feeds from utilities with smart meters, associated customer information and other relevant data sources Gathering requirements from and presenting solutions to Clients. Experience in the following areas is required: Commercial experience of developing insight and data mining for large customers. Experience of handling large databases Thorough knowledge of data validation and reporting techniques. Demonstrable experience in the manipulation and processing of large datasets, including unstructured and timeseries Excellent awareness of the commercial value of data Advanced user of BI Reporting tools such as Crystal Reports, Business Objects or Cognos Client relationship skill including requirements capture and presentation of ideas and solutions. You should also have: The ability to innovate and contribute ideas freely both within your specialty and as part of the wider business A willingness to work quickly and flexibly as part of a dynamic team in a fast moving startup Be able to work to work individually tight timescales in a commercial environment If you are interested in this role, please apply with your CV and covering letter or message