Title: Oracle HR Functional Support Analyst
Webindex: 68627684
Company: Sand Resources. A division of InterQuest Group  Ltd
Description: Oracle HR Functional Support Analyst An opportunity has arisen within a major Government sector organisation to join a busy HR Systems Functional Support team and a Functional Support Analyst for Oracle eBusiness Suite R**** HR modules. The HR Systems functional support team provide the expert functional support for all the application components of HR and Payroll. The systems include Oracle eBusiness Suite R**** (HR, CRM and Payroll) and OBIEE (Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition). Role Responsibilities: To provide expert analysis and documentation for system changes, enhancements and developments; systems testing; handovers to the UAT Training teams; control of application processes To investigate system problems, determining the root of the issue and actioning an appropriate resolution Ensure that the Help Desk is advised on progress of incident resolution Provide expert advice on system functional use to other teams within the organisation Work alongside the Quality Assurance team to develop and maintain regression scripts and UAT scripts Provide functional analysis and produce specifications for system changes, enhancements, system configuration changes Lead testing of systems changes in Test System instances Lead preparation of changes for handover to UAT Training Work with DBA and Technical teams to fully utilise the OBIEE tool set Perform application processes required for period based processing Skills and Experience Required: Thorough functional knowledge of Oracle eBusiness Suite HR modules (R**** preferred). Modules include: Oracle Learning Management (OLM)  Oracle iRecruit Oracle Employee Self Service Oracle Manager Self Service Oracle Performance Management OBIEE and Discoverer Work Structures People Management Absence CRM Experience of working on an enterprise level system project implementation Ability to work in a structured manner and in line with operating standards such as those associated with configuration management Strong analytical skills Good communication skills Ability to work within a multi skilled team Proactive, with ability to work without detailed supervision Ability to multitask and to prioritise effectively. An aptitude for knowing when issues need escalating. Ability to develop new skills quickly Ability to change and have a flexible approach to supporting multiple application functions Apply now for Immediate Consideration. Sand Resources is an equal opportunity employer committed to a policy of treating all employees and job applicants equally. It is our aim to take all reasonable steps to employ and promote on the basis of ability and qualifications without regard to race, religion, colour, sex, age, national origin, disability or sexual orientation. Our recruitment takes place based only on skills and experience of the candidates. Sand Resources is acting as an employment agency in relation to this vacancy.