Title: SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT TEST ENGINEER, BRISTOL
Webindex: 67652642
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: Software Development Test Engineer, Bristol. Our client creates eLearning and mLearning platforms for some of the largest and most innovative companies in the world and we are looking for an experienced Software Development Test Engineer (SDTE) to join their team, initially for a **** month maternity cover, based at their head office just north of Bristol. Are you an experienced test engineer with a passion for the software testing discipline? Is so, we want to hear from you. THE ROLE As an SDTE you will work with the Software Development Engineers and Project Managers to build the next generation of learning technology tools and applications. You will participate in all aspects of the software development life cycle from planning, design, and implementation all the way to release. Responsibilities:  Manage and ensure the quality of selected product releases.  Develop, improve and extend automated test frameworks.  Work with the software development team to help measure and drive product quality and continual improvement. THE PERSON As a Software Development Test Engineer, you should have a passion for software testing and a strong motivation for delivering quality products. The successful candidate will be a team player, extremely well organised, proactive and with a proven track record in software testing, most likely with a software development background. You will be able to demonstrate sound knowledge of software testing principles together with hands on experience of a variety of software testing tools. Key Skills:  Proven knowledge of web and desktop software testing techniques and principles.  Experience with automated test frameworks.  Experience of Web application performance and scalability testing.  Ability to work well and participate effectively in a team environment. Location: Our client s attractive offices are just north of Bristol with stunning views of the Cotswolds. To apply for this role you must be within easy commuting distance and have a full driving licence and your own transport. THE PACKAGE Our client offers a comprehensive benefits package that you would expect from a worldclass employer. This includes a competitive salary (in the range **** to **** per annum pro rata depending on experience), profit related bonus, pension, medical plan, share options, generous paid vacation and career growth opportunities. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Software Development Test Engineer will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Software, Development Engineer, Test Engineer