Title: Solutions Architects  Web Services  BizTalk, SQL Server, Net
Webindex: 68680447
Company: Whitehall Resources Ltd
Description: Solutions Architects  Web Services  Microsoft BizTalk, SQL Server, .NET Framework West London ****/**** plus benefits A global media company is looking for a skilled Solution Architect to join the ranks within the Technology area. Successfully deliver technology solutions required in the area, managing and creating proactive, enthusiastic and delivery oriented project teams within a matrix reporting structure. Essential: •Do you have experience architecting and delivering world class applications within complex commercial operations build upon Microsoft BizTalk server, Microsoft SQL Server and .NET Framework technologies? •Do you have experience of operating in solutions architecture and senior developer roles within a challenging, changeable environment comprising multiple business systems and complex architectures? Purpose of the role Operates as part of the design team, owning the definition and technical delivery of 3rd party or in house developed solutions into dedicated business areas. Ensures applications are complete and fitforpurpose in terms of their ability to address stakeholder requirements in a cost effective manner, balancing current requirements against the enterprise architecture vision and technical feasibility. Defines full solution evolution, from creation to decommission, ensuring that solutions aligned to the overall enterprise architecture, technology strategy and business needs. Communicates actively with technical and nontechnical communities to ensure they fully understand the technology vision and how to apply this when designing/delivering projects services. Accountabilities Design and specify the most suitable solution within the technical constraints and priorities of the business addressing areas based upon functional and nonfunctional requirements, commercial value and time to market. Actively contribute to the efficient delivery of multiple, concurrent projects in all stages of the delivery and support cycle, developing and pairing with team members where required. Ensure that business needs, objectives and technical domain are well understood for a business area, and that this knowledge is applied when defining project scope, success factors and technical solutions. Effectively communicate complex technical concepts to a variety of technical and nontechnical audiences. Understand modern technologies, approaches, patterns, principles and methodologies of software engineering and promote their use within the organisation. Strategic Planning Decision Making Continually assess the effectiveness and suitability of technology for the needs of the business within the context of the enterprise technology roadmap. Evaluate alternative business solutions to technology needs including partnerships, outsourcing and insourcing options, presenting these options without bias. Knowledge Skills Possess a deep understanding of architectural principles, enterprise design patterns, and methods of delivering nonfunctional requirements across a range of solution types. Strong background in applying enterprise integration patterns across messaging and service orientated architectures. Keen problem solver, able to see both the detailed and wider picture, and identify creative solutions Must have extensive experience of delivering large scale websites enterprise grade business solutions using the Microsoft technology stack, including: •extensive experience of enterprise integration technologies preferably Microsoft Biztalk, including ESB toolkit/UDDI •knowledge of the Microsoft solution development stack, including .NET Framework (C, WCF, ASP.NET, MVC) and Microsoft SQL Server •understanding of integration and communication technologies, including REST, SOAP, XML, JSON, (S)FTP Ideally have real world experience of the following solutions and technologies: •CMS solutions e.g. sitefinity, umbraco, wordpress, drupal, etc •front end development technologies: HTML, CSS, Javascript •content delivery networks and development of content caching strategies •multimedia content delivery platforms •other development technology stacks (LAMP, Flash, RoR, etc), database technologies (MySQL, Oracle, noSQL/semantic databases) and infrastructure This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SolutionsArchitectsWebServicesBizTalkSQLServerNet_job****