Title: ERP Application Support Analyst/Programmer
Webindex: 69541541
Company: Morson International
Description: Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Application Support Analyst/Programmer/Microsoft Dynamics AX and Vizual HR Business Applications Analyst Leicester, Leicestershire UK is required to provide IT technical support and consultancy to all aspects of the business. The role consists of Data Analysis and Manipulation / ERP Systems Configuration and Support/ Developing Solutions and Reports and Documentation. Expertise required in Oracle/SAP/SAGE/Microsoft Dynamics AX ERP Applications. This role requires SC Security Clearance. Morson International is pleased to be recruiting on behalf of our Bluechip client, who are currently seeking to recruit a skilled ERP Application Support Analyst for a role which will be based in Leicestershire on a permanent basis. The position we are recruiting for is: Microsoft AX and HR Business Analyst supporting the user base in using and the limited development of the Dynamics AX ERP and Vizual HR business applications. Also working with the business to identify new business information and reporting requirements, then using the tools available to implement these. A good knowledge of Finance / Supply Chain / ERP systems and specific knowledge of Microsoft AX is required, it would also be advantageous to have AX Certification but it is not essential. The candidate should have a degree or a similar qualification in Computer Science, a history of implementing and supporting ERP systems as well as developing solutions that meet Customer requirements and maintaining a high standard of documentation. The individual will be required to have a good overall understanding of IT and its relation to the business, strong communication skills both written and verbal. Candidate needs to have skills in data analysis and manipulation, ERP systems configuration, strong software development skills particularly in X and MorphX. The role will also require infrequent travel to other sites. Skills Required: ERP Systems Configuration such as Oracle/SAP/SAGE/Microsoft Dynamics AX Expertise in HR Business Applications Software Development and Programming in ERP Expertise in Support and Planning and BAU of applications Working knowledge of Finance / Supply Chain / ERP systems Dynamics AX Certification a distinct advantage Software Development Skills particularly in X and MorphX Degree or equivalent in Computer Science Strong Communication (Written and Verbal) and Customer Facing ExpertiseJob Profile: Sound theoretical able to apply current technologies to new applications Requires supervision when faced with unusual problems Requires guidance in assessing alternative solutions to identify the fit for purpose option Contributes to selection of ideas but does not innovate Has wide expertise in own discipline and general understanding of other disciplines Makes confident decisions where full information is available Achieves beyond set tasks when asked Plans and monitors own work systematically, taking corrective action on own initiative Monitors and minimises costs in own work area wherever possible Understands the impact of own activity on team budgets Assesses and reacts quickly to customer needs and resolves their concerns Plans and monitors key elements of own work and impact on the overall project/task Takes on newly delegated tasks willingly Establishes effective communications links with internal & external customers, presents and exchanges information with colleagues, makes positive contribution in discussions/meetings with some effect on outcome and Coaching and Training Skills.In addition the successful candidate will have a strong IT support background and indepth knowledge of all current Microsoft server and infrastructure products and a formal Microsoft engineering qualification or working towards one a distinct advantage. Please note due to the nature of this role/projects any job offers will be dependent on the successful candidate having satisfactory BPSS Baseline and SC Security Clearance having 5 year referencing. Location: Leicestershire, UK Salary: ****k p/a plus benefits including 25 days annual leave plus public/bank holidays, Pension Contributory up to 8%, Share Scheme, Cycle to work scheme, National and Local Perks. Hours: 37 hours per week. Monday to Friday. Core Hours ****:00am  ****:30pm. Flexible working hours. Additionally the successful candidate will be motivated and dynamic and the individual must have strong personal/communication/customer facing skills. Candidates who are enthusiastic and eager to improve plus help others, communicate with management/colleagues/customers at all levels and successfully drive through projects/work will be ideally suited. This is an excellent role where you will have the opportunity to build on your existing skills and grow within an interesting environment for a blue chip organisation. Please reply with your Word .doc CV, Coversheet, availability and salary required for immediate consideration. Due to the numbers of CVs received if you do not get a response from Morson International within 7 days, unfortunately you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. Morson International is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy