Title: Head of IT Strategy Delivery  Infrastructure Architecture
Webindex: 71855915
Company: ReThink Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Head of IT Strategy Delivery Infrastructure, Architecture Transformation This is an exciting time to join an established organisation that is currently going through a significant period of change and transformation that will have a significant impact on the IT landscape. As such, the company is looking to recruit a new IT leader to develop the technical strategy, vision and roadmap, then deliver and manage a futureproof IT landscape. One of the immediate challenges is to reengineer and transform the current infrastructure application estate to ensure this is fit for purpose, as the organisation continues to expand and evolve. As such, we are looking for an individual with a track record of legacy infrastructure decommissioning and a handson background of architecting futurestate IT landscapes. Although the key focus is around IT infrastructures, an appreciation of software application best practice is essential. A key remit of the role will involve managing the teams responsible for delivering this strategy and defining the future structure of the IT function. Key skills and experience:  Proven track record of working in a senior IT leadership role with experience of leading and managing multidisciplinary IT teams both direct and matrixmanagement  Experience of leading and managing significant infrastructure transformation programmes from a technical delivery perspective.  A background in Enterprise Solution Architecture, ideally to include TOGAF certification. Must be familiar with a range of architecture models and best practices.  Demonstrates a broad understanding of a widerange of IT systems and technology areas, including; Infrastructure, Networking, Software, Governance, Security etc  Excellent stakeholder relationship management skills must be comfortable communicating at CxO level and working crossfunctional departments and teams.  A background gained in a clientfacing / IT consulting environment would be useful.  Holder of industry certifications / qualifications such as; BSc Degree, Prince****/PMW/MSP, ISEB, ISO, Agile, ITIL, SCRUM etc.We are acting as an Employment Agency