Title: Mobile PHP Developer
Webindex: 68360799
Company: IT Human Resources
Description: Job Description You will have demonstrated solid PHP programming experience with a strong focus on retail / ecommerce / transactional websites and mobile technology. You will have excellent PHP, HTML/CSS/Javascript, and Object Oriented programming skills as well as extensive experience in Android, Apple IOS and Windows 8 tablets and other mobile devices. You will be flexible in your approach to the role and will have the ability to complete multiple tasks to challenging deadlines. Exposure to online retail is preferred. You will have the communications skills to collaborate with Designers, Project Managers, other Programmers, Test Analysts and Business Analysts to ensure projects are delivered on time to the highest quality. You must have 2 years of relevant commercial experience. Solution Development and Delivery Designs and codes technical solutions using Object Oriented Programming. Demonstrable track record of developing dynamic websites using PHP Strong HTML skills, including CSS and scripting In depth knowledge and experience of writing applications for Android, Apple IOS and Windows 8 tablets and other mobile devices Relational database skills, with experience of MySQL Easily recognizes system deficiencies and implements effective solutions Participates in the systems development lifecycle Participates in the testing of systems being developed Works effectively in a team Seeks and participates in development opportunities above and beyond required training Suggests areas for improvement in internal processes along with possible solutions Actively contributes to AllSaints ECommerce Development Team knowledge base (WIKI) Project Execution Ability to complete multiple tasks to challenging deadlines Flexible in approach to the role Reports progress, issues, risks to Management Team Desirable skills/ experience include: Facebook JQuery Smarty Apache AJAX Data modeling UML SOAP/REST 3rd party integration Experience of at least one payment gateway Automated unit testing Performance tuning Version control (subversion) Issue management tools (JIRA) Linux Email Agile methodology Leadership Generates enthusiasm among team members. Proactively seeks opportunities to improve processes, procedures etc Mentors those with less experience through informal channels Facilitates effective and positive team interaction Personal qualities Has a 'Can Do' attitude Enthusiastic Excellent problemsolving ability Ability to prioritise Stays calm under pressure Thrives in a fastpaced environment ITHR is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. ITHR is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/MobilePHPDeveloper_job****