Title: New Business and Account Management – Basingstoke – ****kOTE
Webindex: 69042643
Company: Penguin Recruitment Ltd
Description: We are looking for a senior sales candidate to join a very friendly team in a growing industry. You will be selling leading IT Solutions and Services to businesses across the UK. This company has vast knowledge of what works and what is most cost effective for their customers. Specialising in a full range of solutions including security, networking, and unified communications, you will get the opportunity as an Account Manager to work with their global partners such as HP, Microsoft and IBM. You will proactively research, prospect and close accounts, and regularly look to find new opportunities for sales with current accounts. You will be providing exceptional customer service with your technical and advanced knowledge of the industry. To do this you will need to build lasting relationships and know the needs of what your customers require. The ideal Account Manager will have experience selling IT with at least 12 years working with an IT reseller in particular. You will need to provide evidence of your gross profit figures, and show that you are ambitious and methodical in your work. Most importantly, you will need to have experience developing new business, and be driven and enthusiastic. They are looking for the best Account Managers who want to gain career progression, and are able to hit and better still, over achieve on targets. Their basic salary ranges starting at ****k****k  OTE, but there is a lucrative commission package on offer. Interested in this or other IT Sales roles? Please contact me on **** **** or alternatively, email a copy of your CV to myself, gemma.bubbpenguinrecruitment.co.uk for immediate consideration. Commutable Locations  Basingstoke, Andover, Oakley, Overton, Whitchurch, Kingsclere, Newbury, Reading, Theale, Thatcham, Tadley, Hook, Kings Worthy, New Alresford, Alton, Wokingham, Odiham, Fleet, Franham, Aldershot, Farnboroguh, Camberley, Sandhurst Keywords  IT Sales Executive, IT solutions sales Executive, IT Services Sales Executive, IT Sales Account Manager, IT solutions Account Manager, IT Services Account Manager, Managed Services, Professional services, Support services, Infrastructure solutions, virtualisation, storage solutions, networking solutions