Title: PHP Developer  Web / Agency / Magento  Leeds
Webindex: 67903602
Company: Searchability  Ltd
Description: Web Developer  Magento / PHP / Linux / Apache  Leeds Searchability are proud to be partnered with one of the regions most successful and dynamic Web agencies in their quest to source Yorkshire s finest Magento Talent. Due to unprecedented expansion my client is seeking to recruit Yorkshires top PHP / Web talent. My client boasts an excellent working environment working on an array of market leading revolutionary products and services within the ECommerce / PHP / Web Environs. Eligibility Criteria You must have Magento / PHP Ecomms experience. You must reside within the Leeds / West Yorks area. You must have an impressive online Portfolio that showcases your PHP skills.You must have a passion s business. Communicating with the client during the development and user acceptance testing phases of projects to ensure functionality meets their requirements. Working on market leading . Zend Magento Version Control Software Linux/Apache Server Administration EcommercePlease call Martin Blythe on (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) for further information regarding the company, culture and role. Please apply now to register your interest in this vacancy. Also feel free to take a look at (url removed) which is our new online candidate portal to help assist with your job search and online presence. To celebrate the launch of our brand new (url removed) website we re giving away a FREE brand new iPad mini to every candidate we successfully place into a new role, upon completion of their first month with the company. And that s not all  if you refer our services to a friend or colleague and we go on to place them into a new position, then we ll give you a miniiPad as well. It s that simple. So if you know anyone who could benefit from our services then please let us know by emailing so you can be considered for future or alternative roles in your location. KeySkills: PHP / MySQL / Apache / Linux / Graduate / Magento / Ecommerce / Web / Developer