Title: Senior Credit Risk Analyst, SAS
Webindex: 71775008
Company: Eurobase People
Description: Senior Credit Risk Analyst Senior Credit Risk Analyst required for a leading Financial Services organisation based in London. As Senior Credit Risk Analyst you will, through data analytics and modelling, to build, monitor and maintain the risk/reward and models which govern the profitability assessment of clients on the portfolios and through data analytics, to set, monitor and adjust the credit risk policy and rules which govern the acceptance of assets onto the book. If you have good analytical skills in SAS/SQL we'd be keen to hear from you. Senior Credit Risk Analyst responsibilities: Model Build and Maintenance (35%) Build, own and manage the risk/reward models for the portfolios controlled, including the inputs, outputs and decision engine of each model. Own and manage the risk hurdles and business decision framework used by the business to manage the portfolio appetite for risk and value generation. Ensure all current regulation and group methodologies are accurately utilised in the models the role is accountable for. Accountable for the quality of data and information included in models, as well as ensuring data refreshes are timely and accurate. Strategy Analytics (35%) Undertake data driven analysis (primarily SAS) to support the setting and management of the risk framework, decision hurdles and segmentation used within the modelling process Undertake data driven analysis (primarily SAS) to support the implementation of Front End credit risk strategies, including scorecard cut off levels and policy rules (eg high loan refer limits) for all segments within the portfolio. Produce loss rate forecasts for retailers/brokers within their portfolio to enable regular repricing of retailers/dealers to reflect expected losses. Support team leader and wider team on any business projects which relay on accurate use of models, (eg cutoff setting, policy rule reviews etc). Communication  Stakeholder Management (15%) Deliver clear, concise, and effective communication of the risk/reward strategy and model status and accuracy and policy to team leader and other key stakeholders. Ensure ongoing communications with key business stakeholders at senior level: Finance, CRO, MD, Commercial heads. Chair and own the model forum for all business units within remit. Governance and Control (15%) Own documentation and governance for all models and model changes implemented. Support external reviews of all strategies and policy's eg Audit, Peer review and ensure we remain compliant as a business to all internal and external controls. Credit Risk/SAS/SQL/Strategy/Analytics/Modelling/Policy/Modeller/Forecasting/Risk Management/Data Analytics/Stakeholder Management ****  ****  London weighting, Bonus, Pension, Life Assurance, Healthcare, Flexible benefits and more Eurobase People are acting as a Recruitment Agency