Title: IT Director
Webindex: 67210535
Description: IT Director The IT Director will take full responsibility for the IT infrastructure and internal systems of a 350m turnover, group structure organisation. Basic salary of ****  ****  bonus  car allowance  substantial share options  pension  private healthcare. Based between Southampton and Fareham, this role has a substantial business focus and as the IT Director you will be responsible for the input of strategic direction and delivery of IT change and project work, while forming strong relationships with business stakeholders across the business and with third parties. Proven and effective leadership, communication and diplomacy skills are requirements for the role. You will be a key member of the Senior Management Team, reporting directly to the CEO. You will provide direction and influence strategy to ensure that all business needs are fully supported. Active engagement with the leadership team will be required in order to ensure both day to day and strategic IT activities are aligned to business challenges. The purpose of this role is to ensure that IT delivers a high level of value to the business through robust business critical systems and ongoing enhancement to support business goals. The successful candidate must have managed direct reports and ideally would have experience within the professional services sector (this is not an essential requirement). Key requirements for the role:  Management of the delivery of all IT services across applications, development and a geographically dispersed (multisite, UK and International), Microsoft / Cisco infrastructure.  Key player in strategic decision making with regard to IT governance including performance and risk management.  Management of IT Operations and Development teams totalling circa **** staff.  Management of a complex, bespoke CRM system (based on VB.Net and SQL), together with all corporate software licencing.  Disaster Recovery  Negotiation of contracts with external suppliers for ICT services and development resources Ideally you will come from a background of senior IT Management within a professional services environment, where you have taken responsibility for managing complex systems (including CRM systems), and been a key player in managing IT change, introducing innovations and ensuring IT best practice. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a wellestablished and AIM listed organisation at an exciting period of investment and growth, in which you will play a key part in driving forward the IT and business strategy. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy