Title: Mobile Customer Support Engineer (1st / 2nd line support)
Webindex: 70677579
Company: Syntax Consultancy Limited
Description: Mobile Customer Support Engineer Sunderland GBP**** per annum Are you looking for a new opportunity with exciting prospects and working with cutting edge technology??? Syntax are currently looking for IT engineers to work within RM Education. RM are an award winning, company who are the leading supplier of ICT into Education. They offer excellent opportunities to work in a rewarding environment with the chance to fulfil your long term career ambitions. Job Description An opportunity has been created for a Mobile Customer Support Engineer working on RM`s Sunderland BSF Programme. The role requires the successful candidate to provide onsite technical support across a number of BSF secondary schools and to help in the delivery of the Managed Service to the customer`s satisfaction meeting contractual Service Level Agreements. Reporting to the BSF Operational Team Leader, the candidate will help to provide high quality technical support, ensure that ICT availability is delivered and ensure that regular and timely communication with the customers and the wider support team is maintained. Skills Required  Communication and influencing  Customer Focus  Planning and organising  Problem Solving  Ideally, experience working with ICT in Education (Learning Platforms, email, interactive whiteboards, monitoring software) Key Responsibilities  Respond to and resolve ICT incidents in order to maintain contracted service levels  Maintain accurate incident records  Regularly communicate with the users and wider Managed Service team to keep them updated and informed  Ensure spares are maintained to guarantee service availability  Assist in with implementing changes to the ICT provision in line with requests made by the customer through the Change Process.  Understand the ICT solution delivered to the school and identify areas of improvement Benefits You would be entitled to the following benefits:  25 Days Annual Leave (option to buy an extra 5 days)  Personal Company related Bonus Scheme  Group Personal Pension  Private Medical Healthcare  Income Protection  Life Assurance The following voluntary benefits are also available:  Childcare Vouchers  Cycle to Work Scheme  Give As You Earn (GAYE)  Employee Referral Scheme  Voluntary Dental Plan  Voluntary Health Cash Plan  Voluntary Critical Illness Cover  Voluntary Health Assessments In order to apply for these positions, please visit URL removed and complete the short online application form. If your application matches the role`s requirements, you will receive a phone call from one of our consultants who will discuss the opportunity in more detail with you, and be happy to answer your questions about the role. We always endeavour to respond to each unsuitable application, however, due to current high volumes of applications it is not always possible to achieve this. Thank you for your understanding. Syntax Consultancy Ltd operates as an Employment Business and Agency.