Title: Mobile Developer  Applications (****k  users)  London
Webindex: 68627001
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Mobile Developer  Applications (****k  users)  London Tech: C++, Mobile, iOS, iPhone, iPad, Objective  C, Xcode, UIKit, BlackBerry, Android, Windows Phone, Multithreading, HTML5, JavaScript, Networking, Design Patterns, UNIX My City based client is the world's most trusted source of data and news for businesses professionals. The company combines innovative technology with unrivalled analytic, display and distribution capabilities to deliver key business information globally via their highly advanced multimedia platforms. Their inhouse mobile team (currently c**** people) is looking for a talented Software Engineer to play a key part in the Greenfield expansion of their portfolio of innovative mobile and tablet applications. The role comprises endtoend, Real Time solutions for all mobile platforms (iOS, Android, BlackBerry Windows Phone ****), from the build of a highly reliable Back End to the creative design of the Front End, with the UI always in mind. The ideal candidate will have:  Solid C++ development experience is essential, with exposure to the full software development life cycle  Understanding of Multithreading and networking concepts  Experience developing applications for one or more mobile platform (BlackBerry, iOS, Android, Windows Phone)  Excellent problem solving and multitasking skills, with a creative and flexible attitude  Understanding of design patterns  an impressive portfolio of live apps/personal projects You will join a dynamic team comprised of some of the industry's top developers, working in a fast paced, technically sharp environment. Remuneration is excellent, and career progression is unrivalled. This is a fantastic opportunity to step up in your career and work for a globally reputed organisation, on some of the most advanced mobile software on the market currently. Much more than just a bog standard application development role, here you have the chance to define yourself as a true 'engineer' of software. If interested, please send your CV to me, Jon Salter, for further information. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice.