Title: SQL Server Developer  Senior  SSIS
Webindex: 68346600
Company: Burns Sheehan Limited
Description: SQL Server, SSIS, Data Warehouse, Business Intelligence, TSQL, ETL Major ECommerce company urgently require a talented, senior SQL Server Developer with TSQL and SSIS experience to work within their MIS team and play a role that is essential for the ongoing development of their missioncritical, mature and constantly evolving Data Warehouse. With a continually expanding user base, this is a fantastic opportunity to be involved with the high profile implementation of innovative new solutions for their business processes. Being a large team, there is a lot of scope to become a BI professional acquiring Data Warehousing principles and exposure to the entire BI stack in a supportive environment. Known and loved for their fantastic products and great people, this company have repeatedly paid out an annual bonus and have recently been nominated as one of the best companies to work for in the UK. Responsibilities:  Take ownership of key pieces of Data Warehouse development projects, partnering with senior team members within a multiskilled project team.  Immerse yourself within the team and its architecture, contributing wherever the opportunity exists to the efficient administration of the multiserver Data Warehouse environment.  Liaise with the teams Business Analyst to evaluate business queries, thinking like the end user and translating these requests into technical requirements.  Take ownership of dataquality queries and investigations wherever they occur.  Employ Agile development methodologies and proactively promote best practice and innovation.  Confidently contribute to the development and refinement of our governance structures including Source Control and Release Management techniques.  Other ad hoc duties as required by the business.  Be a committed MIS Team Player Essential Skills Requirements:  A fast learner, who thrives in a fastpaced environment  Graduate (or equivalent) with knowledge of SQL and ETL gained within a SQL Server environment (**** R**** preferable)  Expert knowledge of TSQL, Stored Procedures and SSIS  SSAS (MDX) and SSRS useful but not essential  The ability to meet stringent deadlines  Exceptionally logical, dedicated to detail and passionate about accuracy  Must have the confidence to contribute ideas to the team and working processes, even those outside your daytoday remit This is a fantastic opportunity to join a great company with a relaxed working environment. All candidates with the above skills and experience should apply now. Burns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds.