Title: Data Analyst  EXCEL  Basingstoke
Webindex: 69029992
Description: Data Analyst  Excel Skills  Graduate  Training  Junior  Basingstoke  Permanent  Upto **** We are currently looking for a Data Analyst to join an Environmental Company in Basingstoke. This is an excellent opportunity for a Graduate with Excel skills to join the team. My client is seeking a Data Analyst to join the Business Improvement team. The core objective of the role is to undertake Data Management of existing data within the Environmental team ensuring the Environmental business is running efficiently. You will also be involved in assisting the business development team when the client is bidding for new contracts. Reporting to the Business Improvement Manager you will be working with the companies existing systems to identify and report on efficiencies within existing contracts, collecting and reporting on productivity. Whilst based at the head office in Basingstoke, you will be required to travel to other offices from time to time with the use of a company car. Data Analyst duties include:  Undertake central administration of the internal bespoke software, developing and running reports to identify efficiency improvements within existing contract sites.  Utilising the internal bespoke software to develop a live benchmark database, allowing existing contracts and the bid process to tap into existing performance levels and using this data to develop real life modelling systems.  Supporting the Business Improvement team in identifying the potential for, and helping to implement, improvements to be made within existing contracts.  Attending the internal bespoke software user group meetings to ensure that functionality is being utilised to its potential, providing feedback to and liaising with software providers to make improvements to the systems utilised. The ideal candidate for this role will have the following skills / experience:  Graduate with an interest in IT or equivalent industry experience  Excel skills ( Basic experience )  Analysis experience would be an advantage  Good communications  Ability to learn new technologies Basic salary: ****  **** dependant on experience. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy