Title: Solution Manager IT  Marketing (Traveler Engagement)
Webindex: 71774861
Company: Harvey Nash IT Recruitment UK
Description: This is an exciting opportunity for an innovative and driven individual to join an international company working in a B2B and B2C environment. Formerly purely B2B they have strong ties with the travel industry and are now looking to expand their services, direct to the customer. They are affiliated with nearly **** merchants including some of the world's most widely recognised brands and have an 80% market share of their sector. The Solution Manager is accountable for the delivery of IT projects and services to the clients Marketing function, specifically the Digital and Media space. This Solution Manager IT  Marketing (Traveller Engagement) is accountable for the delivery of IT projects and services to the Clients Marketing function, specifically the direct marketing space, although crossover to other marketing areas can be expected (digital, media etc) This is a new role which reflects the growing emphasis that the Client has placed on marketing in general and consumer (traveller) marketing specifically, both as a means of promoting the Tax Free Shopping and Currency Choice products but also on generating revenue from other products and services managed under the Marketing organization. The company has been historically focussed on a B2B model around merchants and banks, but has embarked on a major change program to build direct relationships with travellers (B2C). This role is pivotal to support the building from greenfield a compelling consumer (traveller) engagement capability. The Solution Manager IT  Marketing (TM) acts as a primary communication point with the marketing teams, and is responsible for the delivery of business and consumer facing development projects and services. The individual will work hand in hand with a range of business stakeholders to capture new requests, drive the gathering of business requirements, and ensure the successful delivery of the projects within their portfolio. They are the main interface between the business and the central IT teams including software development, testing and deployment processes and team. They may also be required to work with third party delivery organisations such as agencies and software vendors. They may also be required to support other projects within the TRM area or the other marketing areas (Corporate Partner Marketing, Media). The post holder will be the go to person for the organisation for the systems, and their long term development. He/she will be influential in the delivery of a range of IT applications and capabilities supporting the business area including: Marketing database Campaign automation (outsourced) Traveller insight Direct marketing Understanding and driving travellers online behaviour (with Solution Manager) B2C related systems CRM These capabilities may be developed with outsource partners and in cooperation with the dedicated in house BI team. Integration with core transactional systems and or data will be required.