Title: Senior Analyst Developer/s
Webindex: 70455657
Company: Hays IT
Description: Our client, a Central Government agency, is the global leader in its market. Currently working on a major ICT programme to support the transformation of the organisation, they have immediate requirements for Senior Analyst Developers to join their development teams where you'd be involved the design, creation, testing and documenting of large and/or complex software programs, regular software releases and performing program modifications. The development teams provide development and support activities for over **** applications. With requirements to move from paper to digital products and services, as well investment by the organisation in improving information technology and systems, there is major programme of migration, reengineering and upgrade projects being undertaken across the next 35 years. As a Senior Analyst Developer you will actively work with the Team Lead to enhance performance, robustness and reliability of the processes and systems, making recommendations on possible changes, and will be part of the team responsible for providing twentyfour/seven support for key systems, including the organisation's flagship digital product, on an oncall rota basis. You will be working on a variety of projects extensively involved with the design, code, test, maintenance and documentation of software applications of various scales and complexities, support of multiple IT applications as well as enhancing existing applications. You will need to review and seek to improve the reliability, robustness, and performance of the existing systems. There will be a focus on the reduction/elimination of reliance on out of date/unsupported software and you will be required to provide technical advice to internal and external customers, analyse customer requirements and problems, generating potential solutions, document changes to the system and application architecture overviews, A key part of the role will be to develop relationships with owners and users for their allocated systems. The successful candidate will be an experienced Seniorlevel Analyst Developer with strong skills in application development on both large and smaller scale projects. You will also have experience providing support services across a wide range of enterprise wide applications and experience migrating or upgrading applications from Legacy technologies will be beneficial. To carry out these roles effectively, you will need to have strong communication and interpersonal skills, being confident in providing advice and guidance on improving business processes and systems to a variety of managers and users. The client utilises Microsoft .NET Framework **** and require a Developer with extensive handson commercial experience with at least two of the following: C/ASP.NET/SQL Server 2005/**** Also, some demonstrable experience with any one  or more  of the following would be beneficial: IIS, XML, VB.NET, C++, VB6, Classic ASP, HTML, Javascript, SharePoint, UML, Oracle, Java, INGRES, UNIX, W****GL OpenRoad. This is a really great opportunity to work within an Agile software development team, in a highly respected organisation with excellent opportunities and other benefits. Employees benefit from civil service status, with access to range of benefits and facilities, but also enjoy the challenge and stimulation of a commercial environment. Some roles also benefit from additional 'on call' allowance payments. As an Investor in People, this organisation offers excellent training opportunities from the induction to professional development and further education. In addition to job training they also offer help with and actively encourage learning, career development and progression. If you meet the above criteria and have the skills and experience required, apply now online with your up to date CV, contact details, availability and salary expectations. Please note applicants must be British/Irish Republic/Commonwealth state/EEA nation Citizens. Successful applicants will require DVA security clearance and will, therefore, need to have resided in the UK for a minimum of 5 years. Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website.