Title: Development Team Lead (SharePoint)
Webindex: 65171536
Description: Development Team Lead Birmingham Up to ****  Capita Benefits Key skills: SharePoint, MOSS / developer / manage / mentor / AGILE / SCRUM Capita Plc and Birmingham City Council have a long standing and successful partnership business, Service Birmingham, and together we provide the IT Infrastructure for Birmingham City. Currently we (Capita Plc) are looking for a Development Team Lead to manage a team of developers. As the Development Team Lead you will look to for: Project delivery/coordination; Team and people management; Leading and mentoring team members; Performing peer reviews; Resource planning in conjunction with the Development Manager; Daytoday management of the team; Deputise for the Development Manager; Accurate project reporting; Providing accurate estimates and quotes; Performing code reviews; Creation and review of required documentation; Provide 2nd and 3rd line support; Customer and stakeholder engagement; Process and procedure adherence, maintenance and enforcement; Develop high quality solutions based on business requirements. By applying to join us at Capita Plc we can offer you: A position where you can to do what you love within a dedicated team. A place within a team with extensive growth plans for the future. All the benefits, including stability, of joining a FTSE 100 business Joining a business with a huge IT Services division giving you the option longer term to manoeuvre your career in the direction you wish. To join us as the Development Team Lead you will need: Excellent communicator at both technical and nontechnical levels Development background Experience working with SharePoint .NET Technical management Project management Requirements management Experience of working within an agile software development environment Leading and mentoring Developers It would be beneficial if you also had: Experience working with Documentum, Umbraco, Wordpress and Joomla. Familiarity/awareness of Object Oriented architectures and approaches Key skills: SharePoint, MOSS / developer / manage / mentor / AGILE / SCRUM Please apply by clicking the below link. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.