Title: Service Desk Team Leader
Webindex: 68357087
Company: More Employment
Description: Job Summary: The role holder is responsible for managing a team of Service Desk Analysts in order to provide the effective delivery of IT services (to agreed Service Levels), for one or more business areas within Countrywide. Main Tasks and Objectives: Specific responsibilities include: Managing and help developing the use of the Supportworks Service Desk system to raise, prioritise, monitor and resolve live issues. This includes proactively managing the queues of their team and dependent support teams. Monitoring the performance of their team of Service Desk Analysts against SLAs/KPIs to ensure continuous improvement. Helping develop SLAs/OLAs and KPIs in conjunction with the Service Desk Manager (SDM) and other interested parties. Developing a deep understanding of the business areas supported and thereby their likely service requirements. Helping instil a culture of Customer Service Excellence within the team. Help devise and documenting appropriate procedures (including maintaining the knowledge base) to maximise the quality and consistency of service provided. Acting as escalation point for operational issues for their team and also in the absence of the SDM Help ensure Problem Management processes are in place to identify and address the causes of common issues. Perform line management for a team of SD Analysts including performance management, six monthly appraisals and regular ****s. Actively encourage open communication and feedback via regular internal team meetings. Help define a training strategy, in conjunction with the SDM and IT trainers, to ensure there is an ongoing training plan in place for the team to maintain and improve knowledge of the business applications and technical environment supported Person Specification The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following key attributes; A proven track record of successful IT service delivery, Excellent interpersonal and facilitation skills, An analytical thinker with strong written skills, The ability to manage multiple priorities under pressure, Flexibility and adaptability in a dynamic and fast changing environment, Experience of managing and motivating a team and driving continuous improvement, A team player with a can do positive attitude and a right 1st time mentality. Previous experience of working in an ITIL v**** or **** environment is preferred, and ideally qualified to a minimum of Foundation level. This will be an office based position, however due to the distributed nature of Countrywide Plc s subsidiary businesses, some travel and occasional overnight stays may be required. Essential Skills / Experience: Service Desk Best Practice (good understanding of ITIL v****) Leading Teams Good understanding of IT Technology Managing SLA compliance