Title: Teradata Support Specialist, Manchester, up to ****k  Exc Bens
Webindex: 71740501
Company: The People Network
Description: Teradata Support Specialist, Manchester, up to ****k  Excellent Benefits A leading Bank requires a Teradata Support Specialist to join a support team working within a Data Warehouse Platform. This is an excellent opportunity to join a well established and highly reputable bank working in a diverse onshore and offshore team. You will support the Lead Support SME for Operational Service on the platform across all technologies, looking at the bigger picture. You will assist with setting the technical direction of the team, improving performance, efficiency and adding significant value across the customers, change, capability, cost, colleagues and control mechanisms to enhance the delivery of a comprehensive functional service. To be considered for this role, you must have a desire to drive continual improvement, challenge the norm, possess strong communication skills, have experience of the offshore model, be widely networked, able to deal with conflicting priorities in a fast paced ever changing support environment. You will also have the following experience: • Hands on experience with Teradata required with a desire to learn more about the unity / synergies of the Teradata and Datastage technologies • SM7 – Incident / Problem / Change management required • Provide guidance and leadership to a team of SME's to develop technical capability of LBG and Partner resources and challenge where required • Ability to ensure projects are developed and maintained in a way that enables them to be supported. • Produce and maintain a technical roadmap that is shared across the platform • Knowledge of processes and procedures, and why they are important (particularly incident, problem, and change). • Ability to provide non technical summary of an incident to senior stakeholders • Interrogating data and understanding the importance Personally you will be able to use initiative and be an excellent problem solver. You will also be a confident self starter that can work independently and be able to communicate to a wide audience of various technological backgrounds and possess excellent organisational skills. Must be proactive, adaptable and results driven. You will be a team player who must be able to work under pressure, manage multiple projects and mentor a broad member of staff in your specialist technological area. In addition to the basic salary this role offers an excellent banking package. This position also offers the opportunity to work on the cutting edge of technology for a leading bank with multiple channels for career and skills advancement. If you have the skills mentioned above then please ensure it is clear on your CV and forward it. The People Network is an employment agency and will respond to all applicants within 7 days.