Title: Senior Infrastructure Consultant
Webindex: 71565817
Company: Trinity Expert Systems
Description: Senior Infrastructure Consultant Location: Coventry or London Salary: ******** package, plus healthcare  dependent upon experience Company: Trinity Expert Systems Job Type: Permanent Trinity Expert Systems is a leading, mid tier, well respected IT services and solutions provider. We are committed to delivering enterprise solutions and services that address the business challenges of our clients, in a broad range of industry sectors.Our Professional Services Group is a key asset in reaching these goals by providing strategic advice, technology leadership and implementation services to our customers. We are now seeking to expand our successful infrastructure capability by recruiting an Infrastructure Technical Architect / Senior Infrastructure Consultant focussed on server, network and storage technologies. Candidates must possess a significant number of the following key technology skills and certifications (handson experience is favoured over vendor certifications) Citrix XenServer XenDesktop 5.6, XenApp ****  Certified to CCA, CCAA, CCEA, CCEE, CCIA level. Microsoft Server HyperV, AppV, VDI,RDS, System Center 2012  Certified to MCSE, MCITP Level. VMware vSphere **** View, ThinApp, Capacity Planner, SRM  Certified to VCP level. Microsoft ForeFront – UAG 2010, TMG 2010  Certified to MCTS Level. Microsoft Exchange and Lync 2010 (and awareness of 2013)  Certified to MCTS Level. Networking and Security  HP, Cisco, Checkpoint  Certified to to HP AIS / ASE, Cisco CCSP/CCIE,CheckPoint CCSA / CCSE. Storage and Backup  NetApp, HP, EMC Certified to NCIE, HP MASE, EMC Expert Level. A solid understanding of the storage, networkand core server infrastructure required to support all of the above.We are seeking candidates who can engage and influence our customers are at the most senior levels. With an excellent technical background enabling them to operate as senior consultants, and augment technical ability with strong customer facing skills and extensive leadership, deployment or consulting experience. These are fully developed, self sufficient customer facing roles, focussed on customer satisfaction, service delivery and profitability. Successful applicants will be highly professional, well presented, authoritative and credible, with 8 years of commercial consulting experience. We offer the opportunity to work in an exciting, dynamic organisation that is enjoying strong performance and growth, alongside some of the best IT professionals in the UK. People who prove their capability and willingness to develop in the role will be rewarded with great opportunities for career progression and the chance to make a real difference to our business. Our headquarters are based in Coventry, Warwickshire and we have offices in Central London and Hitchin, Hertfordshire. Travel to, and working at client office locations should be expected so flexibility in working location is a key requirement. You can apply by clicking the apply button and sending your CV with a covering note explaining why you want to join us and confirming your current remuneration package. For all roles at Trinity Expert Systems, the company must comply with our contractual obligations to our clients. Consequently we are committed to undertaking a Criminal Records Bureau (Basic level) search, through Disclosure Scotland (DS) and a credit check through Experian Ltd. You should be aware that we will undertake these searches if you are a successful applicant. Unfortunately we are unable to respond individually to each applicant. If you do not hear from us within 28 days you may assume you have not been selected on this occasion. No Recruitment Agencies please. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorInfrastructureConsultant_job****