Title: Senior Support Analyst Developer
Webindex: 68693976
Company: Badenoch & Clark   London 
Description: My central Government client is looking for **** Senior Support Analyst Developers to both develop and support applications assigned to them. The development aspect of the role could involve developments of varying sizes from project developments spanning the entire lifecycle using agreed standards and tools, to achieve a wellengineered result, to smaller change requests. The system support aspect involves the designation of several systems for which they will act as primary support, and several for which they will provide secondary support. They will ensure that the systems are fully supported and that any problems are dealt with quickly and effectively in order to minimise impact to 'live' operations. The postholder will communicate regularly with users of the systems. The successful candidate's main responsibilities will include;  The design, code, test, correction and documentation of software applications of various scales and complexities  Support of UKHO IT applications  Enhance existing applications  Improve the reliability and robustness of the existing systems  Reduce / Eliminate the client's reliance on out of date / unsupported software  Provide technical advice to internal and external customers  Analyse customer requirements and problems, then generate potential solutions  Document changes to the system and application architecture overviews  Develop relationship with System Owner, Key Users and Users for their allocated systems. Skills/ Experience:  Have demonstrable working knowledge of the following programming languages: o C o ASP.net o SQL  Have demonstrable working knowledge of the following: o Unit Testing (MSTest, NUnit etc.). o Continuous Integration (TeamCity, CruiseControl, Jenkins etc.) o Version Control(Subversion, SourceSafe, TFS etc.)  Plus a good knowledge of at least one of the following technologies: o IIS and web site management o XML o HTML o JavaScript o Microsoft SharePoint o UML o SQL Server o Oracle  Desirable Skills Technical It will be beneficial, but not essential if the postholder has: Experience of working within a service delivery environment with a good understanding of the ITIL framework.  Demonstrable working knowledge of any of the following programming languages: o VB.Net o C++ o VB o Classic ASP  Or a good knowledge of at least one of the following technologies: o Java o INGRES o UNIX o W****GL(Open Road) Desirable Qualifications ISEB Certificate in Systems Development Essentials ISEB ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management Tool/product/platform specific accreditation as appropriate, such as:  MCTS (Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist)  MCPD (Microsoft Certified Professional Developer) If you have all the relevant skills and experience, please send across your CV now www.badenochandclark.com  Let's find the career that connects with your life.Badenoch Clark is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Badenoch Clark is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a registered Disability Symbol User. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSupportAnalystDeveloper_job****