Title: Hardware Storage Sales Specialists  HP, Dell, NetApp, VMWare, EMC
Webindex: 71307174
Company: Palm IT Services
Description: Hardware Storage Server Sales Specialists  HP, Dell, NetApp, VMWare, EMC. Our client, a global supplier and reseller consultancy seeks Hardware Storage Sales Specialists for both their Technical and Sales Teams. The storage server specialist will be responsible for all aspects of developing storage business and associated products and services within existing new business customers. Develop and implement a sales pipeline to increase storage sales revenue. Develop project based opportunities manage key storage deals. Proactively facilitate the training/promotions and updates for sales staff. Leverage and cultivate internal and external clients to become a trusted advisor and gain their collaboration to support the Storage products. Act as a Storage Specialist evangelist within Misco and keep the Vendor Account Manager informed of opportunities, roadblocks, market intelligence and competitive activity to achieve superior sales success. Consult with new existing customers on Storage opportunities Produce Storage quotations proposals utilising the template set up Attend Qtly meetings with key stakeholders (Specialists sales management, Vendor Business Manager,) Understand the market place  key vendors: HP, Dell, IBM, EMC and NetApp. Attained necessary Hardware accreditations and maintain company's status (Hp, Technical certified **** Smb storage solutions/ASC Storage solutions, ASE Storage works integration). Keep up to date with pricing new product trends and competition within the UK market, enabling to bring new ideas to the team. Support the tender team with pricing proposals. Focus on incremental business growth of core product offerings: Storage systems. Warranty and installation services. Upsells. Minimum of 23 years successful sales experience of storage server products and services. Experience in at least one top tier storage technology ie HP, IBM and Dell. Accurate Sales Forecasting. Knowledge of storage solutions to address key trends within the industry. Strong presentation, sales, negotiation and influencing skills. Approachable with the ability to communicate effectively to both internal and external customers. Ability to overcome objections from internal and external customers. Goal oriented Can Do attitude with the ability to be tenacious and persistent. Please contact Palm NOW for further details. Palm (UK) Ltd is a Recruitment Consultancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/HardwareStorageSalesSpecialistsHPDellNetAppVMWareEMC_job****