Title: SOFTWARE QUALITY ENGINEER
Webindex: 55407890
Company: LA International Computer Consultants Ltd
Description: SOFTWARE QUALITY ENGINEER / REALTIME EMBEDDED / QUALITY ASSURANCE / 6 MONTHS / STEVENAGE / IMMEDIATE START Location: Stevenage Rate: Market Rate Start Date: Immediate Description: Exciting opportunities have arisen for the right Software Quality Assurance candidate to work on highvalue Space Exploration and Science Mission projects within an international company. We are looking for candidates with experience of software engineering and quality assurance on projects that develop and procure highlyreliable realtime embedded software to formal standards. The responsibilities of the role are as follows: • o Provide Software Quality Assurance support for the development and/or procurement of onboard (Satellite Payload) software in an influential role within the Project team. o Control, manage and report on the assigned Work Packages for the project. o Perform Software Quality Assurance activities supporting developers through full lifecycle to produce high value software product in project timescales. o Support the transition and sharing of software project processes across the transnational organisation. Typical tasks include: • Supporting the Software Project Manager in the definition and the implementation of the overall software project processes, in the definition of the development logic and in the choice of methods and tools to be used. • Assessment of the processes and the quality of the software product through inspections, reviews, audits, collection and analysis of metrics. Chair and/or support reviews (e.g. PDR, CDR, TRR, TRB, DRB). Approval of all project documentation. • Management of the interface with subcontractors on software quality matters. Perform subcontractors' assessments as necessary. Verify the compliance to quality requirements through reviews, audits, reporting and metrics analysis. Check deliveries. • Management of the interface with the internal and/or external Customers on software quality matters. This will involve direct negotiations with Customers as necessary. • Making the status of the product and process quality visible to all stakeholders, including the independent Quality management line, via regular reporting and with Quality Metrics. • Management of nonconformances, corrective and preventative actions to closure Experience: o Strong software quality and / or engineering background to formal standards o Exposure to realtime, embedded, missioncritical software; space or aerospace desirable o Analytically minded / strong problem solving skills • o Fully conversant with the requirements of ISO 9001:**** • Good communication skills (verbal & written) LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT & Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business & Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector & Gold Awards)