Title: API Support Analyst
Webindex: 66921864
Company: Friendlypeople Recruitment Ltd
Description: API Support Analyst Main Responsibilities Provide second and third level functional, operational, procedural and technical expertise for a wide range of complex products, specializing in support of API products. Functional research, test and sign off on API problem ticket resolutions. Provide API product support, consultation and customer service to internal and external organizations. Maintain an up to date understanding of operational and strategic API product support requirements to more efficiently resolve API issues. Support fault analysis to identify trends of API product and functional problems reported. Engage in crisis and escalation activities for API product and functional issues as required. Identify opportunities to streamline product support processes and supplement/acquire product support knowledge across the Commercial Operations team; recommending solutions as appropriate. As a subject matter expert, review and edit requirements, specifications and business processes, making recommendations as appropriate. Represent API Support on project teams to ensure that knowledge acquisition and training is provided, thus ensuring effective support for new products and enhancements. Maintain an up to date knowledge of operational standards, help desk methodologies, technical trends and innovations in the industry. Build and develop a professional and productive working relationship with the Product Management and Technology teams to ensure a comprehensive understanding of the functionality, purpose, utilization and support of Galileo API products and functions Provide dedicated customer support for Key customers when requested, help these key customers to make their deadlines and complete their projects in an efficient manner. Any other duties that may reasonably be required. Knowledge, Skills Excellent problem solving and analytical skills; be able to identify key issues and information in complex situations. Must have demonstrated experience of solving problems quickly, inventively, and resourcefully. Exceptional customer service skills, fostering strong and productive relationships with internal and external customers. Command excellent verbal and written communication skills; must have the ability to communicate technical issues/concepts clearly and effectively. The job holder must recognize sensitive and political issues and impact. Must be naturally inquisitive with selfsufficient research skills and focus on attention to detail. Must be selfmotivated; able to work productively despite tight deadlines and challenging circumstances; be able to encourage others to do the same. Demonstrate a high degree of PC literacy coupled with an aptitude for effectively finding, analyzing, manipulating and presenting data. Bachelor s Degree level in engineering or another technical subject; computer science degrees preferred, or have 5 years of relevant technical or IT experience. Knowledge of company s API products, functionality and utilization. Have knowledge of Viewpoint, structured data and API interfaces. Experience with various operating systems including Unix, Linux and all Windows platforms. Have an understanding of common internet protocols such as SOAP and HTTP. Have working knowledge of structured data, i.e. XML structures and/or EDIFACT. Have familiarity with programming languages such as VB, C++, Java. Experience using debugging tools to aid problem resolution. Have experience of working with cross cultural and international teams and across multiple time zones. Must have Travel Industry knowledge of GDSs, preferably gained with Worldspan, any experience with Galileo GDS would be a plus. Key Measures: The job holder must be able to work independently, managing the day to day responsibilities and assignments associated with the API Support Analyst role. The job holder must be extremely flexible and able to cope with a constantly changing environment. The job holder must deliver high quality customer support whilst adhering to agreed prioritization and support processes. The job holder must be effective in their delivery to any level of an internal or external organization; they must understand how to communicate difficult/sensitive information tactfully. The job holder must be able to prioritize a number of complex and often highly visible tasks; good judgement, decision making and prioritization will be critical in this role. The jobholder must also be able to adopt a calm and patient approach to challenging assignments. The job holder must have a good understanding of the external environment of the travel industry from an API products perspective and a sound knowledge of the company. Working Relationships The job holder will work closely with internal and external customers (to include suppliers and 3rd parties) in a support function, maintaining strong and productive relationships. This role will entail communication at all levels both internal and external within the company. Building and maintaining successful relationships across the board will be critical to success in this role The job holder must work successfully as part of the Commercial Operations Team and be comfortable and effective working with cross cultural and international teams. The job holder must be sympathetic to other cultures and have a desire to understand differences that may exist between cultures