Title: Senior IT Recruitment Consultant
Webindex: 68668964
Company: Darwin Recruitment.
Description: The Senior Recruitment Consultantposition offers fantastic training, personal development and career progression opportunities. Darwin Recruitment offers outstanding uncapped OTE earning potential with exceptional benefits and sales incentives. Darwin offers the opportunity to work in either Permanent or Contract/Freelance markets. About us Darwin Recruitment is European recruitment provider specializing on the IT Telecommunications markets and featured in the top 30 fastest growing recruitment companies in the UK. The company strategy over the next three years includes an exciting growth in the UK and across mainland Europe. We're already achieving the first steps of this growth and as a result we have exciting opportunities within the business in our UK office. Our UK offices are based in Billericay, Essex with excellent local transport links to London and the surrounding area. Duties Responsibilities Extensive business development, generating new business and developing existing client relationships. Resourcing and qualifying suitable IT/Telecommunications candidates. Managing the 360 degree recruitment process. Assisting with coaching and development of junior team members. Meeting with new and existing clients. Requirements Experience within Permanent or Freelance/Contract Recruitment Successful annual billing Benefits Extensive Internal Training and Development. Clear Career progression 20 Days holiday  Additional Day per **** year served  Birthday Day (outside of probation)  Christmas period (averaging 26 days for new starters). InHouse Training and Development program, including ongoing career progression and support Market leading commission structures. Membership to Gym with 2 x **** hours lunchtime slots per week to use the facilities. One2one bimonthly meetings with a specialist IFA in the office. Private Healthcare. Free eye tests. Monthly Masseuse. All expenses paid End of Year, Christmas and Team nights out. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorITRecruitmentConsultant_job****