Title: Senior IT Risk Analyst (Global IT Risk Assessment)
Webindex: 69994957
Company: Aviva
Description: IT Risk Analysts make up the majority of the IT Risk Compliance team in CISO. As the successful applicant you will ensure that business risk, resulting from IT events, is managed to appetite. The Global IT Risk Compliance function comprises four core functions, namely, IT Risk Policy Reporting, IT Risk Assessments, IT Controls Testing Assurance and IT Risk Strategy Management. You will specialise in one of the core functions, though flexibility is key. Depending on the specialism, you will: Establish and maintain the Global IT risk framework, policies and standards Provide management information on IT risk and compliance  Conduct risk assessments on material change programs, projects and material service providers. This is from design stage and will influence program requirements or SLAs for example  Respond to IT Due Diligence requests from the Business as well as existing and potential external customers Assure the management IT controls framework, through direct testing, liaison and integration with third line internal and external audit This is a global 'people facing' role. You will be dependent on team colleagues across IT Risk Compliance and the wider CISO function. You will build relationships with IT process owners, colleagues in first, second and third lines of defence, as well as business colleagues across geographies and cultures. The key outcome is that we will be able to manage IT Risk effectively efficiently on a global basis by making informed business decisions. This is facilitated by the following: Clear, concrete IT Risk Appetite statements Simple, transparent IT policy IT risk MI that enables Aviva to make informed management decisions Consistent IT risk assessment frameworks, processes technology Proactive response to IT Due Diligence requests (internal and external) Pragmatic risk based controls assurance Appropriate integration with first and second lines of defence QUALIFICATIONS Relevant industry qualification (e.g., CISA, CRISC, CGEIT, CISSP) Ideally a degree in a Technology related subject SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE General knowledge awareness of key ITGC frameworks including logical access, change management, information security, business continuity, disaster recovery, data protection and other key IT operational support processes Awareness of best practice frameworks and standards (e.g., ITIL, COBIT, Val IT, ISO27001). Awareness of regulatory requirements in the Financial Services Industry (e.g., SOx, Solvency II, FSA Handbook) EXPERIENCE Relevant financial services industry experience preferred ideally from Insurance and/or Investment Management Experience of working in an IT Risk / IT Audit / Compliance or similar department. Experience from Big4 is desirable. In depth experience of the IT risk management lifecycle Working with and influencing internal and external audit functions Working with outsourced IT services on a global basis Proven track record in designing, implementing and delivering process improvement projects In return we offer an excellent salary, flexible benefits, company pension scheme and yearly bonus This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorITRiskAnalystGlobalITRiskAssessment_job****