Title: Graduate Web Developer (PHP, DRUPAL)
Webindex: 69171265
Company: Candidate Source Ltd
Description: Leading new media firm with offices in London and Salisbury are seeking an ambitious Graduate Web Developer, to join their talented web development team working on some highquality web solutions. The role will involve programming and working in collaboration with project managers, account managers, designers and other programmers to cost, specify and maintain web based solutions. You will need to have a successful history of web project/assignment delivery, and a background in developing websites and applications. A confident, proven level of Javascript, DOM manipulation, XML, XHTML, CSS, HTTP, Object Oriented methods and usability/accessibility standards are a must, as is the ability to program using PHP and/or other web languages. Good working knowledge of writing SQL statements and queries, building sites with theDrupal CMS would be considered an advantage. Whatever your level of experience you will be expected to hit the ground running, have meticulous attention to detail, be a selfstarter with a high level of professionalism and credibility, and be able to perform well under pressure. This is a great opportunity to join one of the largest, fastmoving and dynamic web agencies in the South West (over 20 years of history, with offices in Salisbury and Covent Garden and **** staff) in one of their development teams on the northern edge of Salisbury {Wiltshire}. The office is within easy reach on public transport from the city centre and free parking available if you have a car. It is commutable from Bournemouth, Southampton, Andover, Bath, Shaftesbury, Frome, Winchester and surrounding areas. Genuine relocation candidates will be considered.  Immediate Interviews Available  Salisbury, **** to **** doe APPLY NOW: To apply for this Web Developer role, please send your CV via the apply link online.  NOTE to RECRUITMENT AGENCIES: The client has a strict no agency policy regarding this vacancy, as such we politely request that you respect this and do not contact them. They will not accept ANY CVs from any recruitment consultant that has not been instructed to work on this vacancy. They will not accept speculative CVs and will not pay any fee to you. The first stage of the application process is to apply online. Candidate Source Ltd is an Advertising Agency working on behalf of an Employment Agency. By applying for this position you are giving us permission to pass your CV and covering letter to a third party in relation to this specific vacancy. A full copy of our privacy policy can be viewed on our website. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateWebDeveloperPHPDRUPAL_job****