Title: Principle Consultant – Virtualisation
Webindex: 72451274
Company: Fusion Experience
Description: Principle Consultant – Virtualisation ****k Surrey My client is a large Multinational IT Consultancy and Managed Services provider based in the South East UK. Leveraging deep technical services experience as well as indepth knowledge of market demands, the Principal Consultant (PC), supports the definition of the Services offerings and partners with sales, delivery and clients to create solution and drive delivery procedures and support the company’s ability to achieve booking and revenue targets Duties will include but not be limited to:  Ensure customer service delivery adheres to documented agreements and Statement of Works.Able to manage client relationships and build consensus and trust in the delivery.  Coach others on client agenda and customer ownership.  Ensure individual utilisation target on billable engagements is achieved.  Ensure individual delivery responsibilities on billable engagements are achieved.  Ensure team delivery responsibilities on billable engagements are achieved, through technical ownership of the engagement.  Work with Account Executives, Line of Business Heads, Line of Business Managers, Principal Consultants, Senior Consultants and Project Services to develop proposed solutions, Level of Effort estimates and to position follow on work to customers.  Articulate the value of services to clients’ technical staff; demonstrate the ability of services to solve customer problems. Skills Experience required:  Experienced professional services/technical consultant to lead presales engagement calls with customers and to deliver one or more engagements sold.  Proven experience as a successful technical consultant with client relationship management, technical pre/postsales experience, and exposure to people management.  Detailed knowledge of the infrastructure industry and associated emerging trends such as cloud computing models and orchestration. Please apply online with most recent CV. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PrincipleConsultantVirtualisation_job****