Title: SQL Python/Perl Data Engineer(Tickdata,Large data sets)Finance
Webindex: 71759311
Company: Harrington Starr
Description: SQL Python/Perl Data Engineer (Tick data, Large data sets, Historical data) Trading/Finance, London SQL Python/Perl Data Engineer (Tick data, Large data sets, Historical data) Trading/Finance, London **** **** Harrington Starr is currently working in partnership with a technology driven global prop trading firm whose vision is much bigger than any other in the sector. This company has a huge emphasis on delivery and autonomy in its employees and is renowned in the sector as having one of the best working environments with several benefits. As an award winning company they are now looking to expand their team with a SQL Python/Perl Data Analyst/ Engineer. For this role as a SQL Python/Perl Data Engineer (tickdata, large data sets, historical data) you will be responsible for the infrastructure of the data provision, storage and cleansing and monitor the data driven into strategy and risk research. For this role you will definitely need experience with large amounts of data, as this company currently receive over 100 million prices daily and have over 15 years of historical data, which you will need to have close experience with. You will be in a hands on position where you will have to liaise with all levels of the business so therefore will need solid experience in a data cleansing role where you have had full exposure to the techniques and have worked in a high volume environment so experience in the financial markets is required preferably with futures, FX or equity. As it is a heavily hands on role you will also need to have had experience with Python, Perl or Bash as you will need to manipulate the large amounts of data they have at current. For this role as a SQL Python/Perl Data Engineer (tickdata, large data sets, historical data) you will require the following skill set: 2 years' experience in a Data Cleansing/ Analyst position Essential Experience with Tick Data Beneficial Ability to liaise with all areas of the business from trading floor to researchers in order to confirm data requirements Essential Experience working with large sets of Data Essential Experience with a scripting language preferably Python or Perl Essential Exposure to Financial Markets (futures, equities, FX) Essential This is a brilliant role for someone to join a technology driven company that will propel your career forward. You will be a sole handler of the Data Analyst/Engineer position and really taking control of the position from the beginning and analysing the work that is required. It is an excellent opportunity within a leading business. If you are interested please contact Anna May at Harrington Starr or apply directly. SQL Python/Perl Data Engineer (Tick data, Large data sets, Historical data) Trading/Finance, London SQL Python/Perl Data Engineer (Tick data, Large data sets, Historical data) Trading/Finance, London This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SQLPythonPerlDataEngineerTickdataLargedatasetsFinance_job****