Title: Lead QA  Web & Mobile
Webindex: 72449798
Company: Timothy James Consulting
Description: Agile Lead QA  Web Mobile Application Testing ********K  Excellent Benefits Office based in London, NW**** I am seeking a Lead QA to join the digital team within a longstanding consumer centric Publishing Group and be responsibility for identifying problems with software and its design, driving successful support of the development, maintenance and enhancement of systems. This highly acclaimed company are passionate about all things digital and have a growing range of popular content rich digital products spanning across multiple platforms including web, mobile, tablet apps. The Role:  Work with designers and developers at all stages to promote quality  Provide quality assurance expertise in all development projects from initiation through to development  Create test plans and ensure they are followed  Where possible, develop test automation strategies and implementation plans  Create test execution and defects monitoring in an agile development environment  Create testing approach for site regression, functionality testing, integration testing and endtoend testing  Review and evaluate project deliverables to ensure they conform to quality standards  Collaborate across the business to understand and prioritise system testing efforts  Produce and prioritise bug reports  Run cross platform testing  Provide definition and development of quality assurance strategy, addressing all phases of development Required Skills:  Extensive experience in Quality Assurance  Hands on experience in web testing techniques, tools and best practice  Specific experience with mobile (iOS, Android, Windows Phone) and web application testing.  Experience, interest and adaptability to working in a Lean/Agile delivery environment.  Significant understanding of software engineering and web development  Broad experience of ensuring highvalue delivery to increase productivity  Ability to design, implement and enforce software quality processes and standards  Expertise in manual and automated testing in a variety of environments such as web, clientserver, large packaged software, custom java, html, and flashbased software.  Strong analysis skills necessary to create test data and plans that ensure new and revised systems meet business needs and create an overall understanding of the applications being supported.  Exceptional collaboration, listening, written and verbal communication skills. Qualifications:  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business, or other relevant subject area This organisation are firm believers of 'promotion from within' therefore upon joining the business you will forge yourself a successful long term career. Please do get in touch with a copy of your updated CV if you wish to be considered for this role, please highlight your relevant experience. My client is looking to start the shortlisting process this week so please get in touch to be considered. Excellent benefits include 28 Days Holiday  Bank Holidays, and 11% Pension contribution. With kind regards, Daisy Dowden Senior Consultant  Media This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/LeadQAWebMobile_job****