Title: Agile ETL Data Integration Lead
Webindex: 72248340
Company: Exposed Solutions Ltd
Description: Exposed Solutions are recruiting on behalf of one of their London clients; an entrepreneurial startup in the data strategy and analytical sector. Through their innovative people and unique technology, they turn data into insight and create programmes for sustainable change. An opportunity has now arisen for an Agile Data Integration / ETL Lead to join their team. This is the ideal role for a data specialist, software development analyst/SQL developer, with strong experience in data warehousing architecture, ETL, data modelling, analysis, design, development, problem solving, performance tuning and technical support of data warehouses platforms. The role would for example fit a Software/Database Integration Developer with a background in BI and databases, especially as they relate to campaign management tools in retail, telcos and the finance industry. As an Agile Data Integration / ETL Lead, you will be responsible for driving our transition from offering our analytics on an adhoc, technologyagnostic basis to an open standard driven, platformbased environment. You will also be responsible for helping us to implement this transition on both new and existing clients, supporting the BAU projects while exploring how to implement projects on a new platform you will help shape. Your duties will also include: Integrating, very rapidly, feeds from any given source: REST APIs, SOAP, Flat files, spreadsheets, data extracts from a multitude of systems in a variety of formats. Successful development of extract/transform/load solutions across a variety of projects and clients. Conducting data mapping, design, developing and implementing ETL processes using custom ETL or off the shelf ETL tools. Supporting software upgrades, software documentation, research of new software versions, backup / recovery, ETL Repository administration including promotion of software packages to the proper environment, troubleshooting, and technical support. In addition, you will design logical/physical models, develop and test ETL jobs, build an analytics layer within the existing architecture for member/consumer analytics to enable testing of new marketing strategies. To be considered for this role, you must have: Proven experience in integrating complex datasources both for in and out flows within enterpriselevel datawarehouses Proven, documented past key involvement in MDM, SCV implementations Experience with any of the following ETL tools: Talend, Pentaho, SSIS, Informatica, Datastage, BO Data integrator, Oracle BI, Ab Initio Experience with any of the following BI tools: Jaspersoft, Business Objects, Cognos, SAP BI, Oracle BI, Qlickview , Tableau Experience of CRM tools implementations: Alterian, Cognos, Unica Extensive database experience in any of the following (and others): RDMS (MSSQL, Oracle, MySQL, PostGreSQL), Column Stores (Tenbase, AsterData, Greenplum, HANA, Sybase IQ, Teradata, Vertica) Strong Scripting skills: Python preferred You must also be very comfortable with nix Additionally, as an Agile Data Integration / ETL Lead, you must be passionate about technology, our industry and its tools. Whilst you will know how to navigate the world of corporate communication and present yourself extremely well, you will have kept that passion for IT and enjoy exploring new methodologies, tools, and platforms. ETL, AGILE, Oracle, SSIS, MDM, SCV, Talend, Pentaho, Informatica, SAP, RDMS, Sybase, Python, SAP BI ETL, AGILE, Oracle, SSIS, MDM, SCV, Talend, Pentaho, Informatica, SAP, RDMS, Sybase, Python, SAP BI ETL, AGILE, Oracle, SSIS, MDM, SCV, Talend, Pentaho, Informatica, SAP, RDMS, Sybase, Python, SAP BI ETL, AGILE, Oracle, SSIS, MDM, SCV, Talend, Pentaho, Informatica, SAP, RDMS, Sybase, Python, SAP BI ETL, AGILE, Oracle, SSIS, MDM, SCV, Talend, Pentaho, Informatica, SAP, RDMS, Sybase, Python, SAP BI ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA S AND WORK PERMITS. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role.