Title: Systems Engineer – VMware, SAN, Networking Components
Webindex: 68692433
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Systems Engineer  VMware, SAN, Networking Components London, EC**** ****  **** DOE Plus Benefits Package Our client is a leading underwriting agency specialising in Commercial and Liability insurance. They are recognised as being one of the market leaders in SME and larger commercial liability business. An opportunity now has arisen for a Systems Engineer to join their team. This is the ideal role for an IT support professional with an understanding of business processes, strategies and functional requirements and experience of implementing solutions and networking components looking to join a market leader. Working in a small yet dynamic team, as a Systems Engineer, you will be responsible for designing and enhancing the current infrastructure and IT processes within the company. Performing daily server and backup checks, you will install and configure hardware, server and desktop operating systems. You will be tasked with supervising network services, equipment and devices, in addition to planning and supporting network, as well as computing infrastructure. Your other duties will include:  Performing migrations and upgrading software and hardware  Troubleshooting analysis of servers, workstations and associated systems  Configuring and managing secure remote access/working requirements  Managing user accounts, permissions, email, antivirus and antispam  Providing telephone and desktop support to internal users To be considered, you must have knowledge of business processes, strategies and functional requirements. You must also have experience of the following:  Implementing solutions to architecture level  Networking components, SAN Storage, VMware vSphere **** Windows Server and/or desktop operating systems and computer hardware  Disaster recovery and business continuity  Networks, remote access and remote working configurations  Creating desktop build images Additionally, as a Systems Engineer, you must have plenty of self motivation and a dedicated, hardworking approach. Equally important are your excellent communication and interpersonal skills coupled with the ability to perform under pressure. Whilst not essential, at least five years' experience within a similar position in a medium to large environment would be beneficial. To apply for the role of Systems Engineer (VMware, SAN, Networking Components), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Systems Engineer, VMware, SAN, Networking Components, Systems Programmer, Systems Architect, Helpdesk Support Engineer, IT Support Analyst, Helpdesk Support Analyst, IT Support Engineer, Systems Support Engineer, Network Support Engineer, Network Support Analyst. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SystemsEngineerVMwareSANNetworkingComponents_job****