Title: Business Analyst / Project Manager(Software Development)
Webindex: 71198465
Company: Think IT Reruitment Ltd
Description: Summary: Business Analyst / Project Manager required by globally recognised online marketing business for travel services based in South London paying up to ****  Benefits Key Words: Business Analyst, Business Analysis, Requirement Gathering, Business Solutions, Stakeholder Management, Project Manager, Project Management, Travel, Legacy Systems, SQL, Software Environment, CRM The Role: We are a privately owned global organisation that uses customer insight and marketing expertise in travel services and with web based solutions on an international scale to the benefit of our clients and customers. Due to our and our customers success, we are expanding and are looking to recruit a Business Analyst / Project Manager. This isnt just a Project Management role, but one that requires strong analysis skills so you can work with our clients, understanding their exact needs and helping transform that into a solution for them. You, as a Business Analyst / Project Manager, will be instrumental in delivering changes to extensive legacy applications along with the creation and delivery of new solutions supported by new applications. Key Responsibilities:  Collecting, understanding, and transmitting the business requirements for projects, and translating these into functional specifications and test plans.  Analyse and document business processes.  Document workflows and results of business analysis and obtain signoff from stakeholders on the specifications.  To provide the link between the development team and business representatives regarding software functionality, throughout the development lifecycle.  Analyse data effectively to produce reports or supporting information to assist in the resolution of issues or the production of detailed specifications.  Create status reports and other appropriate updates to be produced as required for stakeholders showing progress against outstanding milestones, status, resource requirements, issues, risks and dependencies. Skills:  Experience writing requirements specifications for Information Systems.  Successful project implementation in a software environment.  Proven experience of analysing data using appropriate tools and an excellent working knowledge of SQL with the ability to create complex queries if necessary.  Experience of the whole project life cycle, able to operate in the initial conceptual design stage, in the depths of system testing, and at each stage in between  Working knowledge of MS Project and Prince 2  Experience of working with Client Relationship Management systems and having exposure to Travel and Benefits programmes would be desirable.  Results orientated with good communication and interpersonal skills.  The ability to have a strong impact and influence key decisions Due to an extensive amount of new project work, this is an excellent time to be joining this organisation as you will be have influence over the evolving and innovative approaches for the future design and development of this work. With easy commutes via the M25/M23 and two busy London Train stations in the area, they are easily reached by road and rail, meaning the commute to work is quick and easy. If you would like more information including a full job specification and a chat about the position, please contact me, LaceyMarie Davis. Think IT Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this role under UK Government regulations CEAEBR ****