Title: Data Centre Hosting Supplier Manager
Webindex: 66925258
Company: Accenture
Description: Data Centre Hosting Supplier Manager Accenture UK  Outsourcing workforce Location: UK Salary: ******** We are currently seeking a Data Centre Hosting Supplier Manager who is looking for a challenging career with Accenture  an employer that enables you to make a real difference. What s in it for you? If you join Accenture you can make great ideas happen for some of the most dynamic companies. With broad global resources and deep technical knowhow, we collaborate with clients to cultivate ideas and deliver results. Choose a career at Accenture and enjoy an innovative environment where challenging and interesting work is part of daily life. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialised skills faster to help tailor your career plan. On top of this, we have an extensive benefits package which includes 30 days vacation per year, a car allowance, variable bonus scheme and private medical insurance. Role The purpose of the Hosting Supplier Manager role is to manage our hosting suppliers to ensure quality client services are delivered from the on boarding stage through the end of term with these suppliers. This will result in a predictable, repeatable, customer hosting experience, reduction in costs, and continued quality client service. For the assigned portfolio of hosting providers the Hosting Supplier Manager is expected to become recognized as the go to person for hosting specific to these providers in their portfolio. The Hosting Supplier Manager is responsible for planning, coordinating and managing the sourcing and contracting activities specific to their providers in their portfolio. Detailed responsibilities include, customer requirements gathering, sourcing strategy, contract strategy, approach and negotiation/contract execution. The Hosting Supplier Manager Interfaces with the IT Client Team, externally with the hosting supplier business development,, hosting supplier legal, and the hosting supplier operational teams, Accenture finance, Accenture legal, Accenture Tax, and the internal Infrastructure Outsourcing Organization. The Hosting Supplier Manager will implement defined hosting sourcing processes to ensure Accenture reduces overall costs and minimizes contract risks while managing customer requirements and expectations. The Hosting Supplier Manager has responsibility for contributing to the creation and management of the hosting portfolio of supplier contracts supporting the organizational requirements. The Hosting Supplier Manager will work in support of the Accenture Operating Groups, Accenture Infrastructure Outsourcing, Internal Accenture CIO Organization, Accenture BPO Organization and Accenture Go To Market Organizations. Secondary tasks would include management of our contract repository, spend management tracking, savings tracking and status reporting. Responsibilities: Management of our hosting suppliers in the delivery of Hosting Services. Responsible for the creation, negotiation and execution of: o Hosting Master Services Agreements o Affiliate Addendums o Statement of Works o Amendments o Renewals Conduct regular meetings with our hosting providers, review and manage contract terms and conditions, SLAs, and manage any contractual or escalated operational issues. Manage the termination of services or renewal process of existing hosting contracts. Manage the Service Level Agreements that the suppliers are contractually obligated to meet. Manage the P.O creation process and invoice review process to ensure that suppliers are invoicing clients in a timely fashion according to the contract, ensure pricing is accurate, and Management of Service Level Events are appropriately managed and credits delivered according to the contract. Management of the dispute resolution process with our Hosting Suppliers. Support Sales Activity with respect to Hosting Services Continuously improve service by refining the hosting models, quoting process, proposal materials and delivery approaches. Qualifications Must Have Skills/Qualifications: The Hosting Supplier Manager is a senior IT professional with deep expertise in data centre hosting services with experience in the areas of negotiations and contracting. Prior contract and hosting management experience including defining hosting requirements, negotiations, a comprehensive understanding of legal terms and conditions; financial modeling, and the implementation and management of hosting contracts. In depth knowledge of data centre and hosting services Data centre hosting infrastructure expertise in the areas of colocation services, power (Generators, UPS and PDU architectures), HVAC, fire suppression, and physical security Managed hosting expertise in the areas of Storage Area Networks, backup and restore Services, Load Balancing, Firewall, Internet Bandwidth, VPN services, operating system support, and data base support. Ability to communicate effectively in oral and written presentation across all levels of Accenture and client organizations. Ability to build internal consensus around hosting strategies and solutions. Strong relationship and network building skills. Strong oral communicator with above average presentation skills. Analyze contracts, identify adverse situations and develop effective contractual solutions Develop and execute complex supplier negotiations. Lead/facilitate hosting negotiations. Apply strategic thinking to business and operational situations Perform and thrive in a collaborative consensusoriented environment. Experience working in dynamic business environments with multiple teams and multiple resource demands. Nice to Have Skills/Qualifications: Proven ability to work independently and as a team member Ability to be flexible and work analytically in a problemsolving environment Strong supervisory, coaching and project management skills Must display professionalism and confidence Excellent customer service skills Strong organizational, multitasking, and timemanagement skills. Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Access) Experience with ERP sourcing tools such as Emptoris Contract redlining expertise Experience: Experience in Supplier Management, Hosting Technology Sourcing or contract negotiation experience required Educational Requirements Degree in MIS, Business of related major Travel Requirement/ Shift Hours 20% Travel may be required. Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Closing date for applications 20th February. Accenture reserves the right to close the role prior to this date should a suitable applicant be found