Title: America's Tier **** Support Engineer
Webindex: 72244007
Company: Fresh Recruits Ltd
Description: A Tier **** Support Engineer is required to provide technical support for our client's global Customer base. This role comes with a shift pattern of 2pm to ****0pm Monday  Friday. Duties include: Responsible for providing in depth technical support for global customers and will be able to work well in the face of tight deadlines and tough technical challenges; Plan and prioritise tasks for self and others and to act as a focal point for technical escalation within the Tier 3 Support team; Installation duties, remote and onsite; the candidate should be willing to travel to worldwide installation sites; Will be responsible for assisting Tier 1 and 2 personnel in solving technical problems and investigating escalated issues by confirming the validity of the problem and seeking solutions for more complex issues; Provide high quality regular customer feedback regarding resolutions and updates and be able to build an advanced customer relationship; Work alongside Engineering team to provide solutions; Conduct product demo's and deliver training as required by customers and/or the support organisation. The successful candidate will be an experienced, proactive Support Engineer with excellent fault diagnostic ability, operating at a senior level in a customer facing environment. You will have the ability to ascertain appropriate information during case investigations, maintain an ongoing record of problem analysis and resolution activity in the online CRM system and identify technical solutions suitable for reuse in the online solutions database. C++ and Linux experience is essential. Previous telecoms experience is preferable. Previous installation experience and/or technical qualifications would be most desirable but not compulsory for the right candidate, as full training will be provided. Due to the high number of applications we are receiving at present, we are unable to respond to every application individually. If you do not hear from us within 3 days please assume that your application has not been successful. We may contact you in the future about other suitable positions. EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES Fresh Recruits is committed to a policy of equal opportunities for all work seekers and shall adhere to such a policy at all times and will review on an ongoing basis on all aspects of recruitment to avoid unlawful or undesirable discrimination. We will treat everyone equally irrespective of sex, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, marital or civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity, age, disability, race, colour, ethnic or national origin, religion and beliefs, political beliefs or membership or nonmembership of a Trade Union and we place an obligation upon all staff to respect and act in accordance with the policy. Fresh Recruits will ensure that each candidate is assessed only in accordance with the candidate's merits, qualification and ability to perform the relevant duties required by the particular vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AmericasTier3SupportEngineer_job****