Title: Web Development Manager  Bristol
Webindex: 68181929
Company: HMGT Services Limited
Description: Skills and Experience As a cutting edge developer you will have a strong interest in continually enhancing your skills in web development. You will be proficient with backend development (ASP/VBScript, PHP, ASP.NET) and database design and administration. Your essential skills will include Windows server administration and you will have a basic knowledge of networking. You have frontend web development skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery and would benefit from basic skills in Adobe Creative Suite of software, especially Photoshop and the building of HTML emails. The Role Working closely with a dynamic marketing and creative team you will provide the development skills to deliver websites for a diverse range of business events. Taking preagreed design briefs you will be able to deliver new websites within preagreed timescales. The successful applicant will be able to demonstrate;  Database knowledge and SQL skills (Primarily SQL server but also MySQL)  Educated to degree level  Computer Science, or a similar IT based degree  Ability to manage multiple projects in a fastpaced, deadlinedriven environment  Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work as part of a team  Ongoing maintenance of websites and inhouse booking system The Company The Prysm Group launched its first exhibition  Business Startup  at the NEC in April **** 13 years on the company has never been more ambitious, and enjoys a sturdy foundation to build upon. Targeting a minimum of **** launch events every 6 months, and growing the Business Show into a **** square metre event within 3 years with new events such as Accountex, Office Manager and PA, SMP Live and The Legal Show set to be the success stories of the future. Employing **** staff our head offices are based in the heart of Bristol`s Skyline in Cabot Tower. Please apply online including a cover letter and CV, this role is based in Bristol City Centre and you must be able to commute to Bristol on a daily basis and we are unable to provide sponsorship to non EU citizens.