Title: SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT join one of the UKs Biggest Brands  ****k
Webindex: 69670290
Company: Randstad Technologies Limited
Description: An excellent opportunity for a SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST with skills and experience in administering systems management software for ecommerce and IT Business systems who would like to develop their career within a dynamic and innovative brand. Based in Watford this SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST position offers a salary of ****K, plus 10% bonus plus benefits and relocation package if required. THE COMPANY: This is known as one of the UKs biggest brands, but is comparatively a small organisation comprising of **** staff, which gives the company its unique feel. You will have the opportunity to work in a well run, closeknit team within this high profile company. They offer learning, development and career progression within the core IT services department. THE ROLE: As SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST you will work within the Enterprise Infrastructure Team to administer the systems management software utilised for ECommerce and IT Business Systems. Your duties will include: Responding to functional requirements and to develop technical requirements documentation as required; Implement systems management technical requirements; Configure and maintain the existing Systems Management deployed software and resolve problems; You will administer BMC Control M scheduler, Design, configure and maintain ControlM schedules; Administer Tivoli Monitoring deployed solutions, Sitescope and IBM Director. You will work alongside the Technical Architects to review and contribute to system designs TO BE CONSIDERED for this role, you must have: Knowledge and experience of BMC Control M scheduler Knowledge and experience of Tivoli System Monitoring products  (Netcool/Omnibus) Knowledge and experience of Scripting (Korn Shell, Perl, VB) Knowledge of AIX, Linux, and Windows operating systems Experience of IT Service Management Knowledge of SNMP Knowledge of IBM Director configuration Understanding of Web Application Technologies  HTTPRandstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.