Title: ECommerce Product Manager London
Webindex: 70248130
Company: BizTek Recruitment Ltd
Description: Ecommerce Product Manager Digital Strategy London My client is a large scale blue chip who are active in the publishing sector and require an Ecommerce Product Manager to join their expanding team. Joining a small, but highprofile and fastgrowing team, the Ecommerce Product Manager (ECPM) will play a key and central role in the ongoing development and management of the Client's Ecommerce platforms. The ECPM will own the development roadmap for the platform and ensure its effective performance and delivery on a daytoday basis. This is a multifaceted, technical role that requires the ECPM to consider and articulate the strategic big picture, whilst being involved in the fine detail of design and business case financial modelling and approval. The right candidate will demonstrate both technical literacy and commercial acumen. Specifically this role will be focused on the technical development of the Client's Ecommerce presence to support marketing in their improvement of transaction rates, SEO performance, revenues, customer engagement and user satisfaction, while ensuring alignment of these services with the Client's subscription services and other products. The role holder will provide the functionality roadmap, tools and operational support for Marketing's execution team. Role success will be based on measurement of key metrics on delivery of each piece of functionality against business case estimates. Responsibilities: Ownership of product life cycle, strategy and development roadmaps for the Client's current and future Ecommerce platforms. The ECPM will develop and gain approval for strategy/roadmap and work closely with crossfunctional teams to ensure timely and cost effective delivery. Responsible for the initiation, business approval, specification, development and delivery of new features, functionality  including writing of plans, documentation and financial business cases in collaboration with key stakeholders. The ECPM will track and prioritise issues and bugs relating to Ecommerce and balance their resolution with the implementation of new features and functions. Close partnership with the Group Marketing team who will be the main internal stakeholders and users of Ecommerce tools from an administrative and commercial point of view. Partnership with the technical development team to translate requirements into functional specifications and participation in their development and launch. Analysis of external Ecommerce trends and best practice to ensure that, where possible, the Client's shop meets its best potential. Assume some shared responsibility for commerce integration on projects and activities associated with paidfor subscription information products. This role would suit a candidate with a cando attitude towards problem solving, who can take the job seriously but have fun whilst doing so. Excellent communications skills are a must as are skills in leadership, persuasion and motivation. Candidates must be must be determined, selfmotivated and able to work well as part of a crossfunctional team. The role will involve lots of creative thinking so candidates will need good vision coupled with a realistic and pragmatic approach to turning strategy into tangible deliverables. Experience required: Direct experience of developing and managing Ecommerce services in a businesstobusiness environment. Demonstrable experience of gathering, documenting and prioritising business requirements. Experience working with technical teams to articulate business requirements and translate into technical requirements and specifications. My client is willing to offer a very attractive salary with an excellent benefits package. There are fantastic career opportunities available within this client for the right candidate. If you are interested in this Ecommerce Product Manager role based in London please email your CV in the first instance. Biztek are acting as a Recruitment business in relation to this vacancy.