Title: Technical Digital Consultant
Webindex: 71335675
Company: Hudson  IT
Description: We have the opportunity for an experienced Digital Publishing Consultant to join a leading financial services organisation, operating internationally. With over 5 million customers, transforming with the digital world is going to help shape the future to connect with more customers worldwide. My client is looking at big changes in the digital arena (growth in mobile Internet and social networks) and the benefits of increasing the digital presence. As the Digital Consultant, you will execute technical aspects of the digital roadmap projects for the Digital Operations team and execute requested content changes for the supported sites. Your responsibilities will lie under project, thought leadership, training and business as usual (BAU): Liaise with the digital account controller and digital specialist to assess and execute BAU changes within the digital operations team Liaise with supporting functions (eg IT) to scope and deliver aspects of BAU requests which are not actioned within the Digital Operations Team (eg domain name set up, URL redirects). Work with Digital Account Controller to advise on appropriate web based technologies and methods required to deliver individual projects Work on multiple projects simultaneously Have sound working knowledge of key technologies needed to carry out responsibilities including TeamSite **** HTML, CSS, Flash, Javascript, WebSphere Portal, WHURL. Design and deliver key digital elements using existing assets (templates and components) in accordance with projects requirements, schedules, digital standards and guidelines (new sites, sections, templates, functionality) Identify and document development best practice and emerging trends, and share with relevant parties including other digital publishing consultants, project delivery teams and the CMS forum. We are looking to speak to a digital consultant/project Coordinator who has commercial experience working in the digital space. You will be technically proficient in key technologies needed to deliver requirements (CMS, ideally Teamsite **** HTML, CSS, Flash, Javascript). You will have excellent communications skills to deal with stakeholders at all levels and will have experience managing multiple projects, prioritising and organising. To apply, please send your updated CV to me on the first instance Please note you will receive an automated response advising you that we have received your CV. Hudson is a leading provider of permanent recruitment, contract professionals and talent management solutions worldwide.