Title: SQL Application Support Analyst – Up skill to DBA
Webindex: 69036957
Company: Big Red Recruitment
Description: Title: SQL Application Support Analyst – Up skill to DBA Role: Permanent Salary: Up to ****  benefits Location: Uxbridge, Middlesex One of the UK's leading construction companies is looking to recruit an experienced SQL Application Support Analyst to join their team in Uxbr id ge, M id dlesex. The successful cand id ate will have at least two years’ experience in a support role within a commercial environment and have customer facing experience. It is essential that you have strong SQL skills and be able to run basic SQL scripts, general SQL server maintenance and be experienced in supporting applications running on SQL servers. The successful candidate will be able to:  Support various applications running on SQL servers, running routine SQL scripts, performing daily checks and backups of the SQL servers.  SQL Database and Performance monitoring  Have excellent customer service skills, strong communication and previous client facing experience is essential  Monitor Application Support helpdesk queue and respond to calls within SLA’s  Address user queries regarding support, usage, training, integration, and improvement of systems  Record and respond to Requests for Change, following a formal change process  Reviewing testing and applying system patches  Liaisons between suppliers, software vendors and other technical resources to resolve technical issues  Systems documentation and software/hardware library maintenance including version management This is also an opportunity for an individual to further their career development and in the future move into a more database administration role. The successful cand id ate will be able to demonstrate excellent organisational and time management skills and be a good team player. You must also have strong communication skills and be able to build lasting relationships with other internal teams and with suppliers. There will be occasional out of hours work required and some travel to other business units, so it is essential that you have a val id UK driving license and your own car. If you are interested in finding out more about this role, please apply today. Please send your CV to jameshbigredrecruitment.co.uk or call **** **** **** for more information. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SQLApplicationSupportAnalystUpskilltoDBA_job****