Title: Build Deployments Engineer  Nottingham
Webindex: 65453140
Company: Cordius
Description: Build ll be working on flagship products and services at this cutting edge software house, with the opportunity to get involved in building, testing and deployment of all aspects of products. Acting as a key member of the team working alongside both the Development and Operations teams you will improve the build and deployment process and technologies used, tasked with developing and maintaining the build and deployments pipeline by identifying system requirements; building and deploying key software; monitoring system performance and adopting a continuous improvement approach. 2 years prior Operations or Build environment experience is desirable, however you must be able to demonstrate an understanding and application of the Continuous Integration and Delivery approaches to software delivery, with a demonstrable understanding/skills/qualifications in as many as the following areas: Scripting and programming languages  C, Ruby, Perl, Python. Version control systems GitHub, Bitbucket, Mercurial. Continuous integration Jenkins, Ant, NAnt, Make, Maven, Rake, Buildr. Automated Testing Selenium, Webtest, Cucumber. Environment management tools Puppet, CfEngine, Chef. Package management Microsoft Installer, NuGet, Linux packaging. 3rd Party Cloud Management Services Amazon, AppHarbour, Azure. Hardware Virtualisation VMware, HyperV. Microsoft Basics of software testing and its application in a Continuous Delivery environment. Key Duties: Aid in the development and ongoing maintenance of an automated, high availability Continuous Integration environment. Maintain the build environment and supporting scripts. Develop and maintains deployment scripts for Showcase and backend components of the technical environment. Implement best practice to minimize risk and system downtime. Maintain system performance by performing system monitoring and analysis. Performance tuning; troubleshooting system hardware, software, networks and operating and systems. Support the Development and Test teams in their automated Testing and Quality assurance efforts. Continually look for ways to improve and develop the Continuous Delivery process. Prepare internal stakeholders by designing and conducting training sessions; providing references and support. Work with an Agile approach. Mentor and train other members of the Development and Operations teams. Salary: Circa ****K  Benefits. Location: Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, East Midlands. Celebrating 25 years of successful recruitment within IT, Technical and Engineering disciplines, our highly experienced team of specialist consultants offer professional and transparent services to match the individual needs of both clients and candidates