Title: Graduate C Developer
Webindex: 69538131
Company: Brightwater Selection Limited
Description: The Company Our client is a multinational company, providing platforms, people and services to support highvalue interactions at every stage of the customer lifecycle. They are growing their leading edge Software Development Centre in Belfast, to deliver key software products directly for their clients and for their business teams using the latest Microsoft technologies (.NET C, ASP.NET and SQL Server). They are seeking technically excellent people, who are motivated individuals with the desire to drive the latest technology solutions. If you are interested in working on leading edge web applications, utilising the newest of technology you might just be the person for their growing team. The Role This a varied role in which you will experience full exposure to the software development lifecycle  including requirements gathering, design, software development through to deployment and warranty. You will be working as part of multiple project teams simultaneously, each with their challenges and opportunities. Your primary focus will be on design and build. As important as the technology, is your personal ambition and drive to work in an agile development environment, delivering first time for customers and adding value throughout the project lifecycle. Your technical excellence and agility will allow you to move seamlessly between project developments, maintenance and production support. You should have a strong technical background, grounded in large scale projects; passionate about technology and keeping up to date within the IT sector. The Person Candidates should have at least a 2.**** degree in IT or related subject and at least 1 year recent relevant experience in .NET software development. Technically excellent in C, ASP.NET, MVC, web development using Visual Studio, you also have strong working knowledge of SQL Server and TFS. Experience of full software lifecycle and different methodologies. Knowledge of design patterns and practices. You should have strong time management skills and the ability and drive to meet deadlines. You will be an excellent team player, but also capable of working independently, showing ownership and commitment to the success of the team. As a strong problem solver, you have an analytical mind and a keen eye for detail. The Rewards Along with an attractive basic salary the company offer a package to include pension, health plan, flexible working environment and challenging work. We are acting as an Employment Agency on behalf of our client. Please contact Samantha on **** **** **** to find out further information, or email me at s.connollybrightwaterni.com and I will be in touch. We are acting as an employment agency