Title: IT Risk Manager
Webindex: 68181470
Company: Scom Defense
Description: IT Services Manager, IT Service Delivery Manager, IT Service Operations Manager, IT Service Risk Manager Job, Dorking, Surrey, or Bristol. My client, a financial services company, are looking to recruit an experienced IT service manager with good exposure to risk management practices for a role that could be based either in Dorking, Surrey, or Bristol. This role would be well suited to someone who has significant experience in senior IT management roles where proven experience of risk management can be demonstrated. Manage all IT Services Risks and Controls to ensure compliance with Friends Life Risk Policies and safeguard the service provided by Diligenta Main purpose of the role: Design, implement and manage the execution an overall risk management process for IT Services aligned to the Diligenta Risk Framework. Manage the process of identifying and assessing the risks affecting the service provided by IT Services Manage the the plan of risk control actions Monitor, evaluate and challenge the organisation s success in managing its risks Manage reporting of IT Services Risk to Diligenta and Friends Life Deliver a strong interface with the Diligenta IT Risk Manager and act as the principle contact point for all IT Services aspects of Risk and Audit. Manage relationship with internal and external auditors. Experience Required: Experience in a senior IT Management role Intermediate knowledge of all ITIL Service Management processes with enhanced knowledge of IT Risk processes IT Risk Management toolsets IT risk assessment & management In depth understanding of industry standard IT systems and processes used within a large financial organisation Experience of working with outsourced suppliers. Relationship building and development including diplomacy across both IT and suppliers Excellent organisational and decision making skills. Strong customer service focus. Good communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to communicate at all levels within the organisation. Good verbal and written skills. The recruiter has stated that all applicants for this job should be able to prove they are legally entitled to work in the UK. SCom is a trading name of (url removed) Group Ltd an Employment Business/Agency