Title: Cisco Technical Sales Account Manager Silver Partner CSE
Webindex: 71564999
Company: Jam Recruitment Ltd
Description: It's an exciting time to work at my client, a Cisco Partner. Every day they connect people to the network and make it come to life.Whether it's using elearning to educate students far from city centers or downloading the entire Library of Congress in seconds, our networking technology has not only revolutionized the way people do things, but who they are. People are more informed, more efficient, and more involved. With all forms of communications converging onto the network, Cisco Partner is entering an exciting new era. The concept of the network as the platform for transforming life's experiences is no longer a possibility: It is quickly becoming a reality, and my client is leading the experience. My client seeks a Sales Account Manager to manage key accounts defined by specific regional or functional areas. This position requires a strong aptitude for identifying customer business needs and for building relationships with primary influencers in the purchasing decision process. An ability to understand and work with organizations at the local as well as national level is also essential. The ideal candidate has extensive clientside experience or industry experience in a similar role, and is comfortable with developing mid and longterm strategy, budgeting and other business needs. This is a great chance to apply your management and sales skills and experience working with a worldclass organization in a role with high visibility and impact. The Sales Account Manager is responsible for creating and executing the sales strategy, revenue and customer satisfaction for their UK Customer. The Sales Account Manager will lead all sales support efforts. Must possess demonstrated leadership responsibilities or experience Proven ability to communicate effectively and professionally (verbal and written) with customers and interface with a variety of organizations. Demonstrate an understanding of Cisco's business processes related to all areas of the customer support and services structure. Proven experience with senior level business executives, attended The Executive Conversation course Working knowledge and experience in customers industry is preferred Strong leadership skills with ability to develop and manage virtual sales teams Strong time management, organizational, and negotiation skills Ability to develop complex account plans and strategies Understanding of complex sales cycles with a unique ability to accelerate sales Demonstrate sound business decision making View our latest jobs today at www.jamrecruitment.co.uk and follow us on Facebook, Twitter LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CiscoTechnicalSalesAccountManagerSilverPartnerCSE_job****