Title: Nonfunctional tester
Webindex: 69037655
Company: Sanderson
Description: Nonfunctional tester An immediate requirement has arisen for a nonfunctional tester at a very exciting company head office in Swindon. Working with an incredible group of people, the successful nonfunctional test candidate will be responsible for development and implementation of nonfunctional and performance testing activities across the groups IT applications and infrastructure to ensure that all systems work as per nonfunctional requirements. Essential knowledge Professional qualification (ISEB/ISTQB). Indepth understanding of waterfall, vmodel and agile methodologies. Expert understanding of key nonfunctional characteristics of a system. Excellent knowledge of performance test automation, specifically HP LoadRunner or Borland Silkperformer. Excellent knowledge of OS scripting and SQL. Excellent knowledge of web services and XML. Good working knowledge of HP Quality Centre. Essential skills Test Automation. Good RDBMS Administration skills including use of complex SQL. Linux/Unix and Windows Administration. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Proactive and supportive team player. Excellent customer focus, with the ability to translate technical issues into plain English. Diligent with a focus on detail and accuracy. Able to use initiative and work to tight deadlines under pressure. Strong ability to develop and maintain collaborative relationships with key partners such as Business Analysts, Business Representatives, suppliers and Analyst Programmers. Essential experience Extensive experience of nonfunctional testing encompassing a variation of projects and methodologies (Waterfall, Agile, VModel). Extensive experience of nonfunctional testing with strong base test skills and experience of working through a number of full lifecycle projects. Significant experience of automated test development including performance test tools such as HP LoadRunner or Borland Silkperformer. Experience in other types of nonfunctional testing such as Security, Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity, Usability testing. Experience with HP Quality Centre test management tool. Strong commercial experience in the software testing domain with strong understanding of the test tools, techniques and processes involved. To apply for this exciting nonfunctional tester position, please send your CV in the first instance. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/Nonfunctionaltester_job****