Title: Supply Chain Director
Webindex: 68832689
Description: Supply Chain Director Bristol ****  ****  Bonus  Pension  Health  Life Assurance  Car Allowance Excellent opportunity for a Supply Chain Director looking to join a market leading company with lots of opportunities for further development and progression. This organisation is a leading engineering company based in Bristol. They are currently witnessing a period of exceptional growth and development across all sectors and as such are looking to recruit an individual to head up the Supply Chain. In this role, you will be responsible for management and oversight of the entire supply chain. You will devise and implement strategies aimed at streamlining and improving the global supply chain strategy and work across many complex industries. As well as managing a large team of supply chain professionals, you will also be responsible for working closely with other members of the senior management team to develop processes and strategy. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a market leading, bluechip organisation in a position yielding real influence with the chance to continue your career progression. The Role: Management of a global supply chain Develop and implement processes, procedures and goals across the division Liaising regularly with clients and customers to understand requirements Working closely with internal teams such as Commercial and Business Development Acting as senior point of contact for all enquiries across the department The Person: Experience of running a Supply Chain across a global business A background in an industry such as Aerospace, Defence, Marine etc would be beneficial Holding a qualification such as APICS or MCIPS Supply Chain Director, Procurement, Purchasing, Manager, Director, Head, Senior, Aerospace, Marine, Defence, Space, Mechanical, To apply for this role or for to be considered for further roles, please email your CV to Click here to contact this recruiter or visit our website at www.risetechnical.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd. The services of Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd are that of an Employment Agency. Rise Technical Recruitment Ltd regrets to inform that our client can only accept applications from engineering candidates who have a valid legal permit or right to work in the United Kingdom. Potential candidates who do not have this right or permit, or are pending an application to obtain this right or permit should not apply as your details will not be processed. 