Title: NHS Senior Information Analyst
Webindex: 71305528
Company: Experis IT
Description: I am currently recruiting for Senior Information Analysts to work with my client, a large NHS Trust based in London. The successful candidate will be part of a team providing a high quality patient activity information analysis service to managerial, clinical and operational staff for strategic, business, research and operational purposes. The post holder will have specific areas for which they will take lead responsibility. This includes business planning and modelling, income support, data quality, statutory and corporate reporting and an adhoc request service Experience needed: 34 years Health Informatics experience Indepth knowledge and understanding of mandatory reporting requirements, NHS data standards and definitions Good understanding of new/developing NHS performance monitoring systems Knowledge of NHS contracting payment by results Experience of communicating complex issues and data concepts to a range of people. Advanced knowledge and competent use of Patient Administration System and other HealthCare I.T. systems, all Microsoft Office packages especially Excel and Access. SQL experience. Experience of managing projects including use of project plans, identifying risks, etc Qualities needed; Administrative and organisational skills Strong communication skills  written and verbal  able to identify key points from complex issues and explain them appropriately and with clarity Numerate with statistical skills and interpretive reporting including ability to apply and analyse data using Statistical Process Control. Structured, diagnostic approach to finding solutions to complex data issues. Ability to quickly and accurately analyse and interpret information Innovative and lateral thinker Ability to identify and embrace change in the drive towards continuous improvement Ability to relay information and train staff on a one to one basis Ability to operate consistently at high level summary as well as detail levels Ability to listen and interpret users needs and to inspire confidence Please note we need someone for this position as soon as possible and there is an immediate start date. For more information please send through an updated CV. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NHSSeniorInformationAnalyst_job****