Title: Web Project Manager ( Waterfall, Agile Experience)
Webindex: 69250602
Company: Focus Resourcing Limited
Description:  Our Cardiff based client is looking to recruit a Project Manager as soon as possible, duties are as follows: Responsibility for the delivery of enterprise web application projects on time and budget and to high quality. Able to ensure that functional and nonfunctional requirements are given equal priority to achieve the final result. Leadership of a highly experienced team of professionals in disciplines from UX to performance testing. Able to link up specialists in our team with specialists on client side and keep track of both. Proactively manage the specification and build of the project using tenacity and commercial awareness whilst maintaining a sense of urgency and keeping your team motivated. Manage internal and external risks exceptionally well, being confident to challenge unclear requirements or aspirations, ensuring a winwin result. Apply your experience of project management techniques estimating, detailed MS Project plan development, dependency mapping, WBS production, progress tracking, risk management, test cycle management to lead to a successful result. Keep accurate, organised records of all aspects of the project, including management of PIDs, Issue Logs, Risk Logs and Project Finance, providing a complete audit trail of decisions, project progress signoffs etc. Stay on top of developments in digital marketing technology to a suitable standard for client management at executive level, empathising with the priorities and needs of a range of customers from public sector to private. Mandatory skills: Demonstrable experience (****  5 years) of web application project management preferably in an agency environment. Responsibility for overseeing the production of technical documentation such as specifications and/or wireframes, experience in business analysis Ability to project manage unit testing, system testing, SIT and UAT stages (in conjunction with the test manager) Thorough understanding of web application technology and the current marketplace Solid track record of working with specific PM methodologies and software project management approaches such as waterfall, agile Proactive, customer focussed and able to act with urgency In addition to these skills we are looking for someone who is passionate about the web and thrives from working in a team of likeminded people. In return we will give the right candidate the following benefits: Great salary (****k  ****k) depending on experience Contributory (3%) Pension ChildCare voucher scheme Cycle purchase scheme Training Social events Subsidised gym membership