Title: Business Continuity/Information Security Compliance Manager
Webindex: 69044035
Company: Coal IT Services
Description: Business Continuity/Information Security Compliance Manager (iSO / SOX)  Cambridge  ****k  benefits Industry leading technical blueprint company is currently recruiting for an experienced Business Continuity / Compliance Manager to join a well established Operations team in the delivery of Information Security processes/policies in accordance with SOX and various ISO standards ( ISO 20000, ISO 27000, ISO 22301) Key words associated with this role: ISO 20000, ISO 27000, ISO 22301 and PMI or PRINCE2 / audit / compliance / SOX / Sarbanes oxley / information security / risk The successful Business Continuity/Information Security Compliance Manager will  work closely with global leaders throughout the company, internal and external audit teams and efficiency experts within the industry. This individual will help IT service owners and project managers control and proactively manage information security and compliance obligations in a cost efficient and pragmatic manner. accountability for preparing monthly reports and helping business leaders secure the companies information assets.  deliver frameworks and processes that yield the control necessary where the protection of IP is critical to future success.  helping IT mature it’s compliance framework in a way that ensures ongoing ISO certification and active integration of key security requirements in our ITIL process framework and project portfolio. work with other business leaders to ensure that security is adequately incorporated into our strategic planning, operational planning, enterprise architecture and service delivery initiatives. Experience required for the position of Business Continuity/Information Security Compliance Manager Detailed knowledge of IT security and compliance issues. Solid understanding of key ISO standards. Familiar with ITIL and other IT process best practices. Understanding of how a corporate IT department operates. Extensive IT skills and experience with automated compliance tools Sound presentation and communication skills. Ability to create strategies, plans and action points and drive all three to an outcome. Desirable Skills Experience for the position of Business Continuity/Information Security Compliance Manager Previous work experience within an IT or engineering environment would be an advantage Interest in the IT industry and an understanding of the challenges facing the industry would be useful. Detailed understanding of ISO 20000, ISO 27000, ISO 22301 and PMI or PRINCE2 Experience in month and period end close procedures. Experience in audit and regulatory compliance issues and obligations. Demonstrable experience in working as an accountant in either public or private practice. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessContinuityInformationSecurityComplianceManager_job****