Title: Service Desk Supervisor  Manchester, Lancashire
Webindex: 68695582
Company: Tribepost Ltd
Description: TribePost Ltd are working on behalf of our client to fill this vacancy. Available vacancy: Service Desk Supervisor This position is based in: Manchester, Lancashire Salary:  ****  **** per annum (depending on experience) and benefits This role involves managing a team of technicians completing a range of key customer service activities to both telecom end users and Channel Partners. The service desk supports both fault and provisioning queries and requests. Technicians are trained across the two disciplines. This role is targeted against first time fix and accurate provisioning, and for any activity which requires handoff to other areas for action (e.g. 2nd/3rd line fault teams or suppliers) the Service Desk will be responsible for managing the completion of any activity to SLA and keeping the customer informed throughout the process. Support will be provided across a range of products (both our client and 3rd party) and a high degree of technical knowledge as well as the ability to articulate in a language understood by end users (potentially without a detailed understanding of the technology) will be essential. In particular, knowledge of broadband / data services will be key. We are looking for a strong, driven individual to grow and develop a technically competent team to deliver outstanding customer service. This individual must be innovative, solution focused and able to deliver multiple activities in a technically complex and customer focused environment. Duties include: Team Management • Identify, set, measure and deliver team targets • Monitor, manage and prioritise daily workload for team members • Manage work threads to SLA escalating and resolving where necessary any potential risks or failures • Perform regular appraisals for team members (monthly) • Provide training to all staff • Provide performance feedback and development to address any gaps in reaching quantitative or qualitative targets within the team • Perform weekly quality checking Fault and Provisioning Management • Ensure the team: o Receive and correctly process provision orders o Ensure accurate provision activity with a low rate of early life failures / rejections o Manage faults to resolution (based on SLA and customer priority) o Keep customers regularly updated during the period of their open fault/order • Ensure all faults and orders are progressed cleared within SLA – escalating to other internal and external teams as required • Provide notice of any expected or unplanned service disruption to customers • Foster a culture based on first point resolution Supplier Management Support Tasks • Representing our client at supplier and industry meetings as required • Maintaining serviceaffecting issues log and seeking resolution for customer impacting issues • Attend Service Review Meetings with suppliers and customers as required • Identifying areas for improvement and presenting these for consideration e.g. automation opportunities/process enhancements • Responsible for delivering service which provides an excellent customer experience • Escalate serious issues in a timely fashion to company management • Maintain team documentation e.g. processes, training material Escalation Management • Own any team escalations to ensure resolution on behalf of the customer • Understand and use effectively/appropriately escalation paths to seek resolution for customer queries, ensuring the customer is updated throughout • Conduct root cause on resolution of any incident/escalation to identify cause of failing and preventative actions • Implement improvements to prevent recurrence Communications • Hold regular and effective team meetings • Ensure technicians provide clear customer communications via both email phone contact • Ensure technicians use appropriate (i.e. tailored to the callers telco knowledge) and professional language through customer communication In addition, a general skillset required for all company positions includes an excellent level of ability in written and spoken English, good numeracy, and proficiency in Microsoft Office packages including Word, Excel, Outlook. During the recruitment process, candidates may be required to undergo online skills tests including general intelligence, personality profiling and IT proficiency. Strictly no agencies unless appointed by us. Speculative agency CVs will not be accepted. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceDeskSupervisorManchesterLancashire_job****