Title: Implementation Manager
Webindex: 68814356
Company: BMS Recruitment
Description: Job Title Implementation Manager / Presales Executive / Software Support, ****k  Bonus Skills Software Support, Presales, HR/HCM Solutions Salary ****k Basic  Bonus, Travel Expenses, Pension, Laptop, Mobile Location London, Reading, St Albans, Basingstoke, Woking The Company This wellfunded and excellently staffed software sales organisation operates internationally and is now seeking to expand its UK sales and technical team. They provide a knowledge and learning management system and talent administration software which effectively controls all aspects of training, staffing and testing, thus allowing firms to make the best possible use of their people. Recent product innovations are focusing them towards mobile applications, and their software solutions ensure that customers meet compliancy regulations. The Person They are looking for the following Key Skills: You will come from a professional services background, both functionally and technicallyA knowledge of web software, portal technology and databases is importantYou will understand software systems at a technical levelAny German language skills are a bonus The Role This is a new role, part of their professional services team; their clients are in the banking, aviation, ecommerce and pharmaceutical sectors and you will be home and office based with some travel in EMEA. The role involves setup, installation and configuration of their products to integrate with HCM software systems; you will work on requirement analysis documents to deliver the required systems configuration. Full product training is on offer and there are excellent resources here to back up your efforts. Candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Please contact Ross Creed on **** **** or email presalesbmsit.com to discuss this and other unadvertised positions. www.bmsit.com BMS has been established for over twenty years, specialising in providing solutions presales and sales professionals to the IT and Telecoms marketplace. Our approach is to listen to your needs and to provide a highvalue/low volume solution for all of your recruiting requirements.