Title: Project Manager (Logistics)
Webindex: 71197992
Company: TEKsystems
Description: An expanding Project Management consultancy are currently looking to recruit a top quality IT Project/Programme Manager, to work with corporate clients on their large software/infrastructure projects. They are undergoing a significant recruitment surge and are keen particularly to find a project manager with LOGISTICS experience Candidates must be qualified Project Managers (PRINCE**** or PMP) with an extensive career history in delivering large projects. You will need the ability to adapt quickly to new environments and challenges over a variety of industries, leading projects primarily within the logistics sector. You MUST have a background in the logistics industry, with responsibility of budgets in excess of ****k. This is an opportunity to join a rapidly expanding company with a turnover in excess of 100million, providing opportunity to work with corporate clients on a daily basis. To apply for the role reply to this ad with an updated copy of your CV, or for further information email maburnsteksystems.co.uk. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.