Title: Advanced Level 3 IT Apprenticeship
Webindex: 68677661
Company: Aspire, Achieve, Advance Limited
Description: This is an apprenticeship, therefore we can only accept applications **** year olds. We apologise for any inconvenience. Entry Requirements: You must have or are predicted to achieve a minimum of **** GCSE's at Grade C and above including English, Maths and ICT (or equivalents such as BTEC’s/Key Skills) The National IT Partnership is a training partnership specialising in the delivery of IT apprenticeships across the country. NITP provide high quality IT Support Technicians to feed the demand for qualified IT professionals through the delivery of our NEW high quality Level 3 training and we are now looking to recruit new apprentices for our October and January 2013 intake. Your time is split between the IT Academy in Cosham (for training) and with your employer (where you will receive on the job training) over the course of 12 months. We currently have positions available within a variety of roles including Web Designer, IT support and Software Development. We are looking for candidates with a strong desire to work within the IT industry and who would like to benefit from gaining industry recognised qualifications and practical real life experience of working within the industry. Training will be based at Highbury College in the IT Academy. Successful candidates will be expected to attend the Cosham Campus on a regular basis and therefore must be able to travel to and from Cosham. The apprentice will work towards a Level 3 Advanced Apprenticeship in IT, Software, Web and Telecoms. The qualifications consist of:  Edexcel Advanced Apprenticeship in IT, Software, Web and Telecoms including:  L3 Diploma in ICT Professional Competence  L3 Extended Diploma in ICT Systems and Principles  Functional Skills ICT, Communications Application of Number (If necessary) The successful apprentice will have a strong desire to work in the IT Industry and also have strong IT skills and meet the apprenticeship entry requirements. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/AdvancedLevel3ITApprenticeship_job****