Title: Senior Data Warehouse Administrator/Oracle DBA
Webindex: 69892849
Description: Data Warehouse/Administrator/Oracle DBA/Database Administrator Our financial services client based in Bristol is currently seeking a Senior Data Warehouse Administrator/Oracle DBA on a permanent basis. This is an exciting time to join a client that is in transition to streamline their business. Senior Data Warehouse Administrator/Oracle DBA: Planning, maintaining and communicating load schedules across Data Warehouse systems. Running the production loads and core reporting systems at the required frequencies, including load initiation and load monitoring. Capturing load diagnostics and performance measures, and using these to identify and escalate points of concern. Investigating load failures and issues, and working with IM and Finance Systems Developers to correct and enable load processes to be restarted ASAP. Communicating load successes and load issues to the Information Management and Finance Systems Teams. Working with Senior Developers to coordinate development cutovers with system loads. Implementing production database changes in support of development activity. Maintaining appropriate security on production development and reporting databases. Supporting database changes as required in development. Ensuring appropriate documentation for load and DBA procedures are in place and maintained. Performance monitoring and tuning as appropriate of production databases. Taking a proactive approach to investigating and progressing database performance issues. Planning and coordinating hardware and software upgrades and issue resolution with relevant areas of IT. Contributing to development procedures and guidelines around best practice. Implementing and maintaining database change control procedures within the team. Carrying out regular reviews of security and proposing improvements where appropriate. Sharing knowledge within and external to the team both informally and through formal meetings and presentations to stakeholder groups. Mentoring and development of other DBA s skills within the area, including support of work allocated to DBA resource. Prior experience in a DBA or DBA related role essential. Experience in using IBM UDB and/or Oracle required. Experience in using ETL tools (e.g. Informatica, Data Integrator etc) Experience in using Kalido Broad technical knowledge encompassing server and database environments. Prior experience of working with Data Warehouse and MI systems and processes beneficial. High degree of selfsufficiency and able to manage working hours effectively and in line with work commitments. Excellent communicator, keeping stakeholders apprised of progress and issues. Willingness to work outside of core hours and to flex hours according to known environment support requirements. If you have the desired skills and relevant experience please send me your CV in the first instance and I will then call you to discuss the opportunity. Due to the nature of the clients business their will need to be fit and proper checks in line with FSA regulation. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business