Title: Java Developer/Programmer  Financial Services
Webindex: 69019050
Company: Qualserv Consulting Ltd
Description: Java Developer/Programmer  Financial Services Keywords: Java, developer, programmer, software engineer, oracle, JavaScript, XML, CSS, xhtml, HTML, linux, Solaris, windows, unix, struts, WebLogic, SQL, JEE, hibernate, ajax, analyst, analyst/programmer How would you lie to work on some very exciting projects within the financial services industry without the requisite financial services background? My client  one of the largest corporate on the planet  are seeking a highly capable Java developer to join their team. In terms of this company s IT function itself it s an exciting time to join their team. Over the last 9 months the function has gone through a lot of change in terms of technologies being updated, processes being reviewed and updated. The objective of the role is to develop, maintain and support internally produced software applications. The Java Developer will be involved in the full development life cycle of analysis, design, development, testing, documentation, support and implementation. You should have good knowledge of Java, JSP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, SQL, Oracle ****g Ideally gained on both Windows and Unix platforms ( more specifically Solaris and Linux). It is essential you have extensive experience in a formal structured development environment and ideally have the following experience as well Experience and expertise in at least three of the following; Java, Struts**** Spring, Hibernate, JQuery, AJAX and Oracle database. Webservice technologies Strong SQL knowledge, ideally ANSI Intermediate to Strong JavaScript knowledge Experience of three tier webbased applications; Oracle database tier, JEE Application Server tier and web tier with particular emphasis on the web tier. Specific experience of application Servers such as OAS and Weblogic would be advantageous. Be able to demonstrate, communicate and implement recognised frameworks, design patterns, tools and standards in relation to Java and JEE. Experience in Impact assessments for Change Requests and the production of estimates for development and delivery. Indepth experience of the full software development life cycle; analysis, design, development, testing and implementation. Extensive knowledge of Configuration Management, Change Control and Build tools (J****EE, Maven, Hudson and JUNIT and Subversion)