Title: Junior Business Analyst
Webindex: 68098415
Company: BPM Tech
Description: Business Analyst/BA/Junior BA/ISEB/UML/PRINCE Junior Business Analyst required for a leading organisation based in Milton Keynes. The Business Analyst will be involved in all aspects of business and systems analysis work, working on a variety of projects and providing support where appropriate. You will work closely with Process Analysts in partnering the Business transform their Operational Objectives into active Business Operations. Your role will involve working closely with business users analysing, gathering and translating their specific needs to produce clear, unambiguous Business Requirements and Functional Specifications. You will also work closely with internal IT, project management, development and test teams ensuring all end to end requirements of change and projects are met. RESPONSIBILITIES During initial feasibility, work closely with the business and IT to produce options papers.  Gather high level and detailed requirements for new and existing systems. .  Translate complex business and technical issues into understandable concepts for all audiences.  The production of unambiguous Business requirements and Functional Specifications.  Working with the Development Team you will assist to convert customer requirements into technical solutions that are both feasible and cost effective ensuring the quality of the product and customer satisfaction. Work closely with business representatives, application users, all areas of IT and external suppliers. Where possible, input ideas and feedback for areas of improvement or advancement back to the business.  Manage and maintain strong relationships with all project stakeholders, resolving issues where there are differences of opinion (business representatives, application users and external suppliers). Manage and maintain strong relationships with business representatives across all business, but paying specific attention to your given business area, resolving issues where appropriate. Maintain and constantly update your system knowledge across all applications, but paying specific attention to the systems where you are the primary or secondary contact. Assist the Project Managers with estimates, planning, business cases and risks issues (raising and resolution). Assess the business implications of proposed changes, identify complementary/contradictory requirements across the business and make recommendations on how to move forward. Work with Process Analysts as they create the 'As Is' and 'To Be' processes. Work with the Testing Team to assist, where possible, with the creation of the test strategy, plan, scenarios and scripts. Support Testing throughout the testing period. Business Analyst/BA/Junior BA/ISEB/UML/PRINCE This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JuniorBusinessAnalyst_job****