Title: Support Developer
Webindex: 69501979
Company: Gold Group Limited
Description: A leading Consultancy that provide Project Management, Business Analysis, Technical Architecture, Design, Development Testing and Maintenance Support into an enviable selection of Blue Chip clients, predominantly within the Investment Banking Sector, are looking for a Support Analyst Developer in London paying between ****  **** plus benefits. The role will involve support and enhancement of complex systems (some development, so you will need to be developers but with a track record of support and problem solving. You will get to develop, but you will have to be good at / enjoy the problem solving, support etc. and be good at dealing with people at all levels. You will be responsible for: Daytoday responsibility for support, testing and development of complex realtime, business critical systems Successful delivery on time and to agreed scope and quality Technical analysis and design Technical leadership Risk issue management Status reporting and client liaison Setting and controlling delivery standards The ideal candidate will have the below experience: Good first degree in Computer Science or a closely related discipline Strong problem solving skills 5 years experience of commercial enterpriselevel software development, enhancement and production support in either .NET or Java environments Experience with development and support of applications using: Database design and SQL development (Oracle, SQL Server, Sybase) Middleware  TIBCO, MSMQ etc. Application Servers  Tomcat, WebSphere, Weblogic, JBoss etc. Commercial experience of iterative/agile development methodologies (SCRUM, XP, DSDM, RUP etc.) Fantastic opportunity with a growing and forward thinking business who have doubled in size over the last 5 years through constant successful delivery. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK s leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we ve got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview.