Title: SQL Server Database Administrator / SQL Server DBA – Northamptonshire
Webindex: 70781660
Company: Aria Select Ltd
Description: SQL Server Database Administrator / SQL Server DBA – Northamptonshire / Lancashire This is a role for a handson technical SQL Server Database Administrator with significant practical experience and expertise to join this leading technology company with a firm foothold within the travel industry. The purpose of this role includes participation in database deployments including upgrades, capacity planning, backup strategies, and integration planning and execution. This role can be based out of either Northamptonshire or Lancashire as our client has offices in both of these locations. Technical skills required for the position are as follows: Minimum of 3 years SQL Server DBA experience. Solid experience with administering multiple SQL Server versions and instances, including clustering for SQL Server 2005 and SQL Server 2008 and 2008 R2. Practical experience in monitoring and tuning databases using profiler, dynamic management views / functions, execution plans, Indexing. Strong TSQL skills including Log shipping, Database Mirroring, SQL Patching,Good TSQL skills, Performance Tuning and VLDB’s. Windows Server 2008 / R2. SAN Technologies. Exposure to Data warehousing. Experience in SQL Server Replication (Snapshot, Transactional). Experience with DTS and SSIS. Technical documentation skills. Experience with supporting internal and web facing databases. Experience in operational activity including database optimisation, backup and recovery, trouble shooting and new implementations. Knowledgeable with relational database modelling. Thorough knowledge of computer programming environments. Experience building and deployment including assisting in design and project related deployments through non production and production environments. Skilled at analyzing and troubleshooting, providing support of ecommerce systems and supporting data sources. Experience working with Developers and Engineering / Architecture teams in delivering enterprise solutions. Administered standards, controls, procedures and documentation (i.e. SOX, PII PCI). Experience in documenting systems for support, maintenance, processing, and reporting and Audit purposes Resultsoriented and able to deliver in a fastpaced environment In discipline skills gained in a medium to large IT enterprise environment including: Storage general technology theories, practices and support Management tools and configuration management in accordance with vendor recommendations and client’s requirements Virtualization methodologies and management Performance capacity management and reporting Knowledge of network as it pertains to the discipline Proactive monitoring tools / alerting / trending Security processes, management and auditing requirements and audit documentation Creation and maintenance of support documentation / Runbooks High availability concepts and technologies SDLC practices and ability to follow documented process to deploy software/code within multiple environments Desirable skills: Experience with SSRS beneficial Exposure to SQL Server and VMware will be advantageous Experience working in multiplesite, multiple vendor team environment and with an onshore team presence Skilled at analyzing current applications and conceptualizing and implementing innovative highly available and high performance solutions. Scripting Backup and Restore methodologies and practices Conduct system performance analysis and performance improvements in collaboration with Architects, Engineers and Network Engineer to insure system efficiency SQL Server 2000 Crystal Reports Oracle CLR SSAS / OLTP / OLAP The salary on offer will be in the region of **** plus benefits. Buzzwords: Database Administrator, SQL Server Database Administrator, SQL Server DBA, DBA, SSAS, OLTP, OLAP, Clustering, TSQL, Northamptonshire, Kettering, Northampton, Lancashire, Kent. Aria Select Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SQLServerDatabaseAdministratorSQLServerDBANorthamptonshire_job****