Title: Infrastructure Solutions Manager
Webindex: 66609415
Company: Southbank Centre
Description: Infrastructure Solutions Manager Post: Infrastructure Solutions Manager / Architect Department: Digital and Technology Reports To: CIO The Southbank Centre are looking to recruit an Infrastructure Solutions Manager / Architect to lead on technical design, overseeing the project management of infrastructure solutions into the UK’s largest arts centre. The Infrastructure Solutions Manager / Architect will be joining an organisation occupying a ****acre site that sits at the heart of London’s most vibrant cultural quarter on the South Bank of the Thames. The Infrastructure Solutions Manager / Architect will be responsible for: Storage, backup and DR Design of new server room and network for major capital project W**** desktop refresh including VDI, endpoint device management Design of infrastructure to support new digital platforms Primary Purpose To design, deliver and manage Infrastructure Solutions into operational service through thorough technical and commercial analysis, using robust design, project management and change management techniques. Scope of Infrastructure Solutions: core server, desktop and network infrastructure (on premises, externally hosted and cloud), operating systems and office automation solutions. Main Responsibilities: Establish and maintain a **** year roadmap for the development of SC's digital and technology infrastructure. Devise and initiate new projects to deliver solutions. Develop robust business cases for investment in new infrastructure solutions. Lead on the design of infrastructure solutions, coordinating the work of specialists. Manage the implementation of new solutions through a thorough understanding of project and change management. Ensure that infrastructure solutions meet business and technical requirements and incorporate opportunities offered by emerging technologies. Ensure that infrastructure solutions comply with the standards set in SC policies and external regulations and legislation. E.g. DPA, PCI. Take on specific compliance projects. As a core member of the Design Authority ensure that change is thoroughly assessed, planned and authorised based on a sound understanding of impact, cost and risk. Manage solution procurement to ensure the most effective and best value system is selected to meet the requirements. Comply with organisation procurement procedures. Ensure new solutions are handed over effectively to IS Operations by planning release management with the IS Operations Manager and ensuring a high quality of training and documentation. Offer support and advice to the IS Operations Manager as required in the management of infrastructure and problem solving. Work collaboratively with colleagues in the D T department and across SC. Plan effectively to determine their involvement and requirements to help them plan their own workload and ensure solutions are compatible. Effectively plan and manage project resources and budgets. Manage Infrastructure Solutions team including a Technical Architect, Project Manager and other fixed term specialists as required. Design and regularly review an effective BCM solution. Coown and develop, with the IS Systems and Projects Manager, the ITIL Design and Transition processes. Support Digital and Technology strategy development by keeping abreast of technology innovation and future business requirements. Person Specification Experience working within the IST function of a large/complex organisation. Broad technical knowledge across infrastructure and core business applications spanning back office and public facing systems including: Infrastructure, Networking, IT Security (PCI/DPA), Desktop (Windows, Citrix) Data Center, Virtualization, Cloud, and Intranet/internet and web based applications and infrastructure. Significant experience of managing projects that demonstrates a detailed understanding of each stage of the project lifecycle. (Prince **** Practitioner qualification desirable). Experience of successfully managing change. E.g. delivering technical solutions that have had a significant impact on users – both business users and external public/customers. Firsthand experience of detailed technical design as a solutions architect. A good understanding of IT Service Management. (ITIL Foundation v**** desirable) Strong documentation skills to support configuration management and service operations. Managed complex projects up to ****k. Excellent communication skills  able to explain technical concepts to a nontechnical audience is key. A good level of commercial awareness – experience of establishing robust business cases for investment. Recruited and managed specialist resources, consultants and contractors, to support projects. Benefits include Free tickets Interest free season ticket loan Meal Discount Retail discounts Hayward Gallery Free entry to other galleries Employee Assistance Programme Childcare Voucher Scheme Cycle to Work Scheme Retirement Support PLEASE PROVIDE A COVER LETTER WITH YOUR CV The Southbank Centre has an extraordinary creative and architectural history stretching back to the **** Festival of Britain. Southbank Centre is home to the Royal Festival Hall, Queen Elizabeth Hall, Purcell Room and the Hayward Gallery as well as The Saison Poetry Library and the Arts Council Collection. The Digital and Technology Department is responsible for the support, maintenance and ongoing development of Southbank Centre’s IST infrastructure, business systems and public facing digital platforms. There are approximately **** users. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InfrastructureSolutionsManager_job****