Title: Client Engagement Manager – IT Services Delivery, Consultancy, Project
Webindex: 68686070
Company: Xperian Recruitment Limited
Description: Job Title: Client Engagement Manager – IT Services Delivery, Consultancy, Project Management Skills: City, London, Client Engagement Manager, Project Management, Stakeholder Mgt, Onshore, Near shore, Risk management, IT, Telecommunication, Media, Banking, financial Services, New business engagement, Change Management, budgetary control, Resource and Man management Location: City, London Due to increased growth and success of the company, a new position for an experienced Client Engagement Manager to take ownership of our client delivery programs, established strategic relationships with stakeholders internally and externally on an international basis. The Client Engagement Manager will be responsible for managing the relationship with global corporate brand names clients from the banking, financial services, telecommunications, media, sports, entertainment and professional services sectors. Company: Wellestablished global IT Services organisation, with nearly **** employees working across various UK/European development centres and further offices in the US. Delivering its services to a number of global corporate brand names from the banking, financial services, telecommunications, media, sports, entertainment and professional services sectors. They are able to offer a blend of onshore consultancy, project management and nearshore IT service delivery. Providing design, implement and manage secure, highvolume, businesscritical systems and digital services for their clients. Role: The Client Engagement Manager role is t o take full responsibility for the definition, documentation and successful completion of complex projects with significant business, political, or highprofile impact, and highrisk dependencies), to ensure that realistic project, quality, change control and risk management processes are maintained. To monitor and control resources, revenue and capital costs against the project budget and manage expectations of all project stakeholders. Skills and Experience Required: Previous and proven experience of a Client Engagement Manager delivering to large corporate organisations Large scale projects delivery within the IT, Telecommunications or Media sectors Management of senior stakeholders internally and externally. Design and deliver presentations to board level Commercial awareness; led negotiations and established financial models Led business growth and looked at opportunities of building new business Led large teams  c**** people Takes full responsibility for the definition, documentation and successful completion of complex projects Ensures that project, quality, change control and risk management processes are maintained. Monitors and controls resources, revenue and capital costs against the project budget and manages expectations of all project stakeholders. Can absorb complex technical information and communicate effectively at all levels to both technical and nontechnical audiences. Has a broad understanding of all aspects of information systems and deep understanding of area(s) of specialisation. Takes initiative to keep both own and subordinates skills up to date and to maintain awareness of developments in the information systems industry. Experience of working on an International basis, culture, political and financial issues Remuneration for the Client Engagement Manager – IT Services Salary: ****  ****  Excellent benefits package available including Pension, Bonuses, Life, Medical and Car Allowance Start: ASAP Skills: City, London, Client Engagement Manager, Project Management, Stakeholder Mgt, Onshore, Near shore, Risk management, IT, Telecommunication, Media, New business development, Change Management, budgetary control, Resource and Man management This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClientEngagementManagerITServicesDeliveryConsultancyProject_job****