Title: Oracle ERP Strategy and Architecture Manager
Webindex: 69041060
Company: Harvey Nash plc
Description: Oracle ERP Strategy and Architecture Manager Internationally recognised toptier consultancy urgently requires an Oracle Strategy and Architecture Manager to join their leading Oracle solutions team. A successful candidate will need to be able to provide deep solution architecture skills across a range of Oracle products (focussing on ERP) and technologies in order to lead the design and delivery of client solutions. A successful candidate will have the opportunity to be involved with full lifecycle projects working on some of the largest and highest profile Oracle implementations in the market. Key Responsibilities:  Working across the key stakeholders in the delivery lifecycle of a project including the project team, the client stakeholders, the hardware vendors, and the software providers in order to shape the most appropriate solution to meet the identified capability requirements.  Perform a leading role in the delivery of critical projects and manage the multiple stakeholders required to deliver the endtoend solution.  Create the required documentation to support the definition and implementation of the proposed architecture from both a physical and logical definition.  Assist the client and stakeholders to shape the required organisation to support the delivered architecture. Personal Attributes:  Significant experience of managing and developing multiorganisation solution teams.  Demonstrate wide array of capabilities from strategic thought leadership and selling to tactical delivery and problem solving.  Been part of multiple project lifecycles, preferable from scoping and planning through to post go live support.  Taken part in a detailed business analysis project and provided recommendations for the future roadmaps and strategies.  Extensive business and process exposure.  Deep knowledge of at several technical architecture components which support core Oracle technologies such as ERP, Reporting and Middleware. This is an exciting opportunity to establish yourself as a leading force within a growing Oracle Strategy and Architecture team based out of London. If you are the Oracle Strategy and Architecture Manager that this leading consultancy requires then send your CV for immediate review. ERP Strategy and Architecture Manager This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/OracleERPStrategyandArchitectureManager_job****