Title: Trainee IT Technical Support Advisor  1st line IT support
Webindex: 69019140
Company: Equation Recruitment
Description: My client is a wellestablished market leading company based in Kidlington and due to continued growth within their sector and internal movements are now seeking to recruit a Trainee Technical Support Advisor to join their team on first level technical customer support. You will be taking inbound telephone technical queries from a varied customer base, assisting them with a range of technical problems and solving IT and software related issues. You will log all support queries and maintain the inhouse database as required. Part of this position will also be contributing to ongoing product development by logging queries through a ticketing system, report writing and development initiatives. After the **** month training period you will be invited to assist with the outofhours support rota. This is a grass roots, entry level position within this organisation and an excellent career path for many other future job avenues within the company as you progress and develop. Full training and support is given within this position however the following screening criteria will apply: Have an excellent telephone manner Live in Kidlington or drive and own a motorised vehicle  living within a **** minute commute of the company. Ideally qualified by Zenos / Pearsons in an IT related discipline (this is only advantageous but would strengthen your application) Able to stay calm and professional in challenging situations (telephone based) Can demonstrate excellent time and attendance If you have and SQL, CompTIA or other related IT qualifications this will also strengthen your application This is a genuinely exceptional trainee IT role and this client boasts excellent staff retention (some have been here for 2025 years), a salary commensurate with your experiences and full training/ongoing support. Equation Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer and operates as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and an employment business for temporary recruitment. Replying to this advert means that you provide us with authorisation to add you to our database in case we have other roles which may suit your skill set. We thank you for your application, however due to the high number of applications being received, only those shortlisted will be contacted. For more details on Equation Recruitment and our current vacancies, please visit (url removed) or contact our Candidate Manager on (Apply online only)