Title: BI Developer  Business Intelligence/Databases/Data Warehouses
Webindex: 72627012
Company: Hewett Recruitment Ltd
Description: BI Developer, Business Intelligence, Databases, Data Warehouses, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, Worcester, West Midlands. A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join a large, market leading technology company based in Worcester as a Business Intelligence Developer. The company design and develop high quality, reliable and forward thinking internet solutions and require a BI Developer to strategically design and implement BI software and systems. BI Developer, Business Intelligence, Databases, Data Warehouses, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, Worcester, West Midlands. A fantastic opportunity has arisen to join a large, market leading technology company based in Worcester as a Business Intelligence Developer. The company design and develop high quality, reliable and forward thinking internet solutions and require a BI Developer to strategically design and implement BI software and systems. This will include the integration with databases and data warehouses and will involve selecting, blueprinting, and gathering requirements and designing and rolling out BI solutions to end users. Key responsibilities will include advancing long term strategic goals for BI development developing the semantic layer, metadata, reports and report definitions developing graphs and portal interfaces assisting in the design of databases and data warehouses researching and recommending BI products and services. The successful applicant will have a proven track record in a similar role, with strong experience in the design of databases and data warehouses (Oracle / MySQL / SQL Server). You should be eduacated to degree level in Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science or a relevant IT topic, and have demonstrable ability with Linux operating systems, PL/SQL and Bash Scripting. It is expected you will have a strong understanding of relational database structures, theories, principles and practices as well as exceptional skills in the analysis of user requirements and subsequent build of front end BI applications. Excellent communication and interpersonal abilities are essential and you should be able and willing to travel throughout Europe. This a brilliant chance to join a growing organisation offering exciting projects to work on as well as excellent career and personal progression. The company also offer an excellent benefits package as well as a wide range of other staff incentives which makes for a fantastic working environment. Salary **** commensurate with experience. Based in Worcester, commutable from Birmingham, Kidderminster, Cheltenham, Gloucester, Hereford, Ledbury, Evesham, Bromsgrove, Redditch, Droitwich Spa and Pershore.