Title: Operations Support Engineer
Webindex: 68181474
Company: Index Group of Companies
Description: Installation/Integration of new hardware/software. Day to day administration of Services operational infrastructure. Fault analysis/Problem determination and resolution for both hardware and software. Liaising with Hardware Maintenance Engineers. Liaising with Support Teams. Customer liaison as required Preparation of technical/operational documentation. Review and update of technical documentation. Training of Operations Team on new systems/infrastructure. Provision of technical support to the Operations Team as required. Preparation of reports for Management and Customer. Attend and represent Services at technical meetings. Review of operational infrastructures and recommendations for improvements to enhance the Service provided to the Customer. Provision of support to other areas of the business as required. Awareness of Quality, Environmental and Security standards as appropriate to the tasks in hand. Ensuring physical security of the site and operational facilities are maintained in accordance with company policies/requirements. Other tasks relevant to the business as directed. Educated to at least A Level/NVQ or equivalent, degree or equivalent preferable, but not essential. Must have valid UK driving license. Must be fluent in both spoken and written English. Ability to liaise with Customers. Experience of working in high pressure environment. Previous proven experience working in a technical support environment. Good knowledge of Linux/unix including installation, configuration and administration. Good knowledge of shell scripting (bash, ksh, csh). Experience web authoring a benefit. Knowledge of networking principles and topologies. Knowledge of archive management systems and principles an advantage. Hardware/Software installation, integration and implementation skills. Good understanding of security principles (physical and IT). Knowledge of System and Network monitoring tools. Proven abilities in problem determination and resolution. Must be able to work as a member of a small team but must also be able to work independently when required. Ability to author technical documentation. Must be able to work to deadlines. Must have a flexible approach to work. Desire to learn and take on additional responsibilities. Due to the high volume of applications we currently receive, we are unable to respond to all candidates. If you do not hear from a Consultant within **** working days unfortunately you have been unsuccessful on this occasion