Title: IT Development / Solutions Manager
Webindex: 55409371
Company: JOBG8
Description: IT Development / Business Solutions Manager  Birmingham **** per annum Working for a City centre Law firm in the heart of Birmingham, our client has a strong belief that appropriate and innovative use of IT can significantly contribute to the success of the firm. In recognition of this, the firm's investment in its IT systems is considerable. Your primary role is to help ensure that the return on this investment is maximised by delivering appropriate IT solutions to business requirements. This will involve understanding and considering requirements in relation to possible off the shelf commercially available solutions and the bespoke development of new solutions. You will have line management responsibility for the internal IT development team. The team's work will include both the development of completely new applications and the development of additional functionality to existing applications. The development work will be done in line with the firm's information architecture and in particular will include integration with the firm's various other information systems. Main duties and responsibilities General responsibilities Day to day management of the IT development team. Assessing development team resource requirements in relation to workload. Considering the appropriateness of the team's skill set, structure and size, and where necessary proposing any changes. Undertaking performance and salary reviews as and when required. IT development staff skills development (in line with business needs). Programme and/or project management of IT related business solution projects, including monitoring of progress to ensure the timely completion of projects and ensuring that expectations are managed through appropriate communication. Supervising and reviewing the work of team members, including working with project managers to ensure that any conflicting resource allocation issues are appropriately managed. Providing technical assistance and advice where appropriate. Skills, knowledge and experience Essential A minimum of three years of managing or leading a team of at least three Development staff At least five years of developing and/or delivering relevant IT business solutions preferably within a professional services environment A good understanding of primarily Microsoft based development technologies (e.g. ASP.NET, C, HTML, CSS, SharePoint, Visual Studio, SQL Server) An understanding of other development technologies (e.g. HCI,JavaScript, PHP) At least two years of relevant business analysis preferably in a legal or Professional services environment At least two years of relevant programme/project management using one or more methodologies (e.g. Agile, PRINCE/****) A good understanding of the importance of security within an applications development environment Attributes Approachable and excellent interpersonal and clientfacing skills Demonstrate openness and integrity with a calm and methodical Approach Ability to explain IT concepts to nontechnical people Ability to coach, mentor and motivate other developers in the team Ability to investigate, propose and deliver innovative solutions Excellent communication skills Ability to manage both own time and that of development team members effectively Apply now and contact me for more informationHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at 