Title: Aspnet Developer  South London  up to ****k
Webindex: 68180785
Company: Gold Group Limited
Description: My client a Business IT Services organisation are looking for a senior developer to work on the design, develop and support applications for external clients using Microsoft Technologies specifically ASP.NET and SQL Server. The role will involve mentoring junior developers and leading the development phase of projects as well as building and maintaining relationships with clients. They are based in Surrey and will be paying up to **** benefits. Main Duties and Responsibilities  Develop web delivered applications for installation on customer sites using Microsoft Technologies, specifically ASP.NET and SQL Server.  Support existing applications that are hosted both on and off site.  Potentially mentor a team of junior developers.  Prepare documentation for projects including but not limited to impact assessment, design specification, functional specification, technical specification and installation guides.  Meet/communicate with external customers to build and maintain relationships. Technical skills: C and ASP.NET VB.NET TSQL VBScript and Active Server Pages UML XML, Web services and WCF XCode and Objective C Oracle ****/****g PL/SQL If this sounds like something you can do, then please apply now. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK s leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we ve got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview.