Title: IT Field Technical Engineer
Webindex: 71810082
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Due to the ongoing rapid growth of our client, they are seeking a wellorganized and highly motivated Technical and Support Engineer with a passion for delivering exceptional service to join their professional service delivery team. Reporting to the Operations Director, you will carry out any technical work given including but not exclusive to, installation and configuration of products, maintaining customers and monitoring customer's statuses and being proactive in analyzing and resolving faults. You will also be required to provide technical training to users with varying knowledge of IT. You will be required to provide pre and postsale consultancy and support, work closely with other departments and keep accurate records of technical implementations as well as support items logged by the helpdesk. There will be the requirement to travel occasionally, with overnight stays from time to time, requiring a full UK driving license. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES Create and develop strong and effective customer relationships. Installation and maintenance of TRP products. Software support of TRP products. Provide remote and telephone support to customers to resolve faults or issues. Enter and maintain accurate and detailed documentation /records of all work. To liaise and work with other departments. Provide technical training to users. Provide technical support to the business Produce overview and support reports. Monthly business reporting. Document all aspects of technical implementations, and log all support items. JOB QUALIFICATIONS Good understanding of Linux, Apache, MySQL Good understanding of network topologies, TCP/IP protocols and diagnostic tools Good understanding of security best practice and implications for technical implementation Experience and understanding of remote desktop sharing for installing software Excellent communication skills and time management Knowledge of SQL and an understanding of Virtual Server Technologies Highly desirable would be any of the following: 3 Years' experience in an IT role with experience of LMS / membership databases / check in software An understanding of email and SMS delivery systems. Experience of providing high quality, proactive technical support Working with BIRT An understanding of Council IT policies and processes Knowledge of Terminal Services and Citrix clients and installing software to their desktops Experience with PHP, Perl/ModPerl, HTML, Javascript, CSS, AJAX, JSON. Experience and understanding of differences between web browser's rendering, as well as of Web Services (SOAP over SSL) Understanding of Survival Analysis A good understanding of A level or above statistics. Your personal characteristics will include: Strong work ethic, selfmotivated and willing to act on own initiative Commitment to meet deadlines Desire to learn on the job Collaborator with team members to ensure commonality and cohesiveness Take ownership of a task and ensure it is completed Act in a professional manner at all times If you think you have what it takes call now on N/A or email katherine N/A