Title: Security Engineer, Security Systems Analyst, Security Analyst, SOC Ana
Webindex: 68495881
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing
Description: Security Engineer, Security Systems Analyst, Security Analyst, SOC Analyst An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Systems Security Engineer, Security Analyst to join my marketleading client based near Southampton. The Security Engineer will be responsible for ensuring that the Security Operations Centre is effectively monitored and that security is not breached, reporting any security vulnerabilities, loopholes and infringements and taking remedial action in a timely manner. The successful Security Engineer will have demonstrable experience in IT security systems and a track record of handling security related incidents and work requests. Candidates should have experience of UK HMG information security process and policies, with knowledge and experience of SPF, JSP **** and CESG product sets. Candidates should also demonstrate familiarity with other industry leading security products and SIEM tools. GIACGCIA qualification is desirable. The System Security Analyst should demonstrate the following technical knowledge and experience: . Proven experience in IT systems security . Experience in UK HMG information security processes and policies . Knowledge and experience of SPF, JSP **** and CESG product sets . Familiarity with SIEM toolets . Networking principles including TCP/IP, WANs, LANs . Ethical hacking/Penetration testing . GIACGCIA qualification desirable The salary for this position is up to **** and candidates will require eligibility to obtain UK (SC) Security Clearance with criteria to meet eligibility for DV clearance if required. So, if you are a Security Engineer, Security Analyst looking for your next exciting role within an expanding team, send an up to date CV today for consideration. Referral Scheme: If this role isn't for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT. If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford's leading IT Recruitment agency. With exclusive access to some of the region's most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business.