Title: Release Analyst Oracle / Java / Unix / Linux
Webindex: 72547561
Company: Stairway2
Description: Release Analyst  Oracle / Java / Unix / Linux: You will take responsibility for regularly releasing software updates for multiple products into multiple environments. You will support manual and automated processes and be key to the success of the tools identified to help deliver efficient and successful releases. You will help to streamline processes and evolve the use of automation tools to transform the release process into a well defined and aligned system that will reduce delivery times. You would be joining an impressive multinational, working in mission critical environments and will encounter both great challenges and great opportunities. Our client provides a supportive environment which enables employees to develop their skills and enhance their career. Salary/Package: ****k  pension  healthcare  life assurance  flexitime Location: London Key responsibilities of the Release Analyst  Oracle / Java / Unix / Linux:  To technically setup, manage and support all software releases into multiple environments, whatever the size.  To fully understand deployment scripts, debug where required, and conduct log analysis.  Fix issues during deployment or coordinate fixes where necessary.  Monitor and assist with software releases by coordinating work with various teams across the globe.  Maintain status in Release Control System and other tracking systems where necessary.  Support the Release manager to build and maintain a Release Calendar of implementation phases and events, building the schedule by identifying future releases including testing, pilot and rollout dates etc.  Produce appropriate release notes and documentation.  There will be occasions when this role will need to undertake Release activities out of standard office hours. Ideal requirements for the Release Analyst  Oracle / Java / Unix / Linux:  Strong experience in Product Deployment and releases.  Experience with an automated deployment tool is highly desirable.  Comfortable with configuration management tools like SVN, PVCS to maintain source code.  Sound knowledge of Java technologies (J****EE, Spring, JSMQ).  Sound knowledge of Oracle PL/SQL.  Comfortable in working on Unix/Linux/Virtual environments and ability to debug shell scripts.  Familiar with Infrastructure Architecture, Operating Infrastructure