Title: French speaking Network Support Engineer/
Webindex: 71633428
Company: Euro London Appointments
Description: Overview Euro London, on behalf of our client , an international leader in the Network and Telecommunications sector, with a client base in **** European countries is currently hiring a French speaking Technical Support Engineer for their UK office. The successful candidate will have excellent experience and knowledge in the fields of IP Networking , Switching, Routing, IP Address Management and VPN Connectivity combined with a customer orientated and communicative attitude. A focus on problem escalation and resolution is essential. Primary functions •Providing support to end customers, dealers and distributors with troubleshooting and technical support being conducted by phone and via email •Setting up new customers on the network , including configuring radius, setting up IPSEC/ SSL VPN connections , VRF’s and routing policies •Liasing with Moble Networks to identify root cause of problems and issues Required skills •Strong understanding of TCP/IP routing, Mobile Data Communications, IPSEC, Radius, Ethernet •Experience working with Cisco Routers, Switches and Firewalls. •Strong technical and analytical skills. •Solid experience in problem analysis and resolution of problems. •Must be able to thrive in a fastpaced, agile environment where critical thinking and strong problem solving skills are required for success. •Strong written and verbal communication skills including English and French, other languages an advantage. Desirable skills •Experience of Mobile Data protocols CSD, GPRS, ****G, ****G Experience •At least one significant experience in Network support in a customer support/helpdesk environment. Education CCNA /CCNP certification (preferred) Other requirements On call requirement one weekend in four . Occasional travel to France may be required. In return my client can offer a competitive salary in a dynamic openplan working environment with a startup atmosphere and a innovative technical product development .