Title: IT Analyst / Programmer – Access, SQL Server
Webindex: 69799779
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: IT Analyst / Programmer  Access, SQL Server Luton, Bedfordshire Up to **** DOE As a leading, global company, our client supplies quality labelling, ticketing and point of sale products required by retailers and manufacturers worldwide. An opportunity now has arisen for an IT Analyst / Programmer to join their team. This is the ideal role for an analyst programmer with excellent MS Access and SQL Server experience, looking to join a global company offering fun, lively yet professional work environment. As an IT Analyst / Programmer, you will be responsible for designing, as well as developing database systems in both MS Access and SQL Server in order to test, debug and document software developed, both internally and externally. Working as a part of the IT team, you will maintain and support our client's systems whilst planning work to meet project or team targets. Your other duties will include:  Producing system and user documentation during the development of systems  Maintaining and supporting assigned systems  Dealing efficiently with incoming telephone calls and emails from internal and external sources  Preparing all documentation clearly and accurately  Communicating and liaising with all departmental managers To be considered, you must have:  Previous experience as an analyst programmer  Excellent Access and SQL Server experience As IT Analyst / Programmer, you will have superb communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to motivate others. Organised and considerate, you must be able to define problems and identify solutions. As part of the recruitment process, candidates will be required to take a technical test during the interview stages. To apply for the role of IT Analyst / Programmer (Access, SQL Server) please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: IT Analyst, IT Programmer, Access, SQL Server, IT Helpdesk Support Analyst, IT Service Desk Support Analyst, Helpdesk Support Engineer, IT Helpdesk Support Engineer, IT Helpdesk Support Analyst, IT Support, Server Analyst. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITAnalystProgrammerAccessSQLServer_job****