Title: Embedded Software Engineer – Wireless Projects
Webindex: 69039999
Company: ENTERPRISE RECRUITMENT LTD
Description: The Embedded Software Engineer will design and write low level software for complex electronics systems within a range of radio based Wireless applications including telecommunications, medical, engineering and consumer goods. Recent examples include the Hardware and Software development of a wireless medical telemetry system, an Air Traffic Control radio system, a satellite communication unit and various ZigBee and Bluetooth developments. In most cases the embedded software engineer will work with one or more software or hardware engineers as part of a multidisciplinary project team. You may also participate in meetings with clients from time to time. The company define embedded software as software working at the electronics/software boundary and/or in a constrained environment (e.g. tight memory, low power). Minimum Requirements With an appropriate background in embedded software, you will have a good degree in a relevant subject, such as electronic engineering or computer science. Experience in embedded software in C Experience in communications software Understanding of both hardware and software Understanding of build systems and source control Experience of the following would be advantageous; Desirable Requirements Understanding of wireless communications systems Windows programming Scripting languages  Position : Embedded Software Engineer Location : Cambridge Salary : ****k Benefits: Profit share scheme, Pension, Life assurance, Private medical insurance, Free canteen (lunch and refreshments), 25 days holiday, Relocation assistance, Flexible working hours. Key Skills : Embedded C, communications software Apply: jamie AT enterpriserecruitment DOT com  If you don’t fit this requirement exactly but are interested in this type of work feel free to email a CV as you may be suitable for similar positions we are recruiting for. I specialise in recruiting software engineers for electronics and technology companies throughout the UK. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/EmbeddedSoftwareEngineerWirelessProjects_job****