Title: Test Analyst  QC, Test Director, SQL, XML
Webindex: 71857328
Company: Provide Consulting Limited
Description: Test Analyst  Quality Centre, QC, Test Director, SQL, XML Test Analyst  Milton Keynes  Leading financial services organisation. Up to **** salary 32 hours per week finishing at 1pm on Fridays with 27 days holiday Company Car AND fuel card AND you can TRAVEL ANYWHERE IN EUROPE WITH FREE FUEL 612% contributory pension scheme Private health insurance company medical department Company performance bonus  Subsidised Restaurant Childcare Vouchers Looking for a more stimulating opportunity in the world of testing and change? Have the ability to create great test scripts and work with SQL, QC and XML? Feel you could contribute to the entire testing life cycle with insight into all phases? Fancy working for a leading financial services organisation with a mind blowing benefits package and the chance to clock off at 1pm on Fridays? WELL READ ON because a leading financial services origination is looking for a savvy test analyst to join a highly collaborative business change testing team right NOW. As the Test Analyst you will form an integral part of the business and work within our core business unit, contributing to the entire business change life cycle above and beyond just testing . These change requests will vary in size from minor updates to major enhancements and you will essentially have complete over sight into the software testing life cycle, making sure that each and every phase of the test cycle is carried out with military style detail. As our Test Analyst you will take various requirements from projects, programmes, teams and individuals, analyse their change requests and produce compelling functional and acceptance tests scripts. We are looking for this person to contribute to the detailed planning of the testing life cycle, analyse how each phase is carried out, map out any combinations of things that could go wrong, then mentor our testers on the execution of the scripts who will be looking to break the system, thus enabling the release of new updates and changes that are fit for purpose.Full documentation of the procedures acted upon right through to delivery/final stage will also be your responsibility. Essential Technical experience needed: 2 years commercial experience with XML 2 years commercial experience with SQL 2 years commercial experience with QC/Quality Centre/Tester Director v9 onwards Experience of the full software testing life cycle Ability to write detailed and compelling technical documentation and scripts Essential personal skills needed: The confidence and ability to ask the right questions, to the right people at the right time Stakeholder interaction ability up to senior, VP and MD level Highly analytical thinker with a dynamic approach able to work in a fast paced changing environment Ideally we are looking for people from similar financial backgrounds  We are offering an excellent opportunity to work inside a highly collaborative business change and testing team with full insight into testing. We look for all employees to achieve their best and excel via unlimited career development. Send an up to date CV immediately to Nathan for a call back.