Title: Senior DBA SQL Server  NoSQL Global ECommerce Brand LDN
Webindex: 67961793
Company: Noir Consulting
Description: Operating since **** my client is one of the fastest growing internet brands around. In a market they invented, they leave their competitors trailing behind, whilst continually expanding their presence around the world. Their award winning technology team have built a reputation for developing revolutionary ecommerce software products that utilise cutting edge technologies and designs. The position will be placed within a brand new Payments and Reporting team, set up to take ownership of payments, invoicing and the accurate reporting of data out of the companies global technology platforms. We are seeking Senior DBA candidates with experience of SQL Server or MySQL plus at least one NoSQL database. Other desirable skills include: PCI Data Security Standards, Business Intelligence, SSRS, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Hadoop and Agile You will follow the firms official career progression programme which offers a genuine career path to a position as a Database Architect or Team Leader. This is coupled with 5 days for training of your choice each year and regular Hackathons to exercise your creativity and deliver prototypes of new products. Our client offers a fun, friendly and open environment with casual dress, flexible working hours, regular social events and top notch infrastructure. This is an amazing opportunity to be an integral part of one of the most exciting technology teams in London To apply for this position please send your CV to Sam Irving at Noir Consulting (sam.irvingnoirconsulting.co.uk). Alternatively call on **** **** **** for additional details. Noir Consulting continues to be the UKs premier .NET SQL recruitment agency; we can help you make the right career decisions Senior DBA (SQL Server 2008 / 2012, MySQL, NoSQL, Hadoop, Business Intelligence, SSRS, PCI, Payments and Reporting, Payment Gateways, Worldpay, Paypoint, SagePay, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Agile, Scrum, BDD).