Title: Manufacturing Delivery DirectorGrow your own practice URGENT
Webindex: 71565014
Company: Lawrence Harvey
Description: SAP Delivery Director: Manufacturing: Boutique SAP Consultancy: Opportunity to build your own practice. My client a recognised SAP Partner is currently looking to recruit a senior practise director to build and develop their manufacturing practice. As Delivery Director you will own and grow your vertical industry practice. The main objective is to deliver profitable growth and you will hold P L responsibility for your industry practice. To be successful you will have a broad set of relationships with key industry influencers / SMEs in your vertical and own mutually beneficial relationships with our target clients in the Large Enterprise space; winning the right to deliver improved business performance and executing successful delivery against this commitment. To do this you will manage your own team of industry resources as well as work collaboratively with the process based consulting practices. Role Description The Delivery Director owns the relationship with the customer and is the most senior role in the account. Demand Generation Grow the market E.g. propositions and engagement with the capabilities. Create innovative customer value propositions in conjunction with the capabilities. Primary point of relationship with SAP Account Managers in the vertical. Not just SAP, but key point of contact for partners. Require a business plan which identifies targets, value propositions, routes to market, etc Forecast your P L. Build an active network. Trusted Advisor / Winning Work Trusted advisor and sounding board (typically at board/executive level). Ensuring we grow profitable mutually beneficial relationships with the customer (and partners). Advise customers on how to deliver their strategic aims enabled by SAP technology. Owner of the sales process. Leading and driving successful bids, formulating and executing on a clear strategy and approach. Delivery Oversight The Delivery Director provides direction; mentoring and oversight on engagements to the Project Manager and the rest of the team ensuring we deliver the value customers are looking for. Typically you will form part of the steering committee and depending on the assignment you may also play other roles. Responsible for the well being of our people and the customer team. Point of escalation for delivery and commercial issues. Quality Assurance of projects you are not directly accountable for. Team Manager Responsible for the growth and well being of your team. Available Resources Your own team of vertical resources. Project Management practice. Leading cross industry process and technology practices. Internal marketing and recruitment departments. Alliance Manager dedicated to developing our relationship with SAP. Key Measures Vertical pipeline. Revenue growth. Profitability. Own chargeability. If you are interested in learning more about this senior and lucrative position within an award winning SAP partner organisation please do not hesitate to contact me for more details. f.heslinglawrenceharvey.com **** **** **** Lawrence Harvey is acting as an employment agency in regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ManufacturingDeliveryDirectorGrowyourownpracticeURGENT_job****