Title: Information Security Consultant  CISSP  Finance
Webindex: 71565601
Company: Matchtech
Description: Information Security Consultant  CISSP  Finance. Working with a leading Insurance organisation, you will form a key part of the Information, Protection and Continuity Team, helping define and implement Information Risk and Security Management. You will need to have extensive, practical information risk and security knowledge gained within a large organisation, preferably in the financial sector or another regulated industry sector. The role will entail leading the implementation of robust information risk management practices through the provision of a comprehensive 'second line of defence' service to the organisation, offering assurance as to the adequacy and effectiveness of the service from an informed risk perspective. What you will do:  Assume responsibility for the risk assessment of business and technology projects, solutions and changes through investigatory and confirmatory activities.  Provide advice, guidance and assurance to key internal and external stakeholders.  Select, design, justify and implement information security controls and other risk remediation solutions reflecting a people, process and technology orientated approach.  Schedule, scope and conduct themed compliance checking reviews.  Monitor and report information security related risk from assessment through treatment to residual, driving forward remediation throughout.  Provide subject matter expertise (SME) on matters relating to information risk and security management.  Manage information security related investigations, incidents and exceptions.  Monitor threats and identify current and emerging risks, undertaking research on information security issues and recommending creative or appropriate solutions, while recognising their commercial impact.  Produce, maintain and implement information security policies, standards, guidance, methodologies, processes and procedures, promoting compliance with them in line with industry best practice and legislative/regulatory requirements.  Develop, maintain and implement information security architecture components modelling the best deployment of information security services in the IT environment. Scope, schedule and facilitate risk assessment exercises, both investigative and confirmatory, to qualitatively assess business impact to the organisation in terms of availability, integrity and confidentiality arising from the loss or compromise of information assets and resources. What you'll need:  A proven track record in the delivery of numerous aspects of information risk and security.  Ability to analyse and understand business requirements in an applications and systems context.  Demonstrable systematic, disciplined and analytical approach to problem solving.  Good knowledge of computer operations' practices and procedures, operating systems, local and wide area communications networks and client/server hardware components.  A detailed knowledge of security concepts and practices and of methods, tools and techniques for information security risk management, compliance reviews and incident management.  A full understanding of control principles, frameworks and practices.  Excellent written, oral, and presentation skills to describe findings, derive conclusions, justify recommendations and gain commitment to remediating risk in a timely and effective manner.  Experience either directly in information risk and security or through full exposure to information risk and security in a business area / IT / audit role.  Qualifications in an Information Security and / or Audit discipline with expectation to gain CISSP and either CISM or CISA certification, ideally within six months of taking on the role if you haven't already gained those qualifications. Proficiency in the standards associated with information risk and security best practice, e.g. ISO 27001, COBIT, CMMi, ITIL and demonstrable understanding of relevant national and international legislation, e.g. Data Protection Act, Computer Misuse Act, RIPA. As the successful candidate, you can expect to be rewarded with a competitive salary, an enviable range of benefits and a true work/life balance. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InformationSecurityConsultantCISSPFinance_job****