Title: Junior Web Analyst
Webindex: 67308140
Company: Accenture
Description: Junior Web Analyst Newcastle upon Tyne ****K per annum (Plus additional benefits) What s in it for you? Choose Accenture for a career, where the variety of opportunities and challenges allows you to make a difference every day. A place where you can develop your expertise working with the best people worldwide in a dynamic, teamfocused environment. The only place where you can use your skills to provide highquality, longterm services for our Global Fortune **** clients, helping them achieve high performance. If this is your idea of a typical working day, then Accenture is the place to be. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialised skills faster to help tailor your career plan. On top of this, we have an extensive benefits package which includes 25 days vacation per year, a gym subsidy, private medical insurance and 3 extra days leave per year for charitable work of your choice. Key features of the role Accenture helps design, deliver and operate cutting edge web solutions for high profile clients across a wide variety of industry sectors such as media, retail, communications, financial services, utilities and government. Demand for these services is growing rapidly and we are currently looking for junior client side and server side web developers to join our high performing workforce. What we re looking for Successful applicants will have: A real passion for technology and the desire to build your skills Analytical and problem solving skills Strong communication and interpersonal skills The ability to work effectively in a team A flexible attitude to the types of projects you could work on and their location (although your base will be in London, you will be required to work on client sites throughout the UK for sustained periods of time) Most of all we re looking for people who are passionate about the web and the benefits it can bring to our clients. Example responsibilities (exact responsibilities dependant on role and level) Working as part of a team to design and implement enterprise level dynamic web applications such as media portals, content management systems, ecommerce sites or banking portals. Helping to translate User Stories into source code on various technical platforms and within waterfall or agile delivery environments. Assisting in the integration of 3rd party services such as video content management solutions, web analytics, cloud infrastructure services or commercial transaction service providers. Qualifications Typical skills of successful applicants Front End Web Developer Essentials: Handson knowledge of HTML(5), CSS(3), JavaScript, AJAX and XML (or at least a few of these) Experience with JavaScript libraries such as jQuery etc. An understanding of crossbrowser/crossplatform compatibility issues An understanding of web standards and best practices Other Desirable Skills: Any experience developing for multiple devices such as mobile and tablets  including responsive design Dynamic CSS technologies such as Sass or LESS Experience with source/version control software such as SVN Understanding of some server side languages such as PHP or Java Back End Web Developer Essentials: An understanding of server side web technologies, this may include: One or more web aligned languages such as Java or PHP Templating technologies such as JSPs, Freemarker MVC frameworks such as Spring, Play, Zend or Cake Object/Relational mapping technologies such as Hibernate, Active Record etc. Experience working with CMS systems such as Drupal and WordPress Databases Working knowledge of HTML, XHTML,CSS, JavaScript Experience with source/version control software such as SVN Excellent communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills Closing date for applications 25th March 2013. Accenture reserves the right to close the role prior to this date should a suitable applicant be found. Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity