Title: SEN Systems and Post 16 Officer  Special Educational Needs Administration
Webindex: 66028717
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: SEN Systems and Post 16 Officer  Special Educational Needs Administration Reference no: Ealing **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: W**** 2 What s involved with this role: The section is responsible for managing and coordinating the statutory assessment, statementing, placement and review arrangements for children with special educational needs (SEN) within the framework of the **** Education Act and the **** SEN and Disability Act and the Code of Practice on the Identification and Assessment of Special Educational Needs. The post holder will administer and manage the SEN Database (Tribal Technology) and Report writing software tool so that accurate and relevant pupil data is available to meet the SEN Code of Practice statutory duties and provide accurate timely data to Finance colleagues to facilitate payments for commissioned services. To continue to develop the database to take account of changing priorities, legislation and technology. To be responsible for the management and caseload relating to Post 16 pupils who no longer have statements of SEN. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Minimum of 12 months recent IT database administration experience, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Experience of writing reports using report writing software Reconciliations experience Microsoft Office skills, particularly Excel Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Children and Adults/IT/Administration Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 23 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited