Title: SAS Data Analyst (Maternity Cover)
Webindex: 70254997
Company: Travel Trade Recruitment.
Description: Are you an experienced SAS Data Analyst, currently out of work and looking for an immediate start on a new Project? Are you familiar with all aspects of SAS Data Analysis having at least 2 years in a similar role? My client, a major Corporate Card Supplier acquires and maintains relationships with millions of merchants who welcome their branded cards. The Global Merchant Services consists mainly of Merchant Acquisition (MA) and Client Management (CLM) teams. SS D supports these two teams with target setting, reporting, performance assessments, incentive payments, profitability analysis and, ultimately, strategy formulation. This position sits in the Sales Strategy Development Group (SS D) within Global Merchant Services Europe (GMSE). The role is based in London, UK. This highly skilled role needs to build strong relationships with senior business leaders across multiple teams. DESCRIPTION OF JOB overall management and production of the reporting and analytics, business intelligence solutions, systems and tools for GMSE Client Management development of new MIS reporting solutions to meet business demands management of processes related to merchant data The incumbent will work closely with the Sales CLM Organisation and will partner with other GMS areas such as Pricing, MA, Finance, Global Business Insights and Capabilities and Marketing for the creation and alignment of tools, systems and reporting solutions. He/she will serve as the SME in regional initiatives/projects related to MIS, Business Performance metrics and system platforms. RESPONSIBILITIES: Supporting the European Sales Strategy organisation with the following: Phone Channel Data Provision, Monthly Reporting Analytics Generating and communicating partner reports queries, as necessary, in a timely manner, achieving and maintaining high quality standards Customer segmentation and contact strategy analysis Supporting adhoc data provision and creating data analysis models and dashboards to help measure performance of GMSEurope Addressing or providing direction to local market resources on adhoc requests Managing communication with internal users during system outages and be key point of contact with Technologies to better understand any system issues SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: This highly skilled role needs to build strong relationships with Market Heads, CLM Heads and Business Planners at the Vice President, Director and Manager level. Requirements from the ideal candidate include: Excellent to professional knowledge of Excel, MS Access, and VBA Macros for both SAS SQL experience Knowledge of any of the following beneficial: Microstrategy, Enterprise Guide, Enterprise Miner Previous experience in data mining, data management and databases Strong analytical/financial skills Ability to learn fast and adapt Selfstarter and customerfocused teamplayer who can work efficiently and effectively alone as well as part of a team and who can juggle multiple projects in an organized way and reprioritize when necessary Positive, 'cando', composed and professional attitude when under pressure; ability to use own judgment and take calculated risks in the absence of complete information to deliver usable endproduct INTERESTED? Please call Gerry on **** **** **** or click here to apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SASDataAnalystMaternityCover_job****