Title: Front End Developer  London
Webindex: 69695003
Company: Madison Bridge Associates
Description: Location: City of London Job Type: Permanent Salary: &pound****  &pound**** per annum, negotiable, inc benefits, OTE Company: Madison Bridge Associates Job Description: We are looking for a FrontEnd Developer to join an Exciting and fast growing London Agency. The role is based in Central London and the salary is negotiable as we are looking for the very best Developers to join the team. Job Specification As a specialist frontend developer you will be expected to work closely with the UX & design teams to create compelling web experiences, matching the creative vision with the latest in usability and interaction design. You will also be expected to work with web developers to produce clean, semantic HTML. We want our HTML to be W3C compliant and accessible (to a point). We want a clear separation between content, style and behaviour, great SEO, comprehensive analytics and a sprinkling of magic Role and Responsibilities Working on development projects your responsibilities will include o Working closely with UX and creative teams o Be able to set up and work efficiently with existing projects o Handson development approach Skill Set Required You are required to have the following skills: o Work through UX documentation and designs to crystallise the technical approach for projects o Minimum of 4 years experience developing sites with clean, hand coded and neatly organised HTML, CSS & JavaScript (2 years HTML5 & CSS3). o Minimum of 1 years experience working with XML/JSON o A solid understanding of OOP principles, design patterns and microarchitectures (e.g. MVC or MVVM etc.) o Writes native, standards based (W3C) & cross browser/device compliant code o Can implement best practices with site performance with regards site speed e.g. asset minification, compression etc. o Highly proficient with AJAX techniques o Has experience with GIT/ SVN o Good working knowledge of Responsive Web Design principles o Understanding of device feature detection and conditional touch/gesture event implementation o Good rapid prototyping skills o Has produced, and can showcase Accessibility Level A and AA compliant websites (WCAG) o Has a good understanding of semantic html, progressive enhancement and SEO implementation techniques o Accurate and rapid project estimation skills o Is on the cutting edge and up to date with interactive technology and advances with HTML 5 capabilities Desirable o Experience with ASP/C/.NET o Code coverage with unit tests o Cloud based(AWS & Azure) environments, PLEASE APPLY NOW