Title: Development Manager,Java, Enterprise
Webindex: 69043228
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd
Description: Development Manager,Java, Enterprise. An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Java Development Manager to join an established, wellknown company based just outside of Oxford. My client is looking for an experienced Manager to manage a team of Java Developers working with enterpriselevel bespoke applications. The Development Manager will be responsible for the daily activities of the staff who are maintaining existing software, developing new applications, improving the quality of the software development and designing technical solutions. The successful candidate will need proven experience working in a large organisation of a global scale working ideally with onshore and offshore developers. The successful Development Manager will need the following experience:  A full understanding of the development lifecycle and development best practice.  A good working knowledge of quality assurance and integration methodologies.  A broad knowledge of enterprise, bespoke software development and delivery.  Experience of development, especially Java and Oracle technologies.  Line management, including career development and coaching This position is offering a very competitive salary of up to **** with an additional car allowance and an excellent corporate benefits package. This role is commutable from Oxford, Didcot, Witney, Abingdon, Reading, Henley, High Wycombe, Newbury, Aylesbury, Swindon, Oxfordshire, Berkshire. If you are a Development Manager with proven experience looking to take an exciting stepup in your career then send through your CV or give me a call on **** **** now to avoid disappointment Development Manager,Java, Enterprise. Referral Scheme: If this role isn’t for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT.If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford’s leading IT Recruitment agency.With exclusive access to some of the region’s most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DevelopmentManagerJavaEnterprise_job****