Title: Test Analyst  Web Mobile Testing  Digital Retail
Webindex: 70520023
Company: Burns Sheehan Limited
Description: Test Analyst  Manual Web Mobile Testing  Agile Scrum environment  Responsive Template (for Mobile projects)  Continuous Integration  Digital Retail with a startup feel  Hugely profitable  Notting Hill; One of the UK s biggest success stories in the world of digital retail requires a Test Analyst. You ll be joining a talented IT / Agile Scrum team that includes a CTO, Scrum Master / Test Team Lead, Automation QA, Linux DevOps, Head of Magento Development, ERP/Python Developer and **** x PHP/Magento Developers. They are also expanding their ERP team to cope with the huge amount of work they have. With turnover growing at approx 20%  30% month on month (they run at 600% profitability), this multi award winning websites unique and innovative ideas has revolutionised the way we buy goods over the Internet. Phenomenal growth has led the company to hire over **** employees in two years (beautiful, spacious offices in London and Shanghai). It s also multi award winning and was recently listed in the Telegraph Tech StartUp Class of 2011. This innovative business have made the step into the future by attempting to bridge the gap between online and offline by using a physical showroom to improve the online retail experience. As part of the technology team, and under the supervision of the Test Team Lead, the Test Analyst s role is to define, create and execute tests from the analysis of both functional and nonfunctional requirements, producing test scripts, test materials and regression test packs to test new and incremental website functionality or services. They will also be expected to record and analyse actions and results, reviewing and modifying tests as necessary, and provide reporting and feedback on progress, anomalies, risks and issues. This is an excellent opportunity for a tester with an indepth knowledge of testing Web/ecommerce applications to further their career with a rapidly growing and past paced organisation where testing is a key and integral part of the software delivery lifecycle. The Test Analyst will work on responsive template projects (for mobile devices) and also be given the opportunity to learn or develop their existing automation skills on eCommerce web based platforms. This company are already investigating TDD tools such as Cucumber and Behat. Continuous Integration will also be a huge part of the working environment. Technical Environment Experience of the following key technologies is highly desirable but not essential:  Selenium  Zend PHP framework  Apache JMeter  Jenkins CI  Magento ecommerce software platform Please note that they will consider applications from Testers who work in the Java or .Net stack but preference is taken to those in the LAMP stack. Benefits include paid training, subsidised private health care, a great working environment, refurbished office with kitchen facilities and good working hours with casual working attire. Please only apply if you have a great sense of humour and don t like to wear a suit and tie to work This creative environment will only attract those who regularly investigate other languages and love working in collaborative teams Also, a love for music would be great Burns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds.