Title: Lead ETL Analyst
Webindex: 68834416
Description: Our Financial Services client based in Wiltshire is looking for a lead ETL Analyst for there office based in Wiltshire. You will be responsible for the ETL design strategy for the client Data Warehouse infrastructure, ensuring the implemented ETL processes are coherent, efficient and supports the strategy for data architecture within Information Management. Lead ETL Analyst Specification: Maintain a high technical knowledge of ETL tools and techniques and a broad awareness of advances in the market place. Use this knowledge to inform and influence internal Data Warehouse design decisions. Own the Development Community of Interest (COI), managing, planning and implementing activities and deliverables identified within the group. Mentor the ETL development team, providing technical support and facilitating knowledge sharing and best practice. Undertake ETL, Universe and application development as required, delivering to time, budget and quality and flagging issues and exceptions in a timely manner. ETL design strategy and best practice are documented and communicated regularly PIR scores relating to ETL implementations from business stakeholders and Information Management groups Quantifiable improvements made to existing ETL solutions (quality, speed etc) Feedback from AGS and Development teams as to impact and influence of the Lead ETL Analyst Audit reviews of ETL developments in respect of design and adherence to strategy and lifecycle. Skilled in the use of all Informatica components, including Power Centre, Power Exchange (IMS and flatfile) and Metadata Manager. Good verbal and written communication skills enabling effective interaction with both IT and Business stakeholders. Organised (work management of self and others) and selfmotivated. Ability to assimilate technical and business information and to help translate these into practical solutions. Ability to positively challenge existing and proposed solutions and present designs and ideas in a clear, concise way. Please send me your CV in the first instance and I will then call you to discuss the opportunity. Reed Specialist Recruitment Limited is an employment agency and employment business