Title: Client Services Director ecommerce, social, mobile, PPC, SEO ****kondon Bonus L
Webindex: 71305309
Company: J Com
Description: Client Services Director ecommerce, social, mobile, PPC, SEO ****k london Bonus My client who are a reputable creative agency are now looking for a truly terrific Client Services Director who has the confidence and know how to lead the client services team and my clients most valuable accounts. Reporting to: Managing Director Working with: Client Services Team, Operations Director, Creative Director, Technical Director. Benefits: 30 days holiday per year, company pension scheme with Aegon (**** year eligibility period applies), company mobile phone (or you can expense your bill if you prefer to use you own), Apple MacBook Air to use as your own, Bike to Work scheme. A discussion on sharing the 'financial success of the agency will reward outstanding performance. Specific job responsibilities Leadership  Leading the companies high profile accounts and establishing trusted relationships.  Maintaining knowledge of clients business, competition, latest industry news and trends.  Acting as a mentor to the Group Account Director, two Account Directors, one Account Manager and one Account Executive. (Note whilst some members of the team lean more towards client service and some towards project management my client do not distinguish the roles  there is not, at present, a separate project management function at the company, though you are free to propose the structure you feel is most e?ective).  Representing client services within the Senior Management Team, the body that runs the company in London. Delivery  Managing the day to day running as well as ensuring the success and satisfaction of your client relationships.  Inspiring the IA, Planning, Creative and Technical teams to create the best solutions possible for the client.  Presenting creative work and budgets to clients.  Ensuring your team communicates regularly with clients on status, timeline, budget, deliverables, and performance reporting, ensuring that communication $ows e?ectively. Commercial  Delivering a certain level of Gross Profit from our accounts, providing 'financial reports and forecasting future client income.  Managing budget v actual.  Growing the accounts by providing thought leadership, and spotting opportunities to provide more services. (Note this is not a new business role in the sense of identifying opportunities and winning work from new customers, but evidence of developing business from existing clients will be compelling to see).  Creating accurate cost estimates for projects of all scales and types. Documentation  Writing proposals as well as assisting junior members of the team with their own proposals is key to this role, so high quality writing skills are essential.  Supporting your team to work with the technical team to create Scope of Work, Technical Specification and Functional Specification documents. The ideal candidate will have:  Talent, ambition and a great personality  A creative industries background with at least 7 years` experience.  Proven project delivery experience.  Commercial acumen.  Experience of leading accounts to the value of ****k and beyond.  Experience of leading and managing Group Account Directors.  Experience of leading group discussions internally, with clients and alongside other agencies.  Proven planning and strategy experience.  Experience of presenting strategy.  Proven experience of increasing revenue from existing clients.  Experience of account forecasting.  Thorough understanding of digital channels including multiterritory web design and build, ecommerce, social, mobile, PPC, SEO and online advertising.  An ability to speak with condence and show knowledge when talking to clients about the changing digital landscape and a practical understanding of how digital 'ts into the broader marketing mix.  A cool, calm approach with strong attention to detail.  Ability to take direction as well as lead a team.  A solution driven attitude and the aptitude to use the tools they have to act on their decisions.  Excellent written skills.  Experience in leading projects in as many of the following areas as possible:  social media  large website build  digital strategy  email marketing  mobile This is an excellent opportunity to join a successful company. If you feel that you have the necessary skills and experience for the role please email your cv to rogerjcomresources.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ClientServicesDirectorecommercesocialmobilePPCSEO****kondonBonusL_job****