Title: Systems Administrator (Microsoft)
Webindex: 69250321
Company: Experis IT
Description: Systems Administrator  Financial Services  London  **** Systems Administration, Unix Administrator, Windows, Microsoft, Active Directory, 3rd Line Support, SQL, Oracle, Database Administration, DBA, MCSE, ITIL My prestigious client is looking for an enthusiastic and proactive Windows Systems Administrator to join their busy IT infrastructure team. The ideal applicant will have at least 4 years experience in a similar role. The systems administrator will be responsible of the day to day administration tasks of our Microsoft Windows domain and other business critical systems. The ideal candidate will have strong mix of knowledge and experience in Microsoft Windows environments preferably in a secure and timecritical business environment and will also have broader knowledge and experience across a range of technologies. It is essential that the candidate is proactive, hard working and willing to go the extra mile. The role includes:  Administration of Microsoft 2003/**** Active Directory domain.  Proactive maintenance and monitoring all IT systems.  First point of contact for all 3rd line support calls  Providing IT infrastructure documentation and procedures as appropriate e.g. to the first line support team  Reducing the workload of day to day administration tasks from our project focussed IT infrastructure team  Limited infrastructure project and RFC work The Client has a complex challenging and demanding IT environment that includes a government secure network and hosts a range of investment banking type services (e.g. portfolio modelling tools, trading systems, market data systems). This is a good opportunity for someone who has shown good potential to further develop their skills and capabilities to a high level across a range of up to date technologies. The selected candidate will need to undergo security clearance to SC level to be confirmed in the role. Knowledge: Microsoft Windows 2003/**** environments accreditions are advantageous SQL /Oracle database administration Relevant Microsoft qualifications required, preferably MCSE Good practice IT service management (e.g. ITIL) Some Unix knowledge beneficial Experience: Good experience of most of the following items would be desirable: Microsoft systems administration SQL/Oracle Database administration McAfee EPO Administration WSUS Administration Web Proxy Administration Microsoft Exchange administration Orion Alert Management Login script administration Application packaging and administration of software updates and deployment Event long management and alerting response Backup monitoring Some Unix skills would be a bonus or desire to gain Unix admin skills Basic database administration tasks Microsoft Windows 7, Microsoft Office 2010 skills Virtual technologies (client server) preferably Vmware Financial Applications (Bloomberg, Reuters) beneficial but not necessary Systems Administration, Unix Administrator, Windows, Microsoft, Active Directory, 3rd Line Support, SQL, Oracle, Database Administration, DBA, MCSE, ITIL If you meet the above criteria and believe this is an opportunity that would be of interest, please do not hesistate to send your CV for immediate consideration.