Title: Technical Architect/Lead Developer  Nottingham, East Midlands
Webindex: 71594166
Company: Essential Recruitment
Description: Technical Architect/Lead Developer  Nottingham ****  full benefits Background Due to continued expansion, our client seek an outstanding Technical Architect/Lead Developer with a background in C and .Net. The role will be suited to a C & .NET Technical Architect with ****2 years of architecture experience or a C and .NET Lead Developer who is looking to move into a Technical Architect role. Experience in two or more of: SQL Server, IIS, Visual Studio, Version Control, SharePoint, Silverlight, Apache, Tomcat, PHP, Agile is also required. Role is based in Nottingham, East Midlands The Role This exciting, diverse and challenging role involves C and .NET development, design and architecture duties and will be suited to a C & .NET Technical Architect with 12 years of architecture experience or a C and .NET Lead Developer who is looking to move into a Technical Architect role. The C & .NET Technical Architect/Lead Developer will be responsible for the design and delivery of multitiered application services. Candidates must have a thorough understanding of current software development patterns and practices, have an understanding of Microsoft infrastructure and be experienced in designing user centred integrated software solutions. The C & .NET Technical Architect/Lead Developer will take lead role in product development teams and will be responsible for the design, architecture and development of leading edge software products. The C & .NET Technical Architect/Lead Developer will lead interpretation of product development requirements, report product architecture design decisions to internal teams, senior management and customers and gather requirements with customers. The C & .NET Technical Architect/Lead Developer will also contribute to development team strategy and leadership, manage the technical relationship with Microsoft and work with solutions architects to ensure software is robust and secure. In addition to C and .Net, experience in two or more of: SQL Server, IIS, Visual Studio, Version Control, SharePoint, Silverlight, Apache, Tomcat, PHP is required. Role is based in Nottingham, East Midlands and is commutable from Derby, Leicester, Sheffield, Staffordshire and Birmingham. The Company Our client are a leading IT Solutions Provider who have demonstrated consistent, continued growth and who are in a very healthy position in the market. They create and deliver high quality, innovative solutions that fit their customers needs and help them transform their business. They know that their people are their best asset and so they have created an environment focused on trust, flexibility and rewards. The company deliver some of the most high profile applications development projects and programmes in UK today. Experience Required  Extensive C and .NET experience  Minimum 5 years of development experience and preferably 1 year of design and architecture experience (although this is not essential)  Experience in two or more of: SQL Server, IIS, Visual Studio, Version Control, SharePoint, Silverlight, Apache, Tomcat, PHP, Agile Salary and Benefits  **** to **** basic salary  Contributory Pension  Life Assurance  Private Healthcare  Childcare vouchers  Laptop & Mobile Phone About Essential Recruitment Ltd Essential Recruitment are an IT Recruitment Consultancy who operate across UK and who were formed in order to raise standards in the recruitment industry and provide a better experience for clients and candidates alike. Our values and beliefs are centred around ethical recruitment, high quality service and specialist market knowledge. We have a strong track record in placing C and .NET Developers and Architects in East Midlands and across UK.