Title: Junior Application Support Engineer
Webindex: 71737564
Description: Junior Application Support Engineer  Oxfordshire  ****K  Benefits My Oxfordshire based client is looking at expanding their support function as they continue to grow their impressive client portfolio both here in the UK and abroad. We are looking for an energetic, ambitious and motivated Junior Application Support Engineer who will join the existing UK Solutions Engineering to work closely with the Senior Support Engineer in order to provide first level support to their European customer base. The primary responsibilities are to: Triage new support tickets generated by support emails, telephone calls or automated alerts, Resolve any issues with overnight data loading into client databases, liaise with clients and reporting internally where appropriate. Ensure client Support Level Agreements are maintained globally. This may involve remotely supporting systems based in the USA and Australia as well as Europe. Resolve any open support tickets in prioritised order. This will involve: oassisting endusers with the use of company products, ohelping endusers build new reports to answer specific questions, oidentifying where a client s system is not functioning correctly and either resolving the issue or recording it as a bug, oescalation of issues to the Senior Support Engineer, Solutions Engineers/Technical Account Managers, or the Product Engineering team as appropriate. Technical skills: Must have: Some knowledge of databases and SQL Experience with both Windows and Linux OS Knowledge of the following will be an advantage: Scripting, ideally Bash and JavaScript Some Web development (HTML, AJAX, ASP, JSP, PHP, XML, Apache, IIS etc.) Some experience of basic programming (Java, JavaScript, VB, C++, etc.) You will need to be conscientious with close attention to detail and have the ability to complete tasks combined with an appreciation of the need to keep detailed records. Dependable and reliable, particularly under pressure, with a solution focused attitude and an appreciation of the importance of following procedure and possess strong interpersonal skills, with good verbal communication ability, and a pleasant and professional manner when dealing with both clients and colleagues. This is a brilliant opportunity for a talented and motivated individual looking to move in to a career within technology and application support, where investment in training and development in a supportive and friendly environment is a real focus. If you feel you have the necessary skills and aptitude and would like to know more please forward your CV and we ll be back in touch