Title: Applications Manager  ERP  HR  London
Webindex: 68495553
Company: Alexander Ash Consulting Ltd
Description: Applications Manager  ERP  HR systems  London Alexander Ash is looking to recruit a HR applications manager for a global client based in London. The Applications Manager (Human Resources) is responsible for the daytoday support, management and longerterm service improvement of the existing enterprise applications used to support the HR functions within the organisation, globally. The prime system in use is PeopleSoft HRMS. As the Applications manager you will ensure that you have deep understanding of each application, its architecture and configuration is maintained across the business. Also ensuring that the HR suite of applications operates within meaningful and relevant performance parameters creating and defining them where they are absent. You will be working with the IT Infrastructure and Architecture teams, as well as external suppliers, to improve the overall service quality and reduce the overall operational cost. The Applications Manager will be responsible for ensuring provision of skilled support expertise to the relevant internal IT resolving teams and providing updates as required to the IT Client Services and Incident management channel. You will also to providing the expert interface to the business, planning and implementation escalations relating to agreed major changes, including projects. Skills required: >Experience of supporting the HR function of a global business and experience of PeopleSoft HRMS or other large HR Systems which ideally includes CRM and eperformance modules. >Oversee product updates, and therefore should have a level of project management experience. >IT experience, including leadership responsibilities of small teams, ideally in a global or regional enterprise with a partnership structure. >Previous experience leading regional or global teams within a Matrix structure with understanding of infrastructure and application development. >Proven track record of delivering or supporting technology solutions utilising offshore resources. If you feel that you are more suitable for the position, please email CV's.