Title: Scrum/Agile Embedded Software Engineers
Webindex: 69591613
Company: Enterprise Recruitment
Description: This team has two vacancies to work as part of a scrum in an agile environment, one of which will take on Scrum Master responsibility in the short to medium term. Embedded software Engineers will work on interesting and challenging embedded firmware problems on a brand new product line. We are looking for embedded software engineers with solid experience in solving embedded software problems with CVs that show proven responsibilities and achievements throughout. C programming is an absolute must, assembler and scripting languages (Python ideal) will be useful. You will be happy working closely with resource constraint hardware and debugging low level problems using whatever means are available. Previous agile experience is not a prerequisite. It is genuinely an extraordinary organisation with low staff turnover  their office is a modern purpose built building with easy access to central Cambridge, the M11 and North of Cambridge, they have an onsite canteen, sporting activities and an extensive list of financial and life benefits (see below). Position: Senior Embedded Software Engineer Location: Cambridge Salary: ****k Benefits: Relocation assistance to ****k, Bonus (often 10%, sometimes more), Flexible working hours, Save as you earn scheme (stock options), 25 days holiday, 4% non contributory pension  if employee contributes 4% they will match it, Private Health Insurance, Travel Insurance, Permanent health Care, Life assurance, Free lunches, Free use of the onsite company Gym. APPLY: jamie AT enterpriserecruitment DOT com  If you don`t fit this requirement exactly but are interested in this type of work  please email a CV as we have other embedded software engineer positions. I specialise in recruiting software engineers for electronics and technology companies across the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ScrumAgileEmbeddedSoftwareEngineers_job****