Title: Head of Online Platforms  Publishing / ELearning
Webindex: 69987760
Company: Hammond Recruitment
Description: Head of Online Platforms Location: Oxford Salary ****k  car  benefits, based in Oxford. My client is a leader in online publishing and elearning solutions operating in Worldwide. Their Technology and Implementation group has recently been set up to implement and support the new business processes and technology that are crucial to achieving their digital publishing strategy, as well as other divisional objectives. As a key member of the management team, you will be responsible for the successful operations and ongoing enhancement of the business unit's increasingly important suite of online platforms. You will ensure that service levels meet customer and divisional needs, and that the platforms evolve to support their digital publishing strategy. You will achieve this through the management of people and suppliers, and the implementation of best practice standards and processes. Responsibilities include:  Defining and establishing an effective framework for the technical support and enhancement of online platforms and their supporting systems.  Delivering the successful operation of online platforms.  Ensuring platform capabilities are used to best effect in support of the business unit's publishing strategy.  Planning, managing, and agreeing the rationalisation and enhancement of their online platforms.  Managing the development and communication of feature roadmaps for their online platforms.  Developing and maintaining excellent relations with Group IT and third party suppliers.  Managing, motivating and developing staff. ESSENTIAL SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE You will have the following knowledge, skills and experience:  Excellent track record of managing the operations and enhancement of customerfacing online platforms such that they meet business and customer requirements within budget and resource constraints.  Experienced professional in the elearning or publishing sectors with strong programme management experience  Strong understanding of the leading approaches to service delivery of online platforms and systems, with the ability to draw on these to develop a tailored, appropriate framework.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to present complex information in a succinct and easilydigestible manner.  The ability to work proactively and collaboratively with others to build strong relationships, and to listen and understand customer needs.  Demonstrable experience of leading, managing, motivating and developing a team.  Sound business sense and a marketdriven approach, with the flexibility to modify approaches to achieve goals as information changes and events unfold.  A rational thinker, able to evaluate complex options, and make wellinformed, effective and timely decisions, fullyaware of the impact and implications.  Educated to degree level or equivalent.  Substantial technical hardware and largescale systems understanding, with emphasis on educational and online publishing systems.  Relevant industry qualifications. If you believe you have the right experience and qualifications please forward your CV clearly indicating why your background fits the criteria. Hammond Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofOnlinePlatformsPublishingELearning_job****