Title: CNET Lead Developer  London
Webindex: 71305525
Company: Circle Recruitment
Description: C.NET Lead Developer Central London Keywords  C.NET, Agile, web, ecommerce, UML, OO, enterprise architecture A fantastic opportunity for a Senior C Developer / C Technical Lead / Lead C Developer/C Team Leader to join a major brand in London As a Technical Lead on C Developer projects, you shall be working in the following environment: C Agile, Scrum OO programming UML Mentoring developers Leading Projects ecommerce project development C software / web architecture**** This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Lead C Developer or a C Team Leader to work from their London offices. We are looking for a highly skilled and technical individual, with a sold background in delivering web based development projects and cutting edge web applications and capable of leading a team of .NET Developers. This C Development opportunity is going to provide the successful candidate with the opportunity to grow and recruit your own team. We are looking for a C.NET Lead / Senior Developer, capable of remaining hands on, whilst also leading a small team. You will need to have a solid background in C web based development, ideally following OO principles and Agile methodologies. Ideally you will have a track records in developing ecommerce based sites and applications and have a deep understanding of common frameworks, API's and industry trends. You shall be working on high volume transactional sites using C.NET within an Agile environment. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a leading employer offering an excellent starting salary and benefits package. To apply, please send your CV to jon.brasscirclerecruitment.com or press the apply now button. If you are interested in this opportunity but have salary expectations outside the advertised bracket, please send your CV in as our clients can be flexible on salary for the right people. For similar C Developer or C Team Leader positions please visit our website Circle Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/C%****NETLeadDeveloperLondon_job****