Title: PHP Developer  West Midlands
Webindex: 66925947
Company: CV Bay Ltd
Description: PHP Web Developer South Birmingham  **** An opportunity has arisen for a PHP/MySQL developer to join this companies established Development Team. The successful applicant will have an enthusiastic attitude for their work with a minimum of **** years commercial experience in a development environment of creating secure, highperformance web applications. After many years of sustained growth, both organically and through acquisitions, this company is entering a new phase of expansion following its recent acquisition by a huge Media Organisation. The company is now keen to improve existing systems and extend its product range, providing the opportunity for many exciting development projects. The role requires a good general understanding of internet technologies and their underlying protocols, such as HTTP, SMTP and DNS. PHP and MySQL applications form the core of all of their systems and are used to manage the email, web hosting and broadband infrastructures. Working with sensitive and business critical data requires a thorough understanding of security and data integrity issues on the Internet. Experience with HTML, CSS, Javascript and working to applicable W3C standards is also required. Experience of working in an Agile software development environment, together with jQuery and knowledge of XML, Web Services, MVC and Zend Framework would be desirable. Essential Requirements PHP (3 years experience) MySQL (3 years experience) Good understanding of the principles of Object Orientated Programming Good understanding of security issues on the Internet Good understanding of Internet protocols HTML CSS Javascript Desirable Experience Agile Software Development Ajax Apache and Zeus web servers DOM Scripting jQuery MVC Applications Subversion RedHat Linux Web Services (Soap or RESTful) XML Zend Framework Key Competencies Enthusiasm and desire to learn Excellent problem solving skills Ability to communicate advanced concepts well Attention to detail Good team player Ability to work in a fast moving environment and to tight deadlines If you have the desired experience and would like to apply, please send a copy of your CV via the link, or call Jon on (Apply online only). CV Bay is acting as a recruitment agency for this position