Title: Head of Fraud and Transactions  North West  ****
Webindex: 68350766
Description: Head of Fraud and Transactions North West  ****  Leading Financial Services organisation Excellent opportunity for an experienced Senior Manager with proven experience of managing Fraud and Risk environments, and more specifically, transaction monitoring. This role offers you the opportunity to be part of a brand new venture and really make a difference in this growing organisation. This is the opportunity that will really accelerate your career; a forwardthinking and progressive organisation with a forwardthinking culture, this organisation are looking to expand their Fraud, Risk and Finance departments and are looking for ambitious, driven, likeminded professionals to really drive the business forward. As the Head of Fraud and Transactions, the successful candidate will be responsible for leading the operation and service delivery of this organisation sTransaction Monitoring team through the effective deployment of systems. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing improvements initiatives to transaction monitoring strategies, and will work closely with senior stakeholders to develop effective improvements to the transaction monitoring system and overall strategies throughout the business. Role: Develop improvements initiatives to transaction monitoring strategies to maximise the performance of the Transaction Monitoring system, monitor effectiveness of rules and models and implement changes were necessary to combat changing trends and threats. Control and manage the ongoing exposure to Fraud, low level Credit and Money Laundering risks ensuring the timely completion of reviews, signoffs, follow ups and adverse actions to identify and mitigate risk. Minimise losses by executing appropriate strategies to secure and or exit merchant relationships. process and procedures to enhance current operations.  Manage and facilitate the execution of those strategies. Ensure business processes and practices across the organisation are aligned to best practice methodologies Manage and develop Card Scheme relationships. Identify and address fraud and risk issues. Engage with Card Scheme, Law enforcement and Industry investigators to identify and reduce incidents of fraud and/or compromise, ensure effective preventative measures are in place. Manage a team of Risk professionals. Manage third party contracts and relationships, monitor, measure and ensure effectiveness of products and services. Provide individual and team coaching and development, as necessary, and ensure crosstraining of relevant skills. Control and manage the ongoing credit exposure, of qualifying merchants, within each portfolio. Experience and Skills: Experience within Fraud and Risk environments Proven experience of managing Fraud and/or Risk initiatives Experience in a high volume risk operations environment. Experience of working closely with key decision makers and stakeholders; good influential skills Excellent business acumen Excellent management skills; experience of managing large teams preferable Excellent process management and process improvement experience. Quantitative and qualitative analytical skills Ability to engage with stakeholders and 3rd parties  excellent communication skills Experience in using systems technology to enhance risk mitigation and decisionmaking. This truly is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Senior Fraud or Risk professional who is looking for the ultimate role in their career This role offers you the opportunity to lead brand new projects and initiatives in this forwardthinking, progressive organisation. This is the opportunity that will really accelerate your career and make you stand out from the crowd. Excellent salary and benefits package, and an unrivalled opportunity unrivalled in the market, this really is a role not to miss out on For further information please send an updated CV ASAP; interviews are taking place shortly