Title: SG**** Intelligence Collection Engineering
Webindex: 68179528
Description: OUR MOST WANTED: INTELLIGENCE COLLECTION ENGINEERING Serious criminals are seriously innovative. We never underestimate them. They re on our most wanted list and now, so are you  but for an altogether more positive reason. Join SOCA within Intelligence Collection Engineering and you ll help to stamp out everything from Class A drugs and major gun crime and from people smuggling and human trafficking to fraud, computer crime and money laundering. Want to apply your technical skills to counter criminals and deliver firstclass intelligence? As part of a technical team, you ll work closely with internal customers to ensure their systems and processes are operating at their best. You ll develop your knowledge of many new and emerging technologies as you assist in delivering an advanced analytical capability, working towards integrating systems to improve user performance. First and foremost we need your technical expertise. We re looking for an understanding of the following: service management frameworks ( ITIL / ISO 2000 ), specifically change management and service desk; Prince 2; a variety of IT systems and operating systems including MS Server **** R2 / UBUNTU LINUX / Windows 7 / Windows XP and software packages such as MS Office. You ll also need practical incident and problem management skills and be well versed on new and emerging technologies. As a matter of course, all candidates need to meet our basic criteria of at least **** GCSEs (including maths and English grade C or above) and 2 A levels or equivalent. SOCA tackles serious organised crime that affects the UK and our citizens. We use traditional law enforcement methods as well as drawing on innovative approaches to prevent crimes from happening. We re also as serious about our people as we are about stamping out crime. This means you ll enjoy a range of benefits that include Civil Service Pension Scheme, 26 days holiday (to start), training and development opportunities, maternity and paternity leave, childcare voucher scheme and interest free season ticket loan. If you think you re one our most wanted, want to find out more and are keen to learn about our exciting transition to the National Crime Agency in 2013 Closing date: 3rd February 2013