Title: Net C Development Team Leader  Leicestershire
Webindex: 71306327
Company: MAPP Ltd   IT & Business Management Recruitment Specialists
Description: .Net C Development Team Leader  Leicestershire An exciting new position has arisen for our client within their eCommerce systems department for a C Development Team Leader who will act as first line management to a team of web developers to ensure assigned projects are delivered to time, cost and quality. The successful candidate will have good leadership skills and a proven track record of delivery in a dynamic and reactive development environment. The role demands excellent understanding of the .Net framework, ntier development and C programming. Responsibilities: Work with development teams/business teams to deliver solutions that meet functional/business requirements. Work directly with the application development teams in the design and development of web applications. Provide system support in response to business needs within published service levels. Take part in evaluations and reviews of programming methods, tools and standards. Monitor and manage performance of the application support activity. Contribute to the development of the companys applications strategy. In consultation with more senior management design and agree appropriate enterprise architecture solutions along with standards, methods and tools whilst ensuring they are applied effectively. Provide out of hours support, as agreed within the functional area (eg system upgrades; or in support of programme milestones). Provide first line team support and supervision including regular one2one review and team meetings Essential: Previous experience as a Team Leader, Senior Programmer or Business Analyst in a web development environment. Excellent understanding of regression testing methodologies, usability, coding, accessibility and web standards. Proven ability to interpret technical documentation, architectures and functional specifications. Excellent knowledge of the Microsoft development platform including Visual Studio, Team Suite and NUnit testing. Experience of leading/coaching a team (or attended relevant courses) Desirable Holds a recognised Project Management accreditation. eCommerce, eBusiness or experience. Good knowledge of web security, PCI and OWASP. .Net C Development Team Leader  Leicestershire This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NetC%****DevelopmentTeamLeaderLeicestershire_job****