Title: Mobile Developer  PhoneGap, iOS,  Games Developer  London
Webindex: 69250599
Company: London Office
Description: Mobile Developer  PhoneGap, iOS,  Games Developer  London. Top London based mobile games development organisation that can boast accolades in winning titles at the Cannes Lions Awards the BAFTA Video Game Awards This is a seriously exciting organisation in the mobile games world. Sound interesting?? Read on Our prestigious client is seeking an experienced PhoneGap developer to develop an innovative new social game. The ideal candidate will be highly proficient in mobile game development. The ideal candidate will have: Successfully created iPhone/iPad apps and have crossplatform experience with other mobile platforms. Strong experience working with PhoneGap, using both JavaScript and ObjectiveC. A passion for gaming and motivated by a strong desire to make great games. Be prepared to learn rapidly as part of a team that is focused on excellence in games development  developing a positive attitude to learning and personal improvement is key here. A love for development and will be prepared to take ownership of major pieces of functionality to help drive the project forwards. You have an excellent eye for details and a meticulous approach to development. You are opportunistic at improving, testing and refactoring software, and enjoy simplifying complex architectures using objectorientated design and standards. Nice to have will be: A degree in Computer Science or comparable experience. Experience working with game engines (e.g. Unity, Cocos****d, Corona, Sparrow, etc.) Good intuition on product design. Experience working with Git or another DVCS. This is such a good opportunity to join a great company here You will be taking responsibility for the quality and time lines of your own work. Proactive candidates rewarded here This is a growing business and a great time to join The studio has a lively and upbeat environment; this is a great time to join Call for more details