Title: Multilingual  B2B Account Manager (Cisco) OTE **** 1st year
Webindex: 68695505
Company: Elite Healthcare Recruitment
Description: There are various positions available in the following languages: German, Spanish, Croatian, Dutch Job Description Responsible for delivering and exceeding against a goal through a defined list of Channel Partners and providing customer satisfaction and market coverage. Identify new business opportunities from company intelligence and position through Partner. Act as primary point of contact for the Partner to provide best practice guidance and education. Drive the sales process from demand opportunity through to opportunity closure. Engage with internal and external resources in collaboration with the Partner to leverage resources. Analyse and monitor Partner data to identify focus areas and act as point of knowledge and advice. Responsible for delivering against KPI’s as set by the Direct Line Manager. Production of weekly, monthly and quarterly forecasts for the client and the Direct Line Manager and ensuring their accuracy. Maintain high level of client product knowledge and procedures via management communication, meetings and formal training. Utilize tools, systems and processes effectively and correctly in order to meet client and customer’s objectives. One to two years sales related experience. Sales acumen, able to generate revenue and provide customer satisfaction. Good communication skills with the ability to convey information using oral and written methods. Interpersonal skills, with the ability to develop effective relationships at a variety of levels both within the team, with customers and the client. Flexible and resourceful to establish goals using appropriate resources. To work proactively and professionally. Proficient in use of Microsoft office suite and web. Fluency in English and the german Willingness to work a shift rota if required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MultilingualB2BAccountManagerCiscoOTE265001styear_job****