Title: Testing Coordinator
Webindex: 69042381
Company: C4 Commerce
Description: Leading software Integration Company is proactively looking for a testing coordinator to take responsibility for all testing activity to ensure the quality of all software delivered by the organization. As an experienced senior or lead tester you will have managerial aspirations with the expertise required to co ordinate and improve my clients software testing function. Your experience will include:  Functional testing (unit, integration, regression, performance)  Usability and User acceptance testing  Security testing (penetration, compliance) A large part of this role will involve typical software testing activities such as test planning, execution and documentation. The other part will concern organizing, designing, planning and coordinating improved testing procedures. This is a progressive opportunity therefore as you become accustomed to the delivery model and testing processes, more and more of your time will be devoted to coordinating (and less to testing). It is expected that by the end of year one your time will be split 80% coordinating 20% testing. The role involves working with the existing off shore test team. Building a strong working relationship with this team and finding ways to deploy them more effectively across all projects that require offshore testing. The successful candidate will also work with other business functions to better understand how they interrelate and to identify and drive changes that will improve project delivery. This opportunity is suite to someone who has approximately:  3 years plus experience in software testing  Experience working in agile environments  Exposure to testing automation  Testing methodology accreditation or certification  1 years testing automation preparation or execution  Strong English written and verbal  Attention to detail This is a fantastic opportunity for any aspirationtesting manager for immediate interview please apply now. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TestingCoordinator_job****