Title: Information Security Engineer/IT Security Analyst
Webindex: 68495299
Company: Robert Half
Description: The Company Robert Half Technology is seeking a highcalibre Information Security Engineer for a leading international business services group in Birmingham. Situated in the UK headquarters, the newly created post is both handson and a key advisory position working across a truly global group in the UK, EMEA, Asia Pacific, North America, LATAM to resolve deploy a consistent set of enterprisewide security services. The role has the scope to rapidly grow into an Information Security Manager position with expanded scope across EMEA and further people responsibility. The Role Acting as part of a global team responsible for deploying a consistent set of security services enterprisewide, the Information Security Engineer:  Monitors and manages the development and delivery of IT security standards, best practices, architecture and systems to ensure information system security across the enterprise.  Implements processes and methods for auditing and addressing noncompliance to information security standards; facilitates migration of noncompliant environments to compliant environments.  Conducts studies within and outside the organization to ensure compliance with standards and currency with industry security norms.  Manages security administration taking immediate and appropriate counter measures upon knowledge or discovery of threats.  Participates in the planning and implementation of security administration for all IT projects.  Participates in evaluation and selection of security applications and systems.  Makes recommendations and assists in the implementation of changes to work methods and procedures to make them more effective or to strengthen security measures.  Coordinates with various IT, Legal, and Business teams addressing risk and defining security requirements based on corporate policy, industry best practice and regulatory compliance.  Delivers eDiscovery and Incident Response projects in the EMEA region.  Manages Data Leakage Prevention, Web Filtering, Threat and Vulnerability Management, and other security tools. Creates processes, procedures and documentation to facilitate this activity.  Manages the Application Security Program. Performs research, application scanning, defines requirements, and best practices for the SDLC.  Creates, documents, and establishes all Security Operations functions in order to optimise time, accuracy, and efficiency. Creates and analyses metrics for all Security Operation functions.  Will be accountable for delivering IT security related projects for the Infrastructure team and delivering project requirements to other departments as required  In future: build a team and provide direct supervision. Key requirements:  Educational level: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems (or other related field) or equivalent work experience.  Special training or courses: SANS, ISC2  Minimum technical skills required: Strong knowledge of Windows, Linux, SQL, Networking, TCP/IP, IDS, Firewall, DLP, Web Proxy, eDiscovery, Cryptography, and Application Security  Professional certification/licenses: CISSP and/or CISA, CISM  Deep experience with information security management at a handson level allied with previous experience within IT with a broad range of exposure to all aspects of business planning, systems analysis and application development.  The ability willingness to travel internationally as required (quarterly) and work at various locations.  Willingness to work outside normal working hours may be required to meet project deadlines  Regularly interacts with management or executive levels on matters concerning several functional areas, divisions, and/or customers. Requires the ability to change the thinking of, or gain acceptance from, others in sensitive situations, without damage to the relationship. Salary Benefits ********  Bonus Benefits Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply.