Title: 2nd Line NOC Engineer  Cisco/Juniper
Webindex: 67888239
Description: NOC Engineer  2nd line  Hampshire Cisco, CCNP, Routing/Switching, NOC Engineer; My client, one of Europe s top network providers are urgently looking for a 2nd Line Cisco NOC Engineer (who can gain security clearance) to work from their head office in Hampshire. The company have a massive core network and bandwidth and have end to end ownership of the technology you will be supporting. They are expanding massively and need multiple Network Engineers. You must have at least a CCNA qualification, with a CCNP being highly advantageous, and ideally have worked in a NOC Environment before. You MUST be able to gain Security clearance, therefore you must either be a British Citizen, or have been in the country for 5 years. You should have strong abilities in Cisco, IP/MPLS, Data Networking with experience of Cisco protocols such HSRP/GLBP, with any experience of supporting Juniper or a JNCIA qualification being beneficial. The role is Shift based. To apply for the role, please send a copy of your CV , or call me on **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. 