Title: 1st / 2nd Line Application Support
Webindex: 69687428
Company: Makoto London Ltd
Description: Role  1st / 2nd Line Application Support Salary  ****k plus Benefits Location  Reading Experience: Past Customer Support and Technical Support experience preferred. Working Knowledge of Networking, XML, FTP/SFTP, and databases. Advanced Customer Service Training. Experience in handling escalated customer support calls, recognized as being Customer Service / Team Player oriented. Proven Customer Service skills with excellent written and verbal communication skills. Job Description: The Application support is the primary point of contact for client base, responsible for resolving all customer inquiries ****X**** This includes providing extensive technical assistance, working with internal departments in issue diagnosing, research and resolution of technology related problems. You will work with the client to indentify and understand their unique environment in which our product and services are implemented. In addition, this role will partner with account managers and national account managers to ensure a holistic approach to ensure software, products and services, and processes support client s business needs. You will be expected to proactively monitor client s transactions and processes, perform analysis and provide recommendations to necessary parties (i.e. Technology, Customer, Business Leaders) to ensure customer satisfaction with our products and services while aligning with our strategies and value propositions. Additional responsibilities include providing technical and product knowledge expertise to clients, Account Managers, Customer Managers, TSAs, product management, etc. You will be required to have the ability to clearly and tactfully articulate problems, resolutions, and provide recommendations in an understandable manner to both technical and nontechnical audiences via conference calls, WebEx, and in person. Provide advanced level technical support for escalated customer issues regarding proprietary applications, products, and services. Work with customers sales representatives, account and national account managers to ensure technical aspects of client s environment are understood and consideration taken so clients can adequately perform all necessary functions as they relate to LexisNexis products and services. Travel to client s job site to provide onsite process analysis, consultation, training and assistance to customers. Create, manage, update existing Knowledge Base (Wiki, Right Now, SharePoint, etc.) Provide advanced level technical support for escalated customer issues. Provide training, assistance and information as needed to ensure clients have adequate knowledge to effectively use LexisNexis products Participate in preparation for product launches including pre and post production release testing. Become the SME regarding all platforms and changes through engagement with management and product owners. Outstanding presentation and training skills. Be available to assist clients twentyfour hours a day, seven days a week, when notified via oncall pager. Be available for flexible national and international travel to customer sites. Education: High School diploma/technical classes and previous work experience within the Customer Service and Technical Support industry.