Title: Technical Account Manager  IT Services and Solutions
Webindex: 66926008
Company: SCC
Description: Specialist Computer Centres  SCC is the UK s leading technology solutions provider specialising in IT infrastructure. We have an enviable track record in helping European based companies and government organisations assess, plan, source, integrate and manage their IT infrastructure to deliver technology optimisation and more, for less. We now have an exciting career opportunity for a talented Technical Account Manager to join us at our offices in Bristol. This is a customer facing role assisting Account Managers developing technical orientated relationships with the aime of securing managed service business and transformation projects. The successful candidate will lead the PreSales Technical Solution Design Team to deliver all technical aspects of presales services provided to our customers . The majority of the role will be to proactively create and build high value based solutions that address the customers key IT and business issues and return tangible business benefits . The Technical Account Manager will also be responsible for ensuring that all design and delivery work is conducted in line with defined technical and business architecture and to ensure quality of designed and delivered solutions are in accordance with defined industry standards and that a long term technical strategy is developed with the client . Responsibilities :  To handle all technical aspects of services provided to the client and relating these to the client s business level requirements .  To understand the customer s business and their challenges ; ensuring the technical team deliver against the client s requirements and develop the client s technical road map .  To create presentations that summarise the simple technical and business benefits of the solutions .  Progress new sales opportunities .  To implement effective people management of the pre sales and transitional technical team ensuring that the project is adequately resourced and that the available resource is well managed and utilised .  Selling the technical solution at all levels into the customer base.  To be an ambassador for SCC and to develop trusted relationships at the highest levels , demonstrating quality of service and industry awareness.  To qualify all requests for new or modified technical requirements ensuring that all sdesign resource is economically utilised . Skills , experience and qualifications :  Extensive knowledge of all Datacentre Virtualisation Technologies , Desktop Vdi computing , managed services.  Extensive experience in both systems integration and implementation .  Proven record of ability to negotiate at senior level .  Strong people management experience and track record of leading successful technical solution teams . This is a senior level customer facing role that would suit someone coming from an existing or previous technical architecture role ; it is a hybrid role combining customer relationship with service development and an overall focus on quality of technical design and delivery that will produce additional product and service growth for SCC. We offer a base salary of up to ****k plus an attractive bonus package of ****k plus , company car or car allowance plus health and pension plan . Interested ? Then click the response button now