Title: ELearning Designer / Developer  Lectora / Articulate / Moodle
Webindex: 67210499
Description: ELearning Designer / Developer  Lectora / Articulate / Moodle  Work closely with the Elearning Manager during the creation of the elearning suite within an international business. This is an excellent opportunity to take your learning and development skills to the next level generating pioneering elearning courses and advanced level technology resources. Skills You should have solid knowledge of elearning material with experience designing or developing elearning content using development software such as Flash, Lectora, Articulate, Captivate or eFront. You should be able to demonstrate how you have used these programmes and how you have made a difference and you will also have knowledge / experience of the Adobe suite  Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver etc. This role is suitable for an individual with training / assessing background who has been using virtual leaning environments ( VLE ) such as Moodle, Sloodle, Totara. You should have a good level of IT skills including Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook and a solid understanding of the elearning sector. Ideally you will have a Certificate in elearning development or training practise or teaching qualifications and ideally a degree or equivalent. Responsibilities You will be involved in the development of learning and development sources ( VLE ) to deliver training to staff throughout the business. The company is based across many sites and has international presence and you will be required to visit other centres on occasion. You will be a proactive factor in working with colleagues to ascertain what is required and develop robust measures. These resources may include digital narratives, screencapture tutorials, interactive quizzes and will be used in a classroom based and hybrid based courses. Benefits As well as a good base salary there will be a company car provided and a good benefits package. There is an extremely friendly working environment and opportunities to gain new skills within elearning. To apply please send your CV today or call me on (Apply online only) for more information. Senitor have just won Best National Online Recruitment Agency as voted by our candidates and presented at the NORA awards Trust us with your most important job search we produce results See more opportunities at: (url removed) Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy