Title: Solutions Design Lead
Webindex: 72373326
Company: Vertical IT Limited
Description: Role: Solutions Design Lead Salary: ****  Pension  Healthcare  Gym Reference: Location: Warrington Contact: Craig Warren  Vertical IT Do you have a background in Systems Design? Are you experienced in both Web and Business Application Solutions Design? If so read on as this could be the perfect opportunity for you Key Skills: Systems Designer, Systems Analyst, UML, Systems Design, Solutions Design Lead, Solutions Design, Java, DB**** Oracle, Flex, RPG Background A market leading technology organisation is looking to recruit a Solutions Design Lead to work within an established design team. This organisation truly is a market leader with over 12 million customers worldwide and over 250 million transactions billed through their software each month. The Role You'll be responsible for owning the creation, publication and ongoing maintenance of Component Architecture Documents (CADs) and similar high level design documents that are associated with that SDL's DDAs (Designated Design Areas). You'll produce prototype code and/or design patterns to assist with the Software Delivery phase, if required. You'll be responsible for ensuring product changes are selfconsistent and to manage in efficiencies of coordinated solution design rather than a changebychange design approach. You'll also ensure that all designs produced cover nonfunctional as well as functional requirements (eg designing for performance, for maintainability, for manageability, for operability, for security). You'll work closely with Technical Team Leader's to ensure that an intended design is being adhered to during the course of software development, using techniques such as detailed design reviews and walkthroughs, code reviews, product inspection reviews and any other steps deemed necessary. You It is essential that you are an experienced technical designer (background in software development) with indepth knowledge of the software development life cycle (SDLC) and have full appreciation and technical knowledge of the design process. You must have the ability and experience of creating and maintaining all relevant documentation. You must also be able to demonstrate experience on both Web and Business application design. It is also essential that you can work with developers and produce specifications that are at an appropriate level of detail to be coded from without any ambiguity. Any experience of the following would be highly advantageous: Java, Flex, RPG, DB**** Oracle, Perforce, CVS, Jira/Confluence, knowledge of Telecommunications industry and/or previous experience of working on Billing Systems or Business/Process Analytic Systems. This opportunity will give the candidate the opportunity to design complex business systems for a market leading technology organisation. If you are interested in applying for this position please email a copy of your CV or call.