Title: Software Engineer  Java / C++ / UML
Webindex: 69526489
Description: Software Engineer  Java / C / UML We currently have a requirement for a Software Engineer to work on an exciting 12 month contract with one of our leading clients. The role is based in the area of Wiltshire and our client is wiling to pay excellent rates of up to **** per day. Applicants are required to hold a current SC Clearance Main Duties/ Responsibilities  Software Leadership of projects and programmes.  Software Development on projects including requirements specification, design, implementation, and testing in accordance with the necessary Technology Readiness Level required.  Ensure projects adhere to the relevant software processes followed by the group.  Provide advice as to the most appropriate software solutions to solve project software / system problems;  Proactively share knowledge of software development and project activities with other members of the team through formal methods.  Provide briefings to customers, both with the client, and the wider community.  Translate Customer Requirements into programmes and develop potential new opportunities for the capability.  Ensure clarity of goals, directions and standards for staff as well as acting as mentor and reviewing the work of others.  Network across capability boundaries and with external organisations. Skills/ Experience Required Essential:  Understanding of software / system engineering and engineering principles.  Experience in software development and / or test engineering.  Experience of analysing software development artefacts (e.g. software requirements, design etc) and identifying potential problems and solutions.  An understanding/experience of modelling and simulation.  A keen interest in Software / Systems and a willingness to learn are vital for this role.  A proven record as a team player and good communications skills (even working to tight deadlines and under pressure).  Experience of networking and building external relationships in order to achieve results for the organisation.  Common sense and attention to detail.  Knowledge of Software Engineering and Development practices and technologies are required, including C, C , Java and UML.  Competent in the use of MS Office, Netbeans and MS Visual Studio ****  Competent in following software engineering processes and practices.  A willingness to learn, develop and exploit innovative software methods, tools and techniques.  The ability to think logically, to decompose a problem into its component parts whilst maintaining a holistic perspective.  The ability to describe challenging software and systems related concepts to those who do not understand or appreciate their value and impact.  The ability to communicate difficult concepts and results effectively to a wide audience (ideally both military and civilian).  The ability to produce high quality formal written deliverables and presentations as they form a key aspect of the Group s outputs. Desirable:  Experience in the CBR domain.  Experience of Synthetic Environments.  Experience of MOD Information Systems and Host Infrastructure  Experience of implementing complex mathematical formulae within software  Experience of Distributed / MultiCore / parallel programming techniques RECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we d like to recognise your recommendations with a thank you of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you ****