Title: Data and Analysis Officer  Support and Control team
Webindex: 66314956
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Data and Analysis Officer  Support and Control team Reference no: Barnet **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: N**** **** What s involved with this role: The job exists within the Support and Control team. The primary objective is to provide support functions to the operational teams who in general own the relationship with the customer. The task requires: Data gathering and analysis Performance and other reporting, both internally and to customers Monitoring and reporting on improvement projects, tasks and actions Provide business system support, including change management Undertake activities to support excellence and innovation, including benchmarking, best practice assessments, field audits etc Develop and maintain quality standards and technical documentation (including processes) Provide administrative support, including reporting, defining templates and standards and process admin, and maintaining knowledge repositories The Business Data Analyst has five main responsibilities: Collation of performance data Collation of ticket and other volumetric data from relevant systems Analysis of data to identify trends, hotspots and root causes of adverse variations Provide databased insights Design and production of reports, to meet both internal and external requirements This role is primarily one of data analysis and reporting being highly capable in this field and providing a service to others, both in the team and outside of it. Major Responsibilities: Working to identify and secure data relating to operational parameters (e.g. ticket volumes and types) and performance Analysis of data to identify trends, root causes and to support innovation and continuous improvement Produce SLA and performance reports for internal needs. Suggesting improvements to data collection and analysis practices in SIS and 3rd party organisations Acting as the central expert of data analysis (including data mining) and report production N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Generic skills: Creativity Change orientation Ability to analyse Results orientation Organising and quality orientation Specific Expertise and Experience: Crystal reports DataPA Experts in MS Office Data Analysis Data mining At least 2 years experience of report preparation Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Chief Executives Services/ Support and Control/IT/Data Analysis Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 23 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited