Title: Cloud / Virtualiastion  Business Development Manager
Webindex: 72127908
Company: Woodrow Mercer Recruitment
Description: Sales, Business Development, Account Director, Citrix, Appsense, Veeam, VMware, Cloud, Virtualisation, VAR, Value Added Reseller, IT Distributor, Xenapp, Xenserver, Xendesktop, vSphere, VDI Cloud / Virtualiastion  Business Development Manager Woodrow Mercer Associates seeks a Business Development Manager (Cloud / Virtualisation) to join this award winning and internationally based IT Consultancy. You will be overseeing a team of Sales Specialists whilst helping the team contribute to deliver the required result. The ideal candidate will have worked within a presales capacity and has moved into a Business Development role selling Cloud based enterprise software. You will have worked for a Vendor, Reseller or Systems Integrator in the past. The role will involve monitoring individual performances, targets and performing quarterly reviews. You will liaise with vendors, partners to the business and various internal/external stakeholders selling various virtualisation solutions. The role will include the following: Work with sales teams to maintain and develop current accounts to maximise profits and productivity Liaise with the marketing teams to help strategize literature for clients Help assist train teams and promote the product portfolio Work with vendors to leverage channel programs to maximise business presence Help enable business partners from the IQSys stable across all the platforms contracted. Assist product managers develop Virtualisation business plans Previous knowledge will include: – Ideally you will have product knowledge of Cloud based software such as Citrix and Vmware – Good Virtualisation Ecosystem Product Sales Knowledge – Understanding of professional services and knowledge of Vendor relationships This is an excellent opportunity which will offer the successful candidate exposure to a host of technologies within the Cloud and Virtualisation spectrum. Also you will work with a range of clients including a host of reputable partners and vendors. Continuous development and training plans will be in place as well. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CloudVirtualiastionBusinessDevelopmentManager_job****