Title: Assistant/Junior Project Manager
Webindex: 69022481
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: Assistant/Junior Project Manager Newcastle 6 months fixed term contract Salary up to **** pro rata Our client already has a multibillion pound turnover and marketleading divisions in professional services, construction, support services and infrastructure investments  and determined to become a truly worldclass business. They will achieve this not only via organic growth in our operating companies but by exploiting unique integrated capabilities to the full. That s where you come in. Their Customer Service Centre in Newcastle pools knowledge and expertise across the Group, whilst increasing standardisation, realising efficiency savings and generating substantial revenues through delivering shared services to internal and external customers. Their next objective is to create an IT Shared Services organisation to deliver commodity IT services to **** users across the UK Operating companies. Purpose To assist the Project Manager in the planning, directing, and coordinating of all activities to manage and implement the project(s) from proposal initiation to final operational stage within agreed cost, timescales and quality. The post holder will also directly manage smaller scale projects. Experience/skills required  Experience in project management  Experience in the delivery of Enterprise software  Proven experience in delivering projects operating in largescale complex organisations  Experience of working in fastpaced business delivery environment  Ability to assimilate information quickly and accurately, be well organised and cope well with managing a dynamic workload with changing priorities  Prince **** Foundation / Practitioner  Strong ability to communicate technical concepts and opportunities to a business audience  Excellent skills in effective stakeholder relationship management and strong influencing skills  Comfortable to challenge and be challenged and manage conflict  Strong project management skills  Outstanding organisation skills  Resilience Advantage xPO is in the top 1% of staffing companies in the world. With a truly global footprint. Advantage xPO specialises in recruitment outsourcing. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Advantage xPO: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work