Title: Project Manager, IT Project Manager
Webindex: 71856295
Company: Sanderson Recruitment
Description: Project Manager, IT Project Manager, IT Delivery Manager A successful company in South Wales are looking for a high calibre IT professional to lead the delivery of all IT related tasks across a Programme of multiple concurrent business projects. Ideally, you will have a technical background in software development and you will have experience of managing and leading software development teams using traditional and Agile approaches. In addition, you will be able to demonstrate strong IT project management skills, including accurate estimation of software development deliverables, planning out realistic delivery schedules, communication of delivery progress at project update and steering level meetings, production of weekly status reports and effective tracking and resolution of issues and risks arising during the course of delivery. A key requirement of the role is to ensure that projects are resourced with the right development team to secure successful delivery and the team are effective, supported and developed. You will have line management responsibilities for a team of people and run ****s and performance management for all of your direct reports. Any systems development you manage must be carried out in accordance with defined processes, with adherence to IT Architecture best practice. All technical documentation deliverables will need to be accurate, relevant and up to date. To succeed in the IT Delivery Manager role you will need excellent communication skills to work effectively with multidiscipline teams across all areas of the business. You will be experienced in delivering software development projects using the traditional software development lifecycle and Agile approaches. This is a fantastic opportunity for a Project Manager, IT Project Manager, IT Delivery Manager to join a very well established company. Project Manager, IT Project Manager, IT Delivery Manager