Title: System Tester  Capita One
Webindex: 72549928
Company: Capita Resourcing – Jobs at Capita
Description: Capita One supports over **** Local Authorities in England and Wales who require a single view of 'a child' to improve decision making, and enable early intervention and prevention. This challenge involves gathering or sharing intelligence and information across a multiagency environment (for example Schools, NHS, Social Care, Youth Services, Police, Cross Border, Charities) which can prove complex owing to the need for data sharing agreements, different systems, necessary security of data transfer, and the speed at which data can be shared to provide real time information to save costs and most importantly protect lives. Capita One enables a 'golden thread' approach of combined data to be accessible and served in real time, all of the time. Overview: The System Tester focuses on the execution of core activities with regards to the testing effort during the Software Development Life Cycle. This involves test scripting, test execution as well as recording actual outcomes and investigating and logging defects in the defect management tool. In addition to this a System Tester will be involved in the production of the Project Approach Documents and in Estimation Processes. The system tester will lead teams onshore and offshore. Responsibilities: Test Script creation and execution under the guidance of the Technical Team Lead, strictly adhering to the CCS working practices and standards, within an Agile environment Defect investigation and logging where expected outcomes are different from actual outcomes. Develop and maintain an indepth knowledge of the ONE and eSuite product area. Develop skills required for the production of estimates and risk analysis (where required). Attend/lead document walkthroughs and reviews of project documentation when required. Consistently communicate risks and issues to the TTL and Project Management Demonstrate a positive cando attitude and willing to challenge Continually seek ways to improve and enhance the software testing process Work closely with development, Business Analysis and support teams to complete tasks as a team Lead project test teams onshore and offshore Input into the existing Test Processes Identify continuous improvement Essential Skills: Diagnostic and problem solving skills Ability to work with XML Ability to query and manipulate databases to attain test results Sound understanding of Client Server Applications Understanding of Web based Applications Ability to work with Microsoft VSTS Ability to work with Jira/Wiki Ability in working to governmental statutory requirements and deadlines Knowledge or networking and system architecture Knowledge and experience of the complete software development lifecycle Understanding of Agile Desired Skills: Experience of codebased testing techniques, such as nUnit testing Knowledge of Crystal Reports Ability to work with SQL Server Reporting Services and run basic SQL queries Desirable Qualifications: ISEB/ISTQB Foundation Certificate in Software Testing A degree in an IT subject area/ or equivalent Relevant Microsoft qualifications Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SystemTesterCapitaOne_job****