Title: Technical Services Engineers  Multiple locations across the UK
Webindex: 69734156
Company: Valia Recruitment Solutions Limited
Description: Technical Services Engineers  Multiple locations across the UK ERP, Microsoft Dynamics, Oracle, Sage 200 / **** Solutions Development Salary  to ****  car allowance  25 days holiday  excellent benefits Locations  Manchester, Birmingham, Leeds, Derby, Nottingham, Bristol, London, Our client was established over 20 years ago and has become leading authors of electronic document management and imaging software. Its award winning paperless office technology seamlessly integrates into all major ERP and accounting systems, enabling thousands of organisations to save dramatic amounts of time and money. As part of a larger software group its vision is to continue to grow rapidly, and as such its employees are vital to my clients ambitious plans. Exciting opportunities have now opened up for a number of qualityfocussed TECHNICAL SERVICES SOFTWARE ENGINEERS to join my clients Professional Services Support team, working with client s right across the UK. These roles are field based and require the successful applicants to be ontheroad 5 days a week, working closely with clients of all sizes, integrating its software solutions with client s existing ERP systems. Your IT career may have started out initially as a Developer however we are looking for candidates who have moved into Solutions Development. Therefore an understanding of core programming techniques is a must, with experience using such things as VB, MS Access, Oracle and SQL Server. Knowledge of Webbased technologies such as Java: PHP and/or ColdFusion, Web Services, HTML, ASP and, NET essential. A working knowledge of scripting languages e.g. UNIX or JavaScript, batch file desirable. Any knowledge of ERP, and FMS systems e.g. Sage, Oracle, Microsoft would also be beneficial to your application, as would experience of Change Control processes. You will be a self starter, have excellent timemanagement skills, a good team worker with experience of customer management who enjoys working with different types of clients. You must be proactive in ensuring customer satisfaction is central to ALL decisions. Good spoken and written skills essential, with an attention to detail and strong problem solving skills. Excellent workload, time management and documentation skills a must. Applicants must have a full UK Drivers licence. In return, the successful applicant will receive a highly competitive salary  car allowance, 25 days holiday  stats, training and development, pension, life assurance etc, plus exceptional career progression opportunities within the group. For more information, please contact ROB OWEN at VALIA Recruitment Solutions.