Title: Centre Based Trainer in IT and AutoCAD
Webindex: 72446229
Company: The CAD Centre  Ltd
Description: CAD Centre (UK) Ltd Centre Based Trainer in IT and AutoCAD Job description Job Purpose The primary role of a centre based trainer / assessor is the delivery of high quality learning and the assessment of a candidate’s performance and related knowledge in a range of tasks, and to ensure the competence and knowledge meets the requirements of our awarding bodies. You will need to be experienced in delivering Technical IT training and/or AutoCAD software. The achievement of outcome targets to contribute to the company’s overall objectives. Trainers / Assessors therefore need to have occupational expertise in the areas to be assessed. They will be required to update their expertise by being involved in professional development activities. Key duties and responsibilities Carry out an induction and initial assessment with the candidate before commencement of the course and establishing the correct course route and level to be undertaken Complete starter paperwork with the candidate to enrol them on to the scheme and then throughout the duration of the training scheme complete all necessary paperwork according to CADCentre, and DELLS/LSC procedures including reviews, onsite logs, hours trackers and assessment plans, as required for audit purposes and within specified deadlines. Maintain accurate candidate assessment and achievement records which can then be subjected for internal verification, always keeping the internal verifier and centre manager up to date with regards to candidate progress Train candidates until they reach the required standard for assessment ensuring that the candidate’s Individual Learning Plans are followed and candidates are visited in line with required procedures. Assess evidence of the candidate’s competence against the national standards of occupational competence within the qualification, following guidance on assessment practice and completion of documentation as set out by the CADCentre and Awarding Bodies. To strive to meet targets and profiles as set by your centre manager. All training and development activities to follow company procedures and monitoring, Share good practice and tips with other assessors and internal verifiers Following company procedures with regard to demonstrating commitment to equality of opportunity and any other antidiscriminatory practice, ensure maintenance of confidentiality of sensitive information. Other responsibilities To behave in a positive and professional manner at all times when representing the company. General housekeeping duties, ensuring the centre is kept tidy. External Trainer / Assessors must follow the company’s motoring procedures and policy. Any other duties as requested by Centre Manager, Head Office Admin, General Manager or Director’s This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CentreBasedTrainerinITandAutoCAD_job****