Title: Head of Client Services/Client Services Director
Webindex: 68625014
Company: May Stephens Recruitment Group
Description: Head of Client Services/Client Services Director  Brand Marketing both in the UK and internationally.  You will take ownership of monthly, quarterly and annual sales targets aligned with the operational plans for the business and ensure contractual arrangements which hit the company's profit targets.  You will lead the company's new business operation Skills and experience required:  Experienced in the world of agency selling and client relationship building, with a track record of implementing multidisciplinary marketing activities within tight time scales.  Experience marketing in the youth market (****).  Demonstrable indepth knowledge of the digital agency space and be able to provide insight on the market and current client needs.  Successful sales of complex service offerings in consulting, design and marketing  Experience working with national (preferably global) brands.  Confident analysing data  (preferably with Google analytics and Facebook analytics experience)  Knowledge of Emarketing, activity and user generated content including blogs, forums, social networking, podcasts, youtube etc.  Technical experience (worked in technical environment or with a CTO) This opportunity offers to work with a portfolio of global clients, an opportunity to bring your strategic thoughts, where creativity will have direct impact. May & Stephens acts as an 'employment agency' in relation to this vacancy. EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES May and Stephens Recruitment is committed to equal opportunities and actively seeks applications from all sectors of the community irrespective of sex, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, disability, marital status,sexual orientation, having responsibility for dependents, age, religion/beliefs, or any other reason which cannot be shown to be justified May & Stephens Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.