Title: Android Platform Head: Java, apps, NFC, multithread, finance
Webindex: 67652566
Company: Parallel Consulting Limited
Description: Android Platform Head: Java, apps, NFC, multithread, finance, MVC, OOP, Agile, REST, Junit, CVS, Git City of London Parallel Consulting are currently recruiting on behalf of a major mobile software brand who are looking for an Android Platform Head to join their expanding mobile development unit. Successful candidates will be responsible for a variety of duties across Android development, including architecture, governance, line management responsible for all Android application architecture. Standard; involved in enforcing responsible for governing development across the Android platform. Quality; responsible for enforcing work across various teams to estimate workload mentor project line manage the platform members including the team leads. Tools; work with other platform heads (iOS act as the point of contact for any Android platform related queries. Recruitment; assist in the recruitment process for new team members. Essential: Good understanding of the full software development lifecycle. Extensive experience of Android application architectures eg. GIT / SVN / Mercurial / CVS. Highly Desirable: Portfolio of applications on Google Play. Experience of other mobile platforms; eg. JME, Blackberry, iPhone & Windows. Experience in REST architecture, JSON based app development & Google MAP API. Hands on experience with Ant & Maven. Working knowledge of SQLite. Experience with Continuous Integration tools, eg. Hudson / Jenkins. Experience with Git / Gerrit for code reviews. Experience of Agile methods, with SCRUM. Experience with WML / XHTML, or any other similar. Experience with automated build scripts & Eclipse IDE expertise. Knowledge of Symmetric & Asymmetric Cryptography, NFC, Javacard. The right candidate will be looking to become an integral part of a vibrant & team focused company that values professionalism. You will have a can do attitude, with great written & communication skills. In return my client can offer a salary of c. **** plus bonus, private medical care (for partner & dependents), pension, life assurance & season ticket. Please contact Dominic Swift at Parallel Consulting for more information & a detailed job description