Title: Java Developer  J****SE  J****EE  Spring  Hibernate  WebLogic  Financi
Webindex: 71774446
Company: Cornwallis Elt Ltd
Description: JAVA DEVELOPER  J2SE  J2EE  SPRING  HIBERNATE  WEBLOGIC  FINANCIAL SERVICES An opportunity has arisen for a Core Java Developer to join a leading financial services firm based in London. This is a highly visible role that will involve working within a fastpaced development team across a variety of initiatives surrounding payments processing systems. This will include the development and maintenance of low latency applications within a multithreaded environment across oracle databases. You will also gain exposure working on their automated clearing systems and multilateral settlement systems, which are used by various high profile clients throughout the UK. This role will also involve working with the code review team to ensure the highest levels of performance and efficiency are achieved using the latest Java based technologies. EXAMPLES OF KEY DUTIES WILL INCLUDE:  Developing high volume multithreaded applications using the latest Java technology stack  Using spring and hibernate as part of development  Liaising with senior stakeholders to ensure code is developed to agreed requirements  Creating development designs and processes  Ensuring code is successfully unit/component tested Key requirements:  Extensive Core Java coding experience  Back End development using J2SE  Experience with Spring, Hibernate and Struts is essential  Extensive experience in test driven development within an Agile environment  Experienced in developing high volume financial applications  Knowledge of oracle databases will be beneficial This is a superb opportunity for a Server Side Java Developer/Programmer who has previously worked within the telecoms or financial services industries, to join an experienced development team where you will get the opportunity to work on exclusive high performance financial systems across various national projects. The organisation use the latest technology stack and are looking for Java Developers who are willing to take on a new development challenge where you will fully utilise and enhance your technical skill set, in a challenging development focused role. Successful candidates will have extensive experience in developing high volume financial applications using spring and hibernate. If you have experience within financial services and feel you meet the above criteria, please do not hesitate to send in a copy of your CV. Successful applicants will be contacted within 24 hours. Cornwallis Elt is an Employment Agency and has been listed 3 times in The Sunday Times Virgin Fast Track **** of the UK`s fastest growing private companies, as well as in the Recruitment International Top 250, Top 50 in IT and the Recruiter Fast 50.