Title: Developer PHP / SQL
Webindex: 72451649
Company: Affilisearch Ltd
Description: Developer PHP / SQL – Location Nottingham Immediate role  ****5k****k Basic – 25 Days Paid Holiday  Flexible Working. Exciting, dynamic business in the fastchanging Online Digital Media sector. Seeking Developer who enjoys implementing new technologies, working in a team to develop and maintain multiple large platforms and is passionate about development. Multiple projects based on Zend Framework, having commercial framework experience is an added bonus. Many 3 rd party integration and API related work. My client runs a number of premium affiliate networks based in Nottingham. An established SME type business employing **** people, whose verticals include Health Beauty, Pets, Food Drink and generic affiliate marketing. Due to natural organic growth, my client is seeking a 4th Developer to join an already established successful team. In addition to the existing developers, the company also employees 2 fulltime designers. Commercial experience working with ecommerce platforms, CSM systems and affiliate network applications will go in your favour. Experience using a variety of web services and understanding API Links using 3rd party services will also be highly advantageous. Candidates who possess interests in developing Mobile APP's will be highly regarded. Do you have Advanced PHP Experience? Are you looking to increase your experience with a leading reputable company? Company has been established in the UK for over a decade and is financially very stable. This role would be perfect for an individual from a very strong development background. Good level experience within Database Management, Software Development. As a successful Developer your goals and objectives will be to reshape / develop the company’s current projects. You will be in charge of developing new creative ideas, strategic planning, liaising with your colleagues and meeting set targets for your individual projects. The client is seeking a dynamic and technical person with excellent IT management skills accompanied by a genuine attitude to succeed. Company Expectations: Advanced skills in PHP Advanced skills using SQL Responsibilities: • Custom programming and web application development • Testing, maintenance and troubleshooting of existing projects • Contributing ideas and ensuring the latest technology trends are being used where possible. • Working as part of a team to find solutions to challenging problems. Applicants wishing to relocate to Nottingham from other locations will also be considered. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/DeveloperPHPSQL_job****