Title: Senior Business AnalystDebt FinanceLondon****K
Webindex: 69545231
Company: Rullion IT Plus
Description: Senior Business Analyst required by my client, the corporate arm of a Tier **** Bank based in London. This is a senior position operating across the Debt Finance Product portfolio. Operating at VP level, the Senior Business Analyst will work within the Debt Technology team and will lead the analysis activity across a multi million package implementation programme, the most high profile business transformation initiative within Banking at the moment . To be considered for this position the applicant should possess the following:  Excellent experience as a Senior Business Analyst  Breadth of project and business experience  Strategic thinking of requirements, planning and decision  Proven experience leading analysis activity on multi million programmes  Ability to communicate effectively with Business IT development teams  Good experience in Vendor Management  Strong experience in Financial Services experience essential (ideally Corporate Finance)  Excellent stakeholder management skills essential This is an exceptional opportunity for a career motivated Senior Business Analyst, looking to enhance their experience in a senior position within one of the world's largest and most prestigious banks, on a major package implementation programme. The Senior Business Analyst will support the bank's Debt Finance Technology Change programme, manage senior global stakeholders at all levels of the organisation, refining the technology strategy aligning to business strategy. To be considered for this position, the candidate must be a seasoned, confident Senior/ Lead Business Analyst with a proven ability to work effectively with the Business and IT to deliver Technology change. The candidate needs to have a breadth of project and business experience as well as demonstrating strategic thinking of requirements, planning and decision making with the core basics of analysis techniques. It must be stressed that only applicants holding strong experience in the Financial Services will be considered for this position. This is a permanent position based in London, offering a competitive basic salary of between ****  an excellent package. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorBusinessAnalystDebtFinanceLondon****K_job****