Title: Java Developer  Core Java / Spring / MVC / JDBC / Agile
Webindex: 68703625
Company: Burns Sheehan
Description: Java Developer  Core Java / Spring / MVC / JDBC / Agile  Glasgow  ******** per day A leading consultancy is looking for a highly skilled Java Developer to work onsite at one of their key investment banking clients. You will be part of a high calibre development team and will work with developers, product owners, and business customers to design and deliver the highest quality products. Key Technologies: Java Spring JDBC MVC Agile Unit Testing Oracle Your core responsibilities will be working as part of the team to create a mission critical tool to enable communications during major incidents. You will bring together an excellent understanding of enterprise Java applications, current best practice development procedures and a desire to build high quality, maintainable and testable software. You must have excellent problem solving skills and be able to manage all aspects of the software lifecycle. Your focus will be to use your Java experience to design and implement the server side business logic and services to support the creation and distribution of communications to subscribed audiences. The application will need to integrate with many existing APIs to create and distribute the communications. Key Responsibilities  You will be a key part of the team, specialising in Java server side development.  You will be expected to model, design, develop, code, test, debug and document server side components that satisfy the business requirements.  You will be responsible for ensuring that development best practices and firmwide development standards are always adhered to  You will communicate confidently with the business and IT management to understand their needs and offer technical solutions of the highest level.  Provide technical design, tool selection and technical leadership for any given component.  You will conduct code and design reviews.  Support all levels of testing and production implementation.  Provide ongoing application support. Essential Skills  Extensive experience in developing enterprise Java applications, from design through to implementation.  Experience of complex and multithreaded environments.  Experience working with a variety of complex APIs.  Agile development practices, such as continuous integration, automated unit testing, iterative development, pair programming, and estimation.  Proven ability to carry out technical analysis, including system architecture infrastructure.  Experience with Spring  Core, MVC, JDBC  Knowledge of application deployment.  Strong communication and influencing skills.  Attitude of actively supporting staff in a team environment  Analytical and problem solving skills.  Good understanding of Linux tools and architecture (or Unix equivalent)  Good understanding of Oracle, SQL and stored procedures Desirable Skills  Experience using APIs for communication via SMS, Email  Experience of developing Web UI using HTML, JS and CSS  jQuery  Oracle, SQL, stored procedures  Financial services experience Please reply quoting SE5670.Burns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JavaDeveloperCoreJavaSpringMVCJDBCAgile_job****