Title: Service Desk / Desktop Support Analyst
Webindex: 68703556
Company: Robert Half Technology
Description: The Company Service Desk / Desktop Support Analyst Robert Half Technology is seeking is seeking a highcalibre Desktop Support Analyst to join the IT Support team of a leading international reinsurance firm in the City of London. The Role The Service Desk Analyst will essentially fulfil a first/second line desktop engineering role. This primarily involves logging and resolving incidents and requests for IT that are logged via phone, email and the customer portal. This will be to provide excellent customer service, taking ownership of all tickets, resolving when possible or escalating when necessary. In addition, the role presents the opportunity for the Desktop Support Analyst to be involved in delivering projects and other broader technology initiatives as below:  Participating in the evaluation of new end user computing packages, including remote connectivity products, and equipment, implements and tests prototypes.  Participating in projects relating to the development and implementation of new products and product lifecycle upgrades.  Participating in the testing and implementation of desktop computing product lifecycle upgrades. Identifying opportunities for and participates in process improvement initiatives.  Assisting in developing and maintaining IT Security processes and procedures, for example encryption on removable devices. Key requirements: Essential Experience:  A smart, graduate calibre individual.  Strong experience within a Technical Support role bringing proven track record within a busy IT Service Desk/ Desktop Support Environment of at least **** users working within tight deadlines  Experience with supporting users deskside and remotely users e.g. via VPN Knowledge of the fundamentals of Active Directory Administration Strong knowledge of practises and procedures regarding Microsoft operating systems and sub systems as well as desktop and telecommunications technologies  Broad knowledge of end user computing and network based PC/workstation systems and hardware  Good consultative and communications skills, analytical ability, decisiveness, strong judgement and the ability to work effectively with all levels of staff.  Experience of using a ticketing system Beneficial Experience  Financial Service experience  ITIL Salary Benefits ****  bonus  benefits Robert Half Ltd acts as an employment business for temporary positions and an employment agency for permanent positions. Robert Half is committed to equal opportunity and diversity. Suitable candidates with equivalent qualifications and more or less experience can apply. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ServiceDeskDesktopSupportAnalyst_job****