Title: Knowledge and Information Manager
Webindex: 68547066
Company: Experis IT
Description: A Knowledge and Information Manager with extensive experience of consolidating ICT services into one function is required to join a Public Sector emergency services section. This is an excellent opportunity for a Knowledge and Information Manager with extensive experience of consolidating ICT services into one function to join a company that invests heavily within its workforce. The Knowledge and Information Manager is required to develop and manage all Information and ICT strategies and policies to achieve compliance across statutory requirements. You will define and manage accurate and up to date performance data and information to support complex decision making. You will contribute to the development of the Public Safety Plan and the Authority’s Corporate Business Plan. Other key accountabilities will include but not be limited to: monitoring legislative and regulatory changes and advise the Authority on changes, setting and managing the achievement of department and service performance targets as well as fully understanding and maximising the value for money and Return on Investment across the ICT portfolio. You will take responsibility for the delivery of several major projects, in addition to line management of the Knowledge and Information management team. Taking responsibility for identifying and implementing the most effective, efficient and economic method of delivering a full set of coordinated Knowledge and Information management services to meet customers’ needs will also be your accountability. The successful candidate will ideally be a Knowledge and Information Manager with extensive experience of consolidating ICT services into one function. Have commercial exposure of strategic ICT Management, technologyenabled change, ICT Service Management, Technology Exploitation and General Compliance. To apply send your CV now or call Amy Johnson on **** **** **** for further information.