Title: Business Analyst ERP LN
Webindex: 68494905
Company: Catch Resource Management Ltd
Description: Business Analyst ERP LN  'Business Analyst', ERP, LN, 'Project Management', Baan, 'Windows Server', Linux, IBM, AIX, 'Sun Solaris', 'HPUX', Oracle, DB**** Informix, 'MS SQL Common', Finance, Project, Manufacturing, Distribution, Baan  Belgium  €****K Our high profile Belgium based client requires an ERP LN Business Analyst to act as a liaison between business management and our client's IT teams for ERP LN and related software implementations and support. Knowledge and Skills : ****  5 years demonstrated working experience with ERP LN (full cycle implementation experience is required) 3 years of manufacturing industry experience Possesses knowledge and experience leveraging both IT solutions and business process improvements. Must demonstrate expertise in strategic planning, tactical execution, project management, process management and business systems requirements definition. Demonstrated abilities to combine business and technical perspectives. Skills in effective verbal and written communication, people management, and project management Participates in continuous review and update to ensure that processes meet changing business unit conditions. Analyse Business Unit operations to understand their strengths and weaknesses to determine opportunities to automate processes and functions. Translates high level business requirements into functional specifications for the IT organisation and manages changes to such specifications. Negotiates agreements and commitments by facilitating communication between business unit(s) and IT from initial requirements to final implementation. Qualifications: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or more than 5 years experience in ERP implementations, business analysis and process modelling and redesign. Location: Liverpool but could be based at Antwerp, Belgium or other European locations Other Info: You must have be capable and willing to travel within this role Catch Resource Management is a leading provider of Dynamics AX, JD Edwards, SAP, Java and .NET resources to both end users and to product suppliers/authors. Our consultants deliver a completely professional resourcing service, always backed up by our team of ERP specialists who are all experienced in full project life cycle implementation and support, thus ensuring that we fully understand our clients' requirements and our candidates' skills. If you have the relevant skills and experience for this position we would welcome your application, however please note that we receive high levels of responses to our advertisements so can only immediately respond to those that are a close match. Catch Resource Management Ltd. operates as an employment agency and employment business.