Title: Director of Waste Implementation
Webindex: 72032573
Company: MATTINSON PARTNERSHIP LTD
Description: Job Ref: **** Job title: Director of Waste Implementation Location: UK wide Package: Highly competitive Term: Permanent Job Summary: Our client is a major global player in the provision of engineering and consultancy services. They have built a reputation as one of the country s leading authorities for technical advice to the waste sector working with a broad range of public and private sector clients. In order to capitalise on this expertise within waste procurement, they are looking to appoint a Waste Implementation Director to provide technical and commercial advice across a range of diverse clients. Projects will cover project management, technical service provision, commercial aspects and policy issues within thermal energy, biomass, CHP and energy from waste. Profile: We are keen to talk to individuals who can demonstrate an in depth understanding of the waste sector and strong technical knowledge of waste treatment technologies. A strong commercial flair is crucial for this position together with excellent project management and staff leadership qualities. Responsibilities / Accountabilities: Collective responsibility and management of consultancy team to set and implement the business strategy Lead, develop, grow and deploy a team of mixed discipline engineering and associated professionals Responsibility of full budget and P L for the range of products and services delivering revenue, fee income and margin in line with budgets Direct business development activity including the identification, positioning, bidding, negotiating and winning of new work both in the public and private sector Direct the operational delivery of engineering contracts in the waste sectors. Invest in the development of new services and products responding to customers emerging needs generating incremental new income Qualifications / Experience: Experience of management within a corporate environment and operating at senior management level is essential. You will be a Chartered Member of a recognised professional institution, e.g. ICE, CIWM, CIWEM or other established professional institution. Senior experience within an Engineering or project management consultancy Able to demonstrate a sharp understanding of project financial management and working capital management and be competent in utilising management information systems. Competent in forecasting, workflow management and staff management Sound understanding of waste treatment technologies in particular those that harness energy from waste Extensive commercial acumen and technical expertise is also required If successful, you will be playing a lead role within this business group and can expect a market leading salary, excellent benefits and career prospects to accompany this exciting role For further information on this position, please contact David on **** **** **** or djmmattinsonpartnership.com Mattinson Partnership brings together recruitment expertise with handson experience. Through our knowledge of the industry, we are able to provide a unique and specialist service. We respect the need for absolute confidentiality and offer every assurance that your application will be handled with the highest levels of professionalism. We actively encourage applications from all sectors of the community. For Further Information on the Mattinson Partnership visit www.mattinsonpartnership.com