Title: Lead Solution Architect  circa ****k  Bens  London  New
Webindex: 72678101
Company: Castlethorpe Associates Limited
Description: Lead Solution Architect  circa ****k  Bens  London  New Must Have Skills Solution Architecture experience in an enterprise online/digital/web environment, ability to solve business and technology problems, enthusiast of new innovative technologies, able to drive high level designs, able to resolve lower level operational issues, Agile/Scrum. What s in it for you? This is a challenging position working with one of the most recognisable brands in their sector. They are constantly looking to innovate in the way that they use technology and there is constant investment and innovation in the way they bring their digital products to market. You will be responsible for responding for design and development of solutions, including framework creation, facilitation of design process and for solutions implementation. You will be Lead Solution Architect across projects. You will be looked to in order to create solution architecture descriptions and documents, and will also monitor implementation across projects. Specifically this will involve definition and design of migration roadmaps to appropriate solutions (with regards to business growth). This role has the responsibility for leading a team of Solution Architects, and for setting objectives, monitoring performance and task management. There is an excellent package on offer for the right candidates in that you will receive a salary up to ****k and an excellent benefits package. To be honest the real opportunity here is the projects and the fact that you will be worked with some of the most gifted, passionate people within the IT sector. You Are a passionate IT Professional with experience of consulting with Senior Technology Leads, leading solutions architecture, and for owning the creation and update of domain relevant technical/architecture/solution diagrams. You should be fully versed in the following, and must provide evidence of this on your CV, and be happy to discuss areas further at interview:  Solution Architecture experience in an enterprise online/digital/web environment  Experience working on high web traffic consumer facing web sites  Ability to solve business and technology problems  Enthusiast of new innovative technologies  Able to drive high level designs  Able to resolve lower level operational issues  Agile / Scrum Methodologies Contact us asap as interest is high and interviews are being arranged Key Words  Solution Architect, Solution, Architect, Online, Digital, Web, Agile, Scrum, Technical Solution, Business Case, High Level Design, Solution Architect, Solution, Architect, Online, Digital, Web, Agile, Scrum, Technical Solution, Business Case, High Level Design Commutable from: London, Greater London, North London, East London, South London, West London Lead Solution Architect  circa ****k  Bens  London  New