Title: Oracle Financial Consultant
Webindex: 68609474
Company: i4 Recruitment Account
Description: A leading IT systems, services and products company employing **** people with an annual revenue of **** billion. Its business is in enabling its customers to realise their objectives by exploiting information technology through its integrated product and service portfolio. This includes consulting, applications, systems integration, managed services and product for customers in the private and public sectors including retail, financial services, telecoms, government, defence and consumer sectors. The Role This is a senior role that will require the individual to support the growth of the expanding Oracle Financials Practice within one of the largest Oracle global Platinum Partners. This role will involve travelling and staying in clients locations to complete projects. A Senior role to advise and input in the growth of the Practice and manage junior consultants in successful implementation projects and presales solutions. As an Oracle Financial Consultant your main responsibilities will involve: An ability to work as a Solution Design Architect developing Oracle R**** Financial solutions across a wide spectrum of Applications. This design and implementation role could be as part of a sales campaign or as a lead role on a major project. The candidate must be able to demonstrate: Full project lifecycle experience and experience of leading a team Engagement management skills and commercial awareness including experience of the presales process for Projects The ability to define, scope, plan and estimate Financial Solutions Demonstrable track record of business consulting and project delivery in Financials with wide experience of CEMLIS integration. Ability to articulate business and technical issues related to Oracle Financial Developing strong relationships with colleagues, Oracle and other partners Quality and Design Assurance Excellent communications skills and the ability to work with a range of people of varying technical knowledge, often explaining complex concepts to colleagues and business users/stakeholders Strong interpersonal skills with proven ability to influence and persuade at all levels Demonstrates innovative and creative thinking, showing attention to detail Demonstrable ability to produce clear documentation, designs and specifications Excellent time management and prioritisation skills, able to maintain strategic perspective while undertaking complex and detailed work, with proven ability to deliver results within agreed timescales and to work within tight timeframes In addition, the role encompasses presales responsibilities including the development of winning propositions for clients to meet business requirements. As a Oracle Financial Consultant your skills and qualifications will include: Oracle R**** Advanced Collections process & Design of Oracle payment systems Must be flexible, willing to travel and stay away overnight and must be able to demonstrate ability to manage multiple activities. As a Oracle Financial Consultant desirable skills and qualifications will include Functional knowledge of the eBusiness Suite tables, use of TOAD and ConfigSnapshot and SQL skills would be desirable