Title: Salesforce Technical Consultant
Webindex: 70099840
Company: Blue Pelican
Description: Salesforce.com Technical Consultants – Permanent position Technical Consultants are required to work for a leading Software as a Service practice. You must be able to support and deliver business development and sales opportunities. All Consultants will have a great understanding of new technologies and know exactly what is going on within the market. Technical Consultants will have responsibility for the design and delivery of all technical SssS solutions – Salesforce.com/Force.com. You role will include Technical design, development of code, architecture and interfaces. You must be highly organised and work effectively with both client stakeholders and technical/Solution Architects. You will contribute to sales meetings and presentations with confidence whilst developing strong client relationships. Technical Skills: •Good Subject Matter knowledge in Salesforce.com/Force.com •Strong understanding of developing and design, experience using design patterns and have the ability to write clean and maintainable code. •Good experience developing on Force.com platform with strong configuration design skills •Solid knowledge of Visualforce and Apex •Good knowledge of Web Development (Ajax, Javascript, HTML DOM Model, HTTP, SOAP, CSS) •Strong technical foundation  .Net or Java •Certified in at least one CRM – preferably Salesforce.com – DEV ****/**** For more information, please contact: Laura Crouch [blocked] laurabluepelican.com Honest, ethical, professional, knowledgeable recruitment experts. Blue Pelican Technology comprises highly trained consultants with more than 30 years combined experience within their specialist markets. As part of our Standards you can be assured of an enhanced level of service whether you’re dealing with us as a candidate or client (www.bluepelican.com/aboutus/bluepelicanstandards). You can view all our vacancies on our web site www.bluepelican.com/technology or call [blocked] and ask for the Technology Division for further information.