Title: Front End Web Designer / Developer HTML CSS JavaScript PHP MySQL
Webindex: 68672247
Company: Your Hired
Description: Front End Web Designer/Developer  HTML CSS JavaScript PHP MySQL Leading Digital Agency Requires Web Designer / Developer for Adult Section of the business. Required Skills Strong ability in producing W**** validating HTML CSS (knowledge of HTML5 beneficial) . Happy to work on adult content sites and social networking sites ESSENTIAL Indepth knowledge of producing work that is crossplatform compatible (IE, Firefox, Chrome etc) Experience with JavaScript libraries (such as jQuery prototype) Be able to code in PHP Experience with MySQL  basic SQL knowledge a plus Experience in producing design concepts and leading them through till completed Understanding of version control (in our case SVN) Have knowledge of Microsoft Office packages such as Excel, Word and Outlook Strong communication skills Able to work on multiple projects at once, managing your own time towards deadlines Creative logical thinking Strong teamwork ethic Ability to use initiative Able to work in and maintain a professional attitude at all times Preferred Candidate Skills These skills are not essential but desired: Knowledge and understanding of Search Engine Optimization Be used to working in an agile development environment Experience with optimizing for mobile devices Some previous web hosting and domain based understanding Experience of automated testing where necessary Knowledge of object oriented design skills The main purpose of the role will be to help the Social Networking team produce new and exciting products for our industry. You will be working closely with the backend developers so it is vital you are able to make changes to websites without interfering with the work or functionality that is already in place. Within the role you’ll also be dealing with creating new innovative advertising materials. Primary Responsibilities Producing designs in Photoshop and following them through to code Developing code and websites that are optimized for search engines Creating various advertising products and materials BASED IN HAMPTON MIDDLESEX BETWEEN FULWELL AND HAMPTON TRAIN STATIONS. For more info please email CV. We acting as an employment agency in relation to this role and accept CV’s from all age groups and backgrounds. Unfortunately due to the volume of applications we receive, we are often only able to contact successful applications. We will however keep your CV on file in order to consider you for relevant opportunities. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/FrontEndWebDesignerDeveloperHTMLCSSJavaScriptPHPMySQL_job****