Title: Team Leader Application Support
Webindex: 69687588
Company: Capita   Managed Services
Description: Team LeaderApplication Support Coventry Circa **** Are you looking to develop and improve within a professional and successful FTSE 100 company? We are currently recruiting for a permanent Team LeaderApplication Support to deliver high quality application support to internal users of STW Application products, delivering a high standard of Customer Service at all times and meeting agreed service levels. To proactively seek to reduce the number of service failures by identifying root cause of Incidents. To ensure that New and Enhanced Services are transitioned into the Application Support Centre in an effective and professional manner. The Team LeaderApplication Support has an important part to play:  Work to meet agreed Service Levels for Application Support Services  Assess the impact on Customer and Application Services of planned Business activities, e.g. Main Billing. Work with Application users to understand Planned and Exceptional events in Business processes and mitigate identified risk with supporting Applications and Processes.  Manage Incidents, Problems and Change Requests in an efficient and effective way whilst being compliant with Departmental policies (i.e. Change Control, Release Management, Incident Management)  Interact with internal support functions (Development, Services, Environment etc) to trouble shoot and resolve complex problems  To develop application components and manipulate data to resolve Incidents/Problems  Work with 3rd party Support Service Providers ensuring that we maximise the benefit of the contracted service and follow escalation procedures as necessary  Work with business colleagues to understand the business processes that are supported by IT systems and develop sound understanding of the aims and operation of supported systems  Work with Project Managers to ensure that Support Model and Checklists are complete for each New and/or Enhanced application  Develop and maintain the necessary level of technical skills relevant to the supported applications e.g. COBOL, SQL The Team LeaderApplication Support will have experience:  Considerable experience in an Application Support role  Strong Customer Service and Communication skills  Strong people management skills The Team LeaderApplication Support must demonstrate:  Deliver support services to meet agreed Service Levels  Manage and motivate a team of Support Analysts to deliver the service in an effective and efficient manner About Our Client Severn Trent Water serves over eight million customers across the heart of the UK, stretching from the Bristol Channel to the Humber and from midWales to the East Midlands. As a FTSE 100 company, they can offer a wide range of career opportunities and attractive benefits.Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.