Title: Senior Solutions Architect ASIA
Webindex: 71197741
Company: Experis IT
Description: A Senior Solutions Architect covering the Asia region is required to join the worlds leading source of news and information combining industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Senior Solutions Architect who will be responsible for the technical architecture for the data centres in the Asia regions to join a global business operating in over 100 countries that are at the forefront of delivering intelligent information quickly and efficiently. As a Senior Solutions Architect you will be responsible for the end to end technical design of core Infrastructure for new Data Centre builds (includes network, server and application level components) you will also review designs of existing Data Centres to identify improvement plans against the current reference architecture. You will also be responsible for the technical review / approval of network/system level changes and provide input to plans/activities for changes to live systems while resolving service impacting technical issues in a timely manner. On average you will spend 50% of your time on the new builds incorporating development and design and the other 50% of your time will be consumed with maintenance tasks including changes to the existing design/build. With the regions being in the EMEA and Asia there is a 10% element of travel that the future Senior Solutions Architect will have to be flexible with. The successful Senior Solutions Architect will have been hands on in designing financial services IT solutions within the last 5 years and will have solid experience with LAN and WAN IP Networking either Cisco or Juniper. To be considered for this role you will need to have design/implementation experience with either Market Data Distribution Systems, including TREP/RMDS and Wombat or Trading Systems (either customer proprietary or 3rd party products) or Direct Exchange feeds (e.g. from BSE, Taipei, HKX, SGX, OSE, TSE, ASX, etc) or implementation experience with Direct Feed Handlers. The desirable candidate will have experience working in the Asia region. For more information please forward your CV now or call Gabriella Steele on **** **** ****