Title: Supplier Integration Application Engineer
Webindex: 71593874
Company: Tata Technologies Europe Limited
Description: We are currently looking to recruit a Supplier Integration Application Consultant as part of our continued growth. Department The GSI (Global Supplier Integration) Team acts as a single point of contact for our client's community, working within the product creation PLM environment. The team is dedicated to implementing consistent tools and processes across our clients extended enterprise to ensure seamless supplier collaboration during the product creation process. The Global Supplier Integration Team is involved in the following activities: Supplier onboarding. Software testing. Methods development. Global business expansion. All aspects of supplier PLM integration. The Role While this is a technical role the successful applicant must be able to work within a process oriented structure for both high level project work and ongoing supplier integration along with a clear drive to ensure technical issues are managed and resolved. Responsibilities of the role include: Acting as a single point of contact for a number of major engineering service suppliers to ensure the supplier is fully integrated into the clients systems. Full understanding of all methods associated with supplier data exchange. Work with suppliers to meet the needs of the vehicle programme teams. Helping to implement new supplier integration and quality assessment processes into the PD manufacturing businesses. Software testing during release cycles. Management and liaison with all parties regarding test planning. Management of supplier data exchange issue closure including close liaison with internal/external support organizations and suppliers. Give front line help to suppliers in relation to client specific integration. Interface with other areas of the business, including; purchasing, engineering, manufacturing etc. Reporting of project status to various levels of management. Proactive identification and resolution of project issues. To help manage the deployed solutions, resolving issues and ensuring successful customer satisfaction. To extract, analyse and assess various supplier related data from unique data sources. We help our clients achieve better products for their customers  and better benefits for themselves If you have a passion for making processes and projects better, we want to hear from you. We know that better employees provide better services for our customers  which is why we recruit, reward and contribute to the success of innovators and leaders from around the world. Over **** professionals in **** cities in 14 countries already know that Tata Technologies is a terrific place to work. Tata Technologies: Better Better.