Title: SAS Consultants  UK Wide
Webindex: 64128566
Company: Aspire Data Recruitment
Description: Our client is a leader in Business Intelligence and Customer Relationship Management (CRM). They currently have a number of vacancies for SAS Consultants throughout the UK. Consultants must be adaptable to working on a wide range of projects across several market sectors. All Consultants will be required to travel and work on clients sites therefore mobility and flexibility is essential. Good client facing and communication skills and commercial awareness are also required. Experience/Qualifications • Experience of using SAS on a variety of crossplatform computing environments e.g. UNIX, MVS, PC • Experience of accessing a variety of data sources from within SAS • Be seen as an expert in technical areas in addition to Base SAS e.g SAS App Dev Studio, ETL Studio, Java, VB • Experience of using SAS on a variety of crossplatform computing environments e.g. UNIX, MVS, PC • Best practice either generally and/or within specialist area • Efficiency considerations either generally and/or within specialist area • Experience of accessing a variety of data sources from within SAS • Good client facing and communication skills, the ability to work independently and commercial awareness are also required. Senior consultants will take responsibility for running projects and optionally managing a team. • Senior Consultants will ideally have an in depth exposure/experience of SAS. Experience of building and implementing SAS Data warehouses and/or using SAS for Analysis, an understanding of systems development methodologies and an awareness of project management principles would be beneficial. • Desirable  Experience of query and analytical tools, relational database use and design, data warehousing concepts and design. Industry knowledge in Financial Services. The basic salary on offer for Senior Consultants is between ****  ****  bonus & benefits. Please send your CV to [contact details removed] or contact us on [contact details removed] .