Title: Senior Desktop Engineer
Webindex: 68357241
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Capita, FTSE 100 and leading Business Process Outsourcer, is seeking an experienced Desktop Support Engineer to join their team to be the point of contact for all desktop related incidents logged through the onsite Service Desk. The role relies on the engineers delivering exceptional customer service and liaising between users and third parties to deliver desktop support within the local desktop environments. The primary objective of the Desktop team is to ensure minimum disruption to the Client Desktop environment as a result of any technical issue; return to normal service is priority. Responsibilities include  Provision of high quality Desktop support services to office based users and remote users. Provide 2nd and 3rd line technical support in order to diagnose and resolve problems and maintain desktop services.  Install, configure, maintain and troubleshoot end user desktop hardware, software and peripheral devices.  Provide assistance to end users to enable them to make effective use of Desktop systems and equipment.  Provide advice and guidance on technical matters and at time supervise the work of others. Administer active directory, group policy and reset passwords  Perform Hardware and software upgrades. So seeking applicants with the following experience and skills:  Previous experience of working in a desktop support role.  Experience with Active Directory, Windows, hardware software and ideally group policy  Ability to troubleshoot desktop hardware, software and configure printers.  Good overall knowledge of Windows operating systems  Good Interpersonal and communication skills  Flexibility in working hours in order to cover service hours (8am to 6pm).  Understanding of Clarify call updating. If interested apply now to avoid disappointment Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us