Title: Linux System Support Engineer (3rd Line)
Webindex: 67894655
Description: 1.Background Our secure government client provides Cloud services across Government underpinned by a number shared hosting platforms. ****Objectives •To support and maintain the shared hosting environments to meet service SLA s. •To interface with the project teams on future development of the platform. •Skills transfer and development of employees to eventually hand over the role. ****Scope •Experience of installing, configuring and managing high availability virtualised platforms, including: System Centre 2012, HyperV •Experience of installing, configuring and managing virtual machines within shared multiclient platforms, including: Linuxbased OS (CentOS), Active Directory •Experience of installing, configuring and managing various tools to manage and monitor virtual environments. •Networking knowledge. ****Location The work will primarily be carried out in Milton Keynes with occasional visits to London, the cost of travel from the individual s home to and from these locations should be covered within the rate. 5.Working Hours Start and finish times are staggered to cover 7.00am – 7.00pm, Monday to Friday, totaling 37.5 hours per week, excluding Bank Holidays. On Call working is required for the role and we would expect the incumbent to be flexible in their approach to working hours. Rate for on call working hours to be discussed and agreed upon position offer. ****Clearance Due to the nature of this work Government security clearance of SC will be required and DV clearance would be an advantage. Due to the nature and urgency of this post, candidates holding or who have held high level security clearance in the past are most welcome to apply. Please note successful applicants will be required to be security cleared prior to appointment which can take up to a minimum 10 weeks. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector Gold Awards)