Title: IT Support  Systems Administrator  Cambridge
Webindex: 68681045
Company: Paramount Recruitment Med Comms, PR & Advertising
Description: IT Support  Systems Administrator  Cambridge: Paramount Recruitment has partnered with a leading scientific software team who are on the hunt for a seasoned, IT Support  Systems Administrator to join their technical department in Cambridge. Using your strong background in UNIX / LINUX, the IT Support  Systems Administrator will be responsible for providing technical support and training across the whole of the company, whilst managing multiple projects at one time, in an everchanging IT environment. This unique opportunity would suit a UNIX / LINUX systems administrator who thrives on large scale systems management and has a detailed understanding of storage systems and backup solutions. To be considered for the post, it is essential that you are a good communicator and confident in your ability to understand and communicate complex issues to nontechnical personnel. The ideal applicant will possess:  Proven experience in Unix and Linux administration  Demonstrable knowledge in storage, backup and disaster recovery  Strong problem solving and analytical skills  Exceptional communication skills (both Verbal Written) Experience in the following is highly desirable:  Experience across a variety of operating systems  Understanding of Internet, WAN's, LANS', Networking technologies and Environments.  Knowledge of storage protocols such as NFS, CIFS and FC  Experience of Block Storage Systems such as Nexsan, DDN and EVA.  Exposure to scripting languages in Perl, Unix Shell and PowerShell Rewards include a fantastic starting salary and a once in a life time opportunity to play a major part in the technical capabilities of a market leading scientific software house. For more information on this role contact Kieron McDaid at Paramount Recruitment on ****eywords: WAN, LAN, PERL, UNIX, LINUX, Administrator, Storage, Recovery, Systems Administration, IT Jobs, Cambridge Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITSupportSystemsAdministratorCambridge_job****