Title: Oracle BI Developer  OBIEE, Informatica, Oracle EBS
Webindex: 71306742
Company: Crimson Ltd
Description: Oracle BI Developer  OBIEE, Informatica, Oracle EBS Fantastic opportunity to join this industry leading organisation in a newly created role. We are looking for an experience BI Developer , skilled in Oracle's OBIEE reporting suite to develop, implement and support the future business intelligence reporting requirements of the company. The successful Oracle Developer will work closely with the business to ensure that the organisation's reporting requirements are met and where possible, processes are enhanced by the effective use of Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition. To be considered for this role you will need to be able to demonstrate skills and experience in a number of the following areas: Extensive OBIEE experience including reports dashboards. BI Apps experience with configuring/customising analytics for Oracle EBS . Strong background in data warehouse, data management and data analytics . Extensive experience with Oracle database (****g) . Extensive experience with Informatica and other ETL tools Experience of building and maintaining effective relationships with stakeholders In this role you will be responsible for: User requirement analysis and definition including the production of relevant technical documentation. Design, development, testing and implementation of new reports across the company's Oracle OBIEE application. Planning, installing and configuring OBIEE across multiple environments. Working on OBIEE security setup, OBIEE admin tool and data modelling Creating and modifying mappings in Informatica PowerCenter Providing training to new users. Supporting the rest of the Oracle Support team with OBIEE related calls. Consideration will also be given to experienced Informatica Developers without the detailed Oracle experience as full training in OBIEE can be provided. This role will be based within the Oracle Systems Support Team in the East Midlands, although to allow the individual to best support their internal customers, some occasional travel within the UK will be required. Fantastic opportunity to join this leading company. Call email and apply now Crimson Limited acting in the capacity of an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/OracleBIDeveloperOBIEEInformaticaOracleEBS_job****