Title: NET Developer ( Salary  Bonus upto 20%)
Webindex: 72160613
Company: PTS Resourcing  Ltd
Description: C Web Developer C, ASP.NET, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SQL Server, XML, VB.NET Our client who specialise in developing mobile and innovative web solutions, is looking for a C Web Developer to join their team. My Client is willing to consider candidates who are passionate developers, and have some exposure to .NET programming, preferably within a commercial environment, but may consider experience gained through academic studies. The role will involve maintenance, system analysis, technical design and implementation of business web applications to support the business. The individual will work closely with the Development Lead to facilitate integration of new and existing systems, support business as usual applications and when required participate in phased implementations of new applications. Candidates will gain exposure to technologies such as C, ASP.NET, SQL Server, WCF, WEB Services, JavaScript, XML. Main Duties: Work on a variety of projects of varying size and complexity. Translate design requirements and specifications ensuring they are delivered within timescales and project deadlines are met. Develop software applications carrying out all aspects of application development life cycle. Create and carry out test plans to ensure software can be deployed. Produce documentation for each step in the software development process and all code is fully documented. Develop applications in C and ASP.NET v**** Work with development frameworks including and WEB Services. Some Front End web development in JavaScript, HTML, CSS and use of SQL Server. Successful candidates will have experience working with C and ASP.NET. However, candidates with a background in VB.NET development, PHP or other Open source and web technologies may be considered and will Xtrain to C. This is a chance to join a small team who work with some prestige clients, being involved in the full software development life cycle and being an integral part of the Company's IT focus. You will be involved in developing mobile and web applications and work in a target driven environment. The company believe developers should enjoy what they do and have time to play at work. Candidates must have a can do attitude, be keen problem solvers, be passionate, keen to learn, and be able to work as part of a team or perhaps on a solo project at times. Some client interaction will be required at times so strong communication skills are important. The role is based in Manchester and some training will be on offer for some of the technologies mentioned above. Starting salary ****k****k and additional benefits. THE COMPANY ALSO OPERATE A BONUS SCHEME (paid quarterly) WHICH CAN BE WORTH UP TO 20% of salary. PTS is an Equal Opportunities employer and applicants are selected solely on the basis of their relevant aptitudes, skills and abilities. No applicant shall receive less favourable treatment on the grounds of sex, marital status, civil partnership status, transgender status, pregnancy, maternity, colour race, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, belief, sexual orientation, disability, age. This is not an exclusive list.