Title: Technical Sales Support Consultant  Cambridge/Home Based
Webindex: 71552803
Company: Additional Resources Limited
Description: Technical Sales Support Consultant  Cambridge/Home based. Basic Salary up to ****  Private Healthcare, Pension, etc. Key Skills: Technical Support, PreSales, Engineering, Software, Monitoring. Our UK headquartered international client provides solutions to manufacturing and distribution industries across the UK/Europe/MiddleEast. Their software/hardware products and services give enterprise level customers full control and visibility over assets and processes to maximise efficiencies and operational integrity. They enjoy strategic alliances with some of the world`s major engineering businesses, which lead to them being recommended supplier of choice alongside branded equipment suppliers. The Opportunity This is a superb career opportunity for an experienced graduate engineer/ technical support consultant to join this successful business. You will play a leading role in further developing the client`s reputation for technical excellence and strengthening the drive for consistently winning new business. The Role You will support the sales team effort to generate major orders and revenue by proactively engaging in the sales cycle and taking charge of the technical aspects and deliverables during the product evaluation phase. This will involve you in early meetings with customers to fully appreciate and scope their needs. You will also play a key role in formulating exact customer requirements and proposed solutions, as well as supporting account managers through the bid process. You will define and implement appropriate product/service demonstrations to fulfil the identified needs, and subsequently present these to the customers` technical experts, IT experts, senior management and end users. The successful appointee will also be expected to represent the company at trade shows and conferences and play an active role in the introduction of new products into the market. As well as the external sales focus, you will build and maintain close links with internal development and field applications teams to ensure the smooth transition from concept to production implementation. Essential Requirements. You will hold a Bachelors degree in an Engineering/Technical subject and have a good understanding of software. A handson problem solver. Excellent listening, oral and written communication skills; the ability to articulate technical solutions and how they can solve customer's business problems to all audiences, including nontechnical. Candidates must possess excellent interpersonal and decision making skills as well as the confidence to present at all levels. Ability to think on your feet and change approach as required. Being open, flexible with regards to time management and willing to travel (5075%), mainly in the UK, but including overseas as required. A UK driving licence, ideally clean, is essential. Fluency in other European languages would be a distinct advantage. Basic Salary up to ****  Private Healthcare, Pension, etc. Prior to applying for this opportunity, please ensure your Word document CV highlights all your experience relevant to the Technical Sales Support Consultant role. Also provide full details of your current / latest remuneration package and availability to commence employment. Key Skills: Technical Support, PreSales, Engineering, Software, Monitoring. Additional Resources Ltd is an Employment Business and an Employment Agency as defined within The Conduct of Employment Agencies & Employment Businesses Regulations ****