Title: Network Management Systems Engineer
Webindex: 68180070
Company: Resource Management
Description: Job Title: Network Management Systems Engineer Key Accountabilities Responsibilities: We are looking for a Network Management Tool Systems engineer for a top tier global financial service firm. The role will be **** split between the hands on technical work, testing, implementation, and development activities associated with delivering large scale network tools solutions, and the associated transformation strategy definition, coordination, consensus building and logistics that surround global teamoriented delivery. Broad industry knowledge (network management systems expertise) and an excellent basis of network technology fundamentals are required this is a truly global and very large network that will present significant challenges for even the best and brightest candidates. The environment is challenged and facing the realization that transformation and reinvention is required. It seeks a seasoned professional who can help deliver interim improvements in parallel to developing and delivering the long term strategy over the coming 1224months, and then operate and optimize that into the future. Typical Outputs Deliverables: Objectives of the role Contribute significantly to the overall pace and capability of the NMS Engineering team Technical ownership of significant tools in the current suite, their interoperability and optimization across IP Data, Voice (including IPT convergence), Multimedia, low latency and carrier cloud / managed service environments. Ensure that operational stability is maintained at all times through expert design and delivery, strict change control and risk management. The tools have to work, have to have broad system coverage, and have enough field capability that users get good value from them Reduce the cost of our tools portfolio by reducing duplication of functionality, managing licenses and vendor contracts tightly, and innovating new ways of addressing tools requirements more efficiently from both capital and people/process perspectives Enrich the toolsuite to fill new and emerging niche requirements as neatly as possible. Combat the natural tendency for lots of specialised tools with a macro strategy into which myriad small elements fit. As part of a small team, build consensus around the strategy and execute on it. Required skills Base system skills/Computer OS Linux: highly familiar / sysadmin Solaris: experienced Windows: experienced Software/scripting SQL: Mysql, Oracle, SQLServer, MS Access Syslogd and variants: experienced Anmptrapd and variants: experienced Apache: very experienced PERL: very experienced html: very experienced Excel: Guru Vi: experienced rrdtool and similar: experienced MRTG and similar: experienced For further information ot to apply call **** **** **** or alternatively email neil.nugentrsgplc.com