Title: Information Assurance CLAS Consultant / Bristol
Webindex: 69686921
Company: Jenrick IT Limited
Description: An IT consulting organisation, specialising in system design, engineering and software development services, are seeking a CLAS consultant to support a range of government and public sector clients providing CLAS security architecture advice as well as guidance on security issues. You will be responsible for providing support and consultancy services to Commercial, Government and Defence customers as well as assisting in the formulation and co ordination of bids and proposal requirements for the CLAS Team. Required experience, skills and qualification  CLAS registered  Educated to Degree level preferably in IT or Science related degree.  Systems/Engineering background working in the field of systems/ software development including security architecture before operating successfully as an IT Security Consultant  Knowledge of Internet Security Trends, Firewall products, Access Control devices, Encryption products and algorithms including PKI.  Experience as Secure Systems Architect or designer of Secure Communications and Information Systems.  A proven track record of analysing and understanding the major business processes of an organisation focusing particularly on the Information flows within an organisation and their associated security implications.  Should have in depth knowledge of the security issues associated with existing, current and emerging technologies that are being deployed in secure systems.  Should have the ability to effectively interpret current HMG Infosec policy with pragmatism  Security Architecture Design and Analysis  Risk Analysis tools and Techniques  System Security Policy production  Information Systems Security Audit and Analysis  Business Continuity and BS****/ISO27001 Audit Processes  Common Criteria and ITSEC Assurance Schemes  Proficient in the effective interpretation of assurance requirements in system design. This is a permanent position offering a comprehensive package including competitive salary, car allowance and flexible benefits package. We can consider candidates who could become CLAS (i.e. not yet carry the Clas badge) but the package would have to reflect capability / certification. If you have the above skills then please contact Alex or Lindsay on **** **** or forward your CV to alex.duffyjenrick.co.uk