Title: Finance Business Analyst  B****C/Utilities
Webindex: 72547138
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: We are looking for a Finance Business Analyst to work on a B****C Project for a leading UK Energy company on a contract basis. The Business Analyst role will support these objectives within the scope of the analysis of potential Finance and Provide delivery partners. You will be responsible for: Analysis of Finance and Provide offers  financial, commercial and risk comparison Review of the delivery partners ability to meet the preferred financing business models Map touch point between the energy company and delivery partners through the value chain and ensure accountability of handover is clearly defined (who, when, how, etc) Due diligence providers, analysis of their offersOur Business Analyst will be educated to degree level a degree in a numerate discipline such as economics, business studies, engineering or mathematics, or equivalent experience. Excellent written and presentational skills; has the ability extract from large sets of data, the key management insights. Proven record of creativity in developing new and innovative solutions Ability to influence people inside and outside of their immediate sphere of influence Ability to liaise effectively with external experts and suppliers Able to establish immediate impact and credibility Strong strategic focus and an understanding of business and technical strategic issues. Strong financial and commercial acumen, effective at planning and budgeting. Resilient under pressure Ability to speak French desirable but not essential Able to shape projects and outputs and work collaboratively across the organisation. Goal orientation and actionfocused Test market capabilities vs. requirements. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us