Title: Javascript Developer  Javascript,HTML5,CSS  London  to ****k
Webindex: 72547423
Company: Ccity IT Recruitment
Description: Javascript Developer  Javascript,HTML5,CSS  London  to ****k Our client is expanding and looking for an experienced Javascript Developer with a minimum of 3 years commercial experience. They are looking for a JavaScript developer with 3 years of experience building complex, interactive rich media experiences. You will be working onsite in the london office as part of the video player development team. They aim to offer their customers a tablet and mobile compatible player with a feature set almost identical to their flash based desktop alternative. This is a challenging and exciting goal, which will present many tough but also interesting problems to solve. You will be the principal developer helping to achieve this goal by working on their JavaScript based HTML5 video player. Building upon and advancing thei existing player, you will utilise the latest techniques and technologies to increase it s feature set, expand it s compatibility and maintain its status as a market leading player. In addition, you will look after the embedding system for both HTML5 and Flash players. The ideal candidate would also have experience working with Ruby, allowing them to work on the player s integration with our Ruby back end. They are a customerfocused team with a great product that s really fun to work on. You must  have 3 years experience in middle to heavyweight JavaScript development  have solid experience in web technologies (HTML, CSS)  enjoy working in a team  have a strong command of English  have a sense of humour Nice to have skills:  have a university degree in computer science (or in other science)  have experience in Ruby on Rails  have some experience with SQL databases  have experience delivering video using the HTML5 object This is a technical role, so you will need the required technical skills. However, it s just as important that you fit into our team. They are a small group and are meticulous about getting people on board who they think will fit into the company culture and have a positive impact on the team as a whole. Javascript Developer  Javascript,HTML5,CSS  London  to ****k