Title: Senior Java Developer / Development Manager
Webindex: 68346587
Company: Griffin Associates  Ltd
Description: Senior Java Developer / Development Manager Experienced and talented Java Developer required to work with a highly successful online retailer based in Bristol. The role is for a Senior Java Developer to head up a small development team of **** developers. The role would suit an experienced developer who is looking for the next step up in their career or a candidate who already has some managerial/team lead experience. The role will involve plenty of handson development, so keen development skills are required. The role  Make IT strategy recommendations to the board .  Assist in the development process in the initial stages.  Make training and staff development recommendations.  Mentor and advise the development team.  Streamline existing processes.  Rapidly deliver projects to maintain the company s competitive edge.  Be involved in recruitment and employment reviews.  You will be responsible for implementing development practices and setting up the project management structure within the organisation. Skills: (as many as possible)  Experience of leading a team or being a Senior Developer  Experience of project management  Excellent technical knowledge of IT systems.  Experience of optimising systems to deliver a highthroughput  Java Programming (Servlet / JSP);  PostgreSQL RDBMS (understanding of any major database such as Oracle or MS SQL Server will be sufficient);  HTML / CSS;  JavaScript / AJAX;  Using and developing for a Linux platform (RHEL/CENTOS specifically, although any major distribution is fine). You will have excellent problem solving skills, a dedication to producing the highest quality work as well as a good communications skills. The company can offer an excellent working environment and superb prospects for the right candidate. For immediate consideration please press the APPLY button below or email your CV to noel.lawlorgriffinassociatesuk.co.uk