Title: Hadoop Developer
Webindex: 72346029
Company: Exposed Solutions
Description: Exposed Solutions are recruiting on behalf of one of their London clients; an entrepreneurial startup in the data strategy and analytical sector. Through their innovative people and unique technology, they turn data into insight and create programmes for sustainable change. An opportunity has now arisen for a Hadoop Developer to join their team. This is the ideal role for a Hadoop Developer with strong programming skills and practical, enterprise level experience with its tools and ecosystem, having planned, architected, deployed, operated and maintained Hadoop clusters both on the cloud and on premises. The successful candidate may have experience in data warehousing architecture, large scale ETL, data modelling, analysis, design, development, problem solving, performance tuning and/or technical support of various data platforms. As a Hadoop Developer you will also know how to stage, test and release both structured and unstructured data stores while automating most tasks. Helping us transition from offering our analytics on an adhoc, technologyagnostic perspective to an open standards driven, platformbased environment; you will hold a very special place in our organization. Focussing exclusively on building a heterogeneous data platform leveraging cloud technology to support nextgen BI. This platform will ultimately support a series of applications, ranging from Campaign Management, Customer Targeting, BI/DSS and Predictive Analytics. We are a pragmatic organization that favours the right tool for the job, so it won't always be about Hadoop. We expect you to be fully aware of the advantages and disadvantages of using the various data store solutions available today, including roworiented, column stores, unstructured, key value pair, document oriented and the myriad of intermediary options between each. It's absolutely critical that you have mastered the ways passing data from one of these system to another, especially so in the context of AWS. To be considered for this role, you must have: In depth, proven Hadoop knowledge. Full knowledge and deep experience of the Hadoop ecosystem and core tools: Hbase,  Hive, Pig, Sqoop, Oozie, Avro at the very least Expert knowledge in programming as it relates to the manipulation of data, including Scala, Java, or Clojure Knowledge on the current playing field in Big Data. Experience of Agile, TDD, BDD, Linux, Shell Scripting and Git Passionate about technology, our industry and its tools; as a Hadoop Developer, you will enjoy exploring new methodologies, tools, and platforms. Above all, you will yearn to build a platform focused on the manipulation of heterogeneous data and predictive analytics, and take pride in seeing your work being successfully leveraged on live projects. Experience of any of the following would be beneficial to your application: Lucene or Elastic Search, Integrating R with Hadoop through RMR/RHADOOP, BI tools usually associated with Hadoop: Pentaho in particular, application level programming, Spark/shark, implementation of Mahout or Skytree and understanding of ML as it applies to the underlying data stores or implementing realtime computation systems such as Storm or S**** and their underlying message queues (such as ZeroMQ). AGILE, TDD, BDD, Linux, Big Data, Scala, Hbase, Hadoop, Java, Clojure, AWS, Git, Shell Scripting, AGILE, TDD, BDD, Linux, Big Data, Scala, Hbase, Hadoop, Java, Clojure, AWS, Git, Shell Scripting AGILE, TDD, BDD, Linux, Big Data, Scala, Hbase, Hadoop, Java, Clojure, AWS, Git, Shell Scripting AGILE, TDD, BDD, Linux, Big Data, Scala, Hbase, Hadoop, Java, Clojure, AWS, Git, Shell Scripting AGILE, TDD, BDD, Linux, Big Data, Scala, Hbase, Hadoop, Java, Clojure, AWS, Git, Shell Scripting ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/HadoopDeveloper_job****