Title: Non Functional Tester (NFT) Quality Centre (QC)
Webindex: 71444226
Company: Syntax Consultancy Limited
Description: Non Functional Test Analyst QC  Quality Centre Wolverhampton 3 Month Contract  GBP**** per day  Role Summary: Produce Test Plans and Specifications in accordance with Architecture and Requirements documents. Prepare and design use cases / test scripts in quality centre in accordance with the requirements defined in the QC Guidance document Complete test execution phase to ensure solution under test meets all criteria of the nonfunctional test phase. Have the ability to generate system, environment and network alerts to verify control mechanisms from monitoring alert systems, i.e. ERS, PUMA, HP Open view, Omnibus, etc. Have a thorough understanding of disaster recovery (including business continuity) and be able to define the technical process steps in backing up and restoring systems and data, to all methods of media. The resource would be able to write complete `end to end` processes in how to close down active running servers (in a controlled manner) and restart, this would consist of having working knowledge of Oracle, HP, unix and wintel servers  at system command level. Role outline / skills experience needed;  Report success and failure of test script execution in Quality Centre  Ensure environments and test data are appropriate prior to starting tests.  Production of daily test status reports  Conduct retesting and regression as required. Based upon assessing release notes and completing assessments on boundaries of testing as per design and build of a solution.  Escalate any identified risks to the team Manager and raise in appropriate Risk Management tool  Ensure test environments are suitable for testing described in the test cases  Ensure test environments are left in a secure state at the end of testing.  Willing to be flexible, evening and weekend working likely to be required. Please email your current CV through for initial consideration stating your work availability and expected pay rate to ash.alamsyntaxconsultancy.com If your experience matches the job requirements, you will receive a phone call from one of our consultants who will discuss the opportunity with you in more detail, and who will be happy to answer any questions you may have. We always endeavour to respond to every application. However, due to high current volumes of applications we regret it is not always possible to do this. Thank you for your understanding. Syntax Consultancy Ltd operates as an Employment Business and Agency.