Title: Web Designer / Graphic Designer  South London
Webindex: 66925635
Company: GPRS Recruitment
Description: Being one of the most successful and exciting Training Providers in the UK, specialising in multiple industries, it comes as no surprise that they are looking for experienced and enthusiastic individuals to join their team. Utilising vast experience and knowledge, the team are able to deliver direct training and apprenticeships in many professional sectors. Regarded as a leading business representation and support organisation in the South and an effective deliverer of business support services. We are seeking an experienced Web/Graphic Designer to join a busy and vibrant office based in Croydon. You will be required to design, layout and prepare marketing material and publications ready for printing, and to develop websites and other social media. Key responsibilities will also include creating innovative graphic design/artwork for company publications, produce sample sites, liaise with clients to discuss requirements and/or project progress, and to produce products that are userfriendly, effective and appealing. The ideal candidate will possess a degree in a relevant subject, experience in web design, email marketing, be fluent in graphic design practices and web production software (Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator), experience of working in digital communications, programme languages such as Java, and have an experience of corporate branding. You MUST have at least 2 years of industry background before applying for this role, along with a strong knowledge of web structure and functionality, be highly organised and have the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. You will be rewarded with a fantastic salary of up to ****k p.a. plus a great holiday package and other company benefits. In the first instance please contact Addie Marks on (Apply online only) or (Apply online only) now for a highly confidential career discussion. Alternatively forward a current CV . If you can convince Addie you can fulfil the demands of this highly desirable and rewarding role, we d be keen to discuss the potential of arranging a formal interview for you. GPRS Recruitment whose registered address is The Bankhouse Stafford ST**** 2JU UK confirm that our client has instructed us that the position advertised herein is of a permanent nature. All applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK and or the territory/location specified. Unfortunately we will not be able to enter into discussions or offer assistance regarding sponsorship. Due to high volumes of applications, in some instances we are unable to respond with individual feedback. Accordingly if we have not contacted you within five working days your application has been unsuccessful