Title: Perl Product Developer
Webindex: 68390853
Company: Opsview Ltd
Description: Opsview is an independent software vendor providing the awardwinning Opsview Enterprise systems monitoring and application management software. Headquartered in the UK, we have development offices and sales staff in the UK and USA as well as a development centre in India. Opsview has over **** users in more than 160 countries around the world and we provide a comprehensive IT infrastructure monitoring solution at a significantly lower cost than alternative proprietary vendors. Opsview is used by our clients to manage their complex IT environments across multiple locations, delivering high availability, improved service levels and better management information. Opsview is sold both directly through our Inside Sales team and by approved resellers worldwide. We have many blue chip clients such as BSkyB, Plusnet, US Army, UPS, F**** Networks, Yale University, Ascension Health, Blue Cross Blue Shield, Motricity, Nuance Communications, and many more. We have ambitious growth plans and need highly motivated individuals to help drive our Global expansion. Role Description: We are seeking a Perl Developer who is capable of delivering new features in our Opsview product suite. This new role provides a real opportunity at the start of an exciting period of growth where your dynamism and vision could have a direct influence on the success of our Opsview business. You will be responsible for developing the product and assisting customers with requests for specific feature development whilst providing expert technical guidance and dealing with technical issues and queries. You will report to the Development Team Leader. Training will be provided in Opsview and other open source tools, but prior knowledge of these or similar products would be advantageous. Duties and Responsibilities: > Developing software for our Opsview product suite > Reviewing and contributing to functional specifications and detailed technical designs > Developing and unit testing to these detailed designs > Testing and QA > Validating development estimates and timescales, and taking responsibility for meeting the resulting deadlines > Working as directed with Open Source projects and contributing as required > Maintaining current technical documentation at the code and design levels > Working with service developers and operational staff to package, deploy and maintain a reliable support service based on the developed software > Maintaining the software on an ongoing basis > Experienced in Perl development including a minimum of 2 years experience in either Perl Catalyst web framework or DBIx::Class > Experience of software development processes > Experience in writing unit tests > Computer Science, Mathematics or similar degree > Experience in other browser based technologies such as Javascript, HTML, CSS, AJAX, REST and JSON