Title: IT Support Analyst  Bardon, near Coalville
Webindex: 67651271
Company: V Selective Recruitment
Description: IT Support Analyst Leicestershire Salary: Negotiable DOE (Approx ****  **** per annum) OVERVIEW: Our client is the one of the UK s fastest growing manufacturers in their field with a number of sites across the UK. Their success has been achieved with a focus on pushing quality and service to the highest of standards. Having invested in modern premises and equipment throughout, the organisation is now expanding its team on an ingoing basis. As part of this recruitment they are looking for an experienced IT Support Analyst to join their team and work at their busy production site in Bardon (Leicestershire). This role will also involve working on another of their sites in Crewe approx once a week to provide IT Support there (mileage will be paid for travel). JOB PURPOSE To support, and be involved in the continual improvement of, the existing IT software and hardware infrastructure. A varied role covering bespoke application software, Microsoft applications and operating systems along with the various elements of hardware used by the company. The primary focus will be on software user support along with development of the use of the companies ERP system (Currently Avante by Epicor) Microsoft Applications (Office 2010, Dynamics) and Microsoft Windows. The Job will also include more general Network Administration roles including the addition and changes to the groups Wan Provide onsite and remote support for all aspects of the companies IT systems Design, manage the [external] programming of data base functions, test and implement enhancements to the companies ERP system. Design, Develop and implement user specific reports, training will be given where required on the relevant report writer. Production of Standard Operation Procedures and user training of the implemented changes. Perform (to company supplied Standard Operating Procedures) various Network Administration functions including the configuration and installation of Client computers and Network Devices along with IT related Housekeeping activities. Carry out all duties in accordance with the standards required by the HSE and maintain compliance at all times. Ensure goodworking relationships with superiors, peers, and any 3rd party visitors at all times. Any other tasks associated with this role, which is suited to the individual s abilities and level of training as directed by the IT Manager. REQUIRED TECHNICAL SKILLS Previous experience of developing Experience of report writing, software configuration and software tailoring through such products as Crystal Report Writing, SQL, or propriety products such as Epicor s SB report writer. Experience of supporting Microsoft Office Some experience of supporting Microsoft Server, Microsoft Exchange Server and basic network experience including DNS, DHCP, switches and cabling General I.T. Support Background, preferably 12 years in a similar environment REQUIRED INTERPERSONAL SKILLS Excellent analytical skills to convert business requirements into cost effective solutions Excellent communication skills essential, ability to give clear written and verbal instructions, clearly understand and explain technical and issues internally and to suppliers. Able to identify areas of weakness within processes and procedures and help find innovative solutions. Highly responsible, reliable and flexible with a strong work ethic Able to effectively prioritise and adapt to a varied and changeable workload Punctual, presentable and with good attendance