Title: Scrum Master / Project Manager / Product Manager
Webindex: 69018903
Company: Stairway2
Description: Scrum Master / Project Manager / Product Manager: Our client is a growing eCommerce solutions developer working with well known brands and offering genuine career progression. You will be working at the forefront of technology and software development, as well as dealing with large bluechip companies on a daily basis. You should have a minimum of at least 3 years relevant experience. Salary / Package: ****k Location: Warrington Key responsibilities for the Scrum Master / Project Manager / Product Manager:  You will work with clients and internal staff to understand and document business requirements.  You will manage small teams of **** to **** developers, to deliver against defined business requirements using either Agile or classic Waterfall methodology.  You will work with system designers to ensure both the functional and nonfunctional elements of the system are suitably considered, designed, implemented and tested.  You will work closely with experienced development and quality assurance teams and will be ultimately responsible for delivering functionality on time and to required quality levels.  You will be working on eCommerce and financial transactional systems, involving highly resilient platforms, all of which are in continual use by high profile companies operating at the top of their game. Ideal requirements for the Scrum Master / Project Manager / Product Manager:  You will have good technical knowledge and ideally have a history of some program development involvement.  You will understand web based systems and be aware of C, ASP.Net, TSQL, HTML, JavaScript and CSS development languages.  You will have some architectural knowledge around service orientated enterprisescale systems.  You will have good communication skills and will operate confidently and professionally in a team environment.  You will be enthusiastic, openminded, positivethinking, practical and delivery focused.  You will be well presented and articulate