Title: IT Business Development Executive
Webindex: 72546447
Company: 1st Place
Description: IT Business Development Executive Basic Salary: **** **** with an OTE of **** plus benefits Location: Central London The Company: My client is one of this year s rising stars in the IT software sector. You ve probably used their technology every day and not even known it. Working within sectors such as film, publishing and smart phones their influence upon the business world is vast. Since their emergence into the UK market in ****1 they have quickly become the leaders in their field both in the UK and the USA. But now they are planning to conquer the central European market which is why they re on the search for a graduate business developer to launch their product to an untapped sector. So if you are a highly professional, dynamic, hardworking and financially motivated graduate who wants to be in the top 1% of earners within 5 years time then this could be the ideal role for you. The Role: You will spend your first month calling potential clients and arranging meetings and appointments for Senior Executives to attend. Once you have established the key sales skills and a good knowledge of the product, you will shadow the company s Global Head of Sales, enabling you to learn directly from the best, so that within a few months you will follow in their footsteps. The training will continue through all the stages of your development as a Business Developer until you become fully fledged executive in your own right. Upon completion of your training you will be opened to the European markets. Although you will be primarily based in Central London your position will require you to travel throughout Europe to visit clients while you expand your client base. The ability to speak another European language would be an advantage but not a necessity for this position. The IT market is fast paced, aggressive and challenging but with it comes the potential of earning a very high salary. The successful candidate will be ready and eager to work hard so as to reap the rewards. A resilient nature, with ambition and a hunger for success coupled with strong communication skills and the ability to listen, learn and adapt are essential. The rewards this company offer means those who are money motivated will thrive. Finally, tenacity and resilience to set backs will stand you in a good stead with a company who are set to become a house hold name worldwide. The client is looking for a minimum of a 2.1 from a respected university in any degree. A second language or previous sales experience is not necessary but would be preferred. If this all stems from a want to be in charge of one s own earnings and a desire for success, send your CV forward for consideration quoting reference ****PGRHBAA to set you on track to begin an exciting and rewarding career in Media Sales. Not right for you? If you know someone who might be interested, please forward on. We pay a **** referral fee when we find your friend a job Questions? Get in touch: follow our job feed 1PGRjobs, search Facebook for 1stPlaceGraduateRecruitment, find us on LinkedIn, call or email us