Title: Senior Business Analyst, Banking  Payments
Webindex: 72373370
Company: The People Network
Description: Senior Business Analyst, Banking  Payments, ****  ****  Package, London A leading bank is looking to recruit a number of Senior Business Analysts to join teams assigned to Programmes within the banks Payments domain area. You will be a customer facing Business Analyst, responsible for production of significant deliverables specified with the lead BA analysis plan. To be considered for this role, you will be a solid Senior Business Analyst from a Payments background with an understanding from an operational as well as a business perspective. In addition, you will have experience of working on International or Domestic Payments projects programmes. You will also have most of the following:  Strong core BA skills including requirements elicitation, process design and specification documentation alongside knowledge of BA techniques  Business Analysis experience within a Payments environment  Experience of leading small teams  Experience of UML production of use cases  Knowledge use of the Rational tool set  Data analysis modelling experience  Involvement in projects/programmes using an Agile approach  Detailed knowledge use of any of the following Payments schemes  SWIFT/BACS/CHAPS/SEPA/Faster Payments/FATCA  Knowledge of GPP/Fundtech would be an advantage  Able to work within a fluid environment to derive clear requirements.  Ability to collaborate under pressure and work within multiple work streams.  ISEB and/or similar qualifications. Personally you will be a disciplined thinker and capable of working across organisational boundaries in a very demanding, highoutput environment. You will have outstanding organisational skills, attention to detail and accuracy is essential. Must be proactive, adaptable and results driven. You will be a team player who must be able to work under pressure, juggle multiple projects, using own initiative and motivation to meet deadlines and set priorities without close supervision. In addition to the basic salary this role offers: ****  30% bonus, 18% pension, car allowance, 30 days hols  other Benefits including the opportunity to work from home. This position also offers the opportunity to work on the cutting edge of technology for a leading bank with multiple channels for career and skills advancement. If you have the skills mentioned above then please send your CV for a full company and vacancy briefing.