Title: Software Trainer
Webindex: 71774930
Company: Pearson Whiffin Recruitment
Description: My client is looking for an experienced Software Trainer to deliver onsite training on their range of IT systems. My client is looking for someone who can get their clients enthused about the products they have bought and empower them to work in the most effective way possible. The key focus of this role is the delivery of highquality, professional training as well as the creation and maintenance of any training resources. Your time will be split with 60% at client's sites around the UK and 40% at our offices in Burgess Hill. All their training takes place within a classroom/IT suite environment with small groups of the clients staff. This role has been created to meet the demands of their continuously growing user base and the training will primarily be part of the delivery of new implementations of their systems. There is also an element of refresher and bespoke sessions as required by clients. The delivery of high quality training is a central part of their service offering and is critical in maintaining their reputation as brand leaders. They are looking for someone with a passion for face to face training and a drive to provide a great experience to their customers. Roles and Responsibilities . Delivering high quality and professional onsite training sessions . Frequent travel to client locations throughout the UK, and stay overnight where appropriate . Evaluating client feedback and maintaining accurate training records . Demonstrating a high level of product knowledge across all products, and keep up to date with new developments and enhancements . Acting as an ambassador for the brand and values of the client in all dealings with customers . Creating and maintaining training content for classroom sessions, webinars, handouts, manuals and presentations . Liaising with clients regarding training requirements . Building solid client relationships (so they ask you back for more)