Title: Web Test Analyst, Surrey, ****k, Testing, Agile, ecommerce
Webindex: 68635715
Description: An exciting ecommerce company is seeking a Web Test Analyst to be based near Kingston Upon Thames, Surrey. You will be joining an innovative small technical team working closely with the developers, database architect and business analyst. The team practices agile development and project management. You will also be involved in the full project lifecycle, including but not limited to analysis, producing test plans, scripts and reports for the execution of manual and automated testing. Additionally be expected to schedule, allocate and monitor test activities to other team members. The successful applicant will have a good knowledge of configuration management and how it fits into the test process. ISEB qualifications would be an advantage. KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES / RESPONSIBILITIES: Ensures completed work meets required standards of quality prior to release Enhances working practices to improvement efficiency of the testing function Manages test plans for platform and offsite platform developments (e.g. mobile) Maintains good manual and automated testing routines Builds and deploys to the test environment Devises and documents test plans and reports for senior management Investigates and replicates user scenarios Manages quality issues and defect tracking KEY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: Educated to degree level or equivalent experience Experience of testing web based applications developed using the following technologies; Ajax, Web Services, XML, HTML, Java, PHP, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS Knowledge of Linux commands and basic SQL queries Expert experience of using testing software such as; Selenium RC, Grid and/or Web Driver Knowledge of Soap UI, TOAD, Jira Hudson would be an advantage Competent regression tester who can demonstrate practical experience Experience of working in an agile  develop and testing, deploy environment Knowledge of agile testing practices Experience and sound knowledge of performance and security testing methods Knowledge of performance and security testing tools such as CloudTestLite, IBM AppScan or similar A good understanding of Windows and Linux based operating systems This is a highly successful and progressive organisation which offers good career progression. The successful candidate will receive a salary of up to **** basic plus and benefits. Keywords: Web Tester, Testing, QA Tester, UAT, Manual Testing, Automated Testing, Ajax, Web testing, Web Services, XML, HTML, Java, PHP, JavaScript, JQuery, CSS, Soap UI, TOAD, Jira Hudson, Linux, SQL, Surrey, ecommerce, website, CloudTestLite, IBM AppScan, Selenium RC, Grid, Web Driver, test plans, Agile, Scrum. If you think you've got what it takes to succeed in this phenomenal company, get in contact with Serrol Osman at Salt either by email: serrol.osmanwelovesalt.com or by phone **** **** **** ****