Title: Product Assurance Manager
Webindex: 69211627
Company: Rednal Recruitment Limited
Description: Our client provides engineering and software design services to Defence, Government and critical systems sectors. They are currently recruiting for a Product Assurance Manager to join their AeroSpace Division. Role: You will be capable of filing a senior position within the AeroSpace Division, reporting directly to the AeroSpace Business Director. The role is a direct position contributing to projects, bids and divisional activities in the following areas: Assurance and certification that all products, hardware, software and other project deliverables meet customers' requirements and are produced to the relevant standards using approved processes with the appropriate attributes of quality. Provide support within projects and bids for quality related aspects such as, deliverable quality plans, material and part selection, reliability and safety aspects, subcontractor/supplier quality performance. Involvement and support for projects and bids in design reviews/red/green/manufacturing team reviews.  Assure that the suppliers/subcontractors are meeting their requirements as necessary review and develop new suppliers for existing and new products. Management of projects and consultancy contracts requiring significant component of Product Assurance expertise. Raising awareness and coaching of engineering staff in the main aspects of product quality assurance. You will also be tasked with working in the other domains in which our client is active. Responsibilities:  Maintain uptodate knowledge on Product Assurance and Quality methods and processes relevant to AeroSpace customers.  Develop effective approaches in applying the cost of quality principles to individual AreoSpace projects.  Contribute to projects and bids for Product Assurance and quality related aspects (as above)  Review and audit of subcontractor and supplier programmes as required.  Review and audit of AeroSpace hardware projects on a quarterly basis.