Title: Project Manager (Embedded Systems, DVB/STB)
Webindex: 68494993
Company: JAM Recruitment
Description: This opportunity represents a chance to join one of South Wales' fastest growing and most exciting technology businesses. As a Project Manager you'll be helping deliver and create technologies used globally on a daily basis by millions of end users. Within this world class development team, you'll play a pivotal role in delivering projects from requirements to completion. The role The role will report directly to the team lead of project management, but will effectively be a selfmanaged and autonomous role. The role will involve, project planning organisation, execution, monitoring and communicating with external suppliers and customers. You You'll be responsible for the management of multiple projects at one time, leading them from initial customer requirements capture all the way through to completion and deployment. You'll be working closely with the Embedded design and development team to feed back issues and the best way to solve them and complete on time. The Project Manager should have relevant experience in the below fields: Essential Skills Full Project Management Lifecycle DVB/STB Industry Experience Planning, Execution and Closing End to End Deployment Customer Interaction The role of Project Manager offers a great deal of diversity working for a world leader in the digital TV market. As the business develops, there will be opportunities for career progression as the business will require more project managers. If you are interested in the position, looking to further develop you career in project management please forward your CV or call Jack Interviews will be taking place throughout November and December, so please apply as soon as possible. If this project manager role isn't of interest to yourself, but you know of someone who could be, JAM operates a referral scheme. You can earn yourself **** in vouchers for the successful placement of a candidate you give us. JAM is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position.