Title: Web Developer / Application Developer  Graduate
Webindex: 69765545
Company: Live Nation Entertainment
Description: Due to the continued expansion of our Engineering team at Ticketmaster we are looking to hire Graduate Web / Application Developers based in StokeonTrent to assist in the building of our next generation client tools. The successful candidate will have a background in software development working in Microsoft environments. These roles will start in early 2013. The successful candidate will work within one of the development teams supported by senior engineers, architects, functional analysts, program managers, product managers and QA to provide solutions matching the business vision and strategy set by the Product Team and matching the platform technical constraints. Ticketmaster Systems, part of Live Nation Entertainment is the largest live entertainment company in the world, consisting of five businesses: concert promotion and venue operations, sponsorship, ticketing solutions, ecommerce and artist management. Live Nation seeks to innovate and enhance the live entertainment experience for artists and fans: before, during and after the show. Responsibilities Develop and maintain applications to specification. Provide Technical and functional documentation of development projects Demonstrating to other members of the company, changes you and team have made. Working with operational teams to improve stability and performance of products Testing of your own developments and supporting QA through the software development life cycle Assist in creating time/size estimates for projects. Adhere to software development life cycle defined for the development teams. Requirements Skills / Knowledge / Experience Experience of application development Computer science or Technical background (OO design, design patterns, algorithms) Knowledge of C. Knowledge of SQL server and TSQL, understanding of SQL trace, stored procedures and user defined functions Knowledge of CI, unit testing an advantage Understanding of WPF, WCF, SOA, XML an advantage Knowledge of CSS, HTML, HTML5, Javascript, JQuery an advantage Knowledge of Agile methodologies an advantage Knowledge of SVN source control an advantage Knowledge of the Ticketing business an advantage but not essential Behaviours The following attributes determine how the role will be carried out and are required to be a success: Good analytical thinking and problem solving skills Organised and structured in approach to work. Ability to work under own initiative. Ability to accept guidance and be mentored Attention to detail. Works well with a team, contributing to common goals. Good communication skills. Committed to maintain a high level of professionalism and integrity at all times. Willingness to learn new technologies and expand skill set How to apply If your skills and experiences match that of this job description apply here today with a current CV including full employment and education information.