Title: IT Sales Consultant
Webindex: 62701120
Company: Demon Recruitment Group Ltd
Description: You ll be an excellent Telesales Executive a background in IT/AV with a proven track record of Sales and Account Manager. Our client has culture of supporting and caring for their staff and in return look for committed, hard working, ambitious Sales Executives. They are a UK leading specialist with a 20 year reputation in their field delivering high levels of customer service combined with specialist technical support. Their sales team strive to deliver real value and business partnerships to its reseller partners which ultimately drive revenue and profit for both parties. You ll be expected, through a professional approach to selling, to: To develop sales of products and services in line with the overall business plan. Maximise revenues and margin contribution from through professional sales and account management activities. Achieve set monthly budgeted net sales and profit within the assigned reseller account base. Deliver against the agreed business objectives within the annual revenue and profit account plan. Build a strong and sustainable relationship across all relevant areas of the reseller account. Key Objectives: Achieve Sales Target for the financial year Manage forecasting and planning with reseller partners on a regular basis Communicate results and pipeline opportunities to senior management on a regular basis Experience & Competencies: Essential: Excellent track record of account management in AV distribution, OR Excellent track record of account management in IT distribution and demonstrate the ability to adopt the AV technology / market knowledge. Proven success of delivering sustained incremental sales and profit for a sales organisation. Ability and experience to communicate at senior level within resellers. Clear understanding and experience of working within a channel focused environment. Excellent communication and presentation skills Detailed record keeping and strong attention to detail Desirable: Excellent customer service and relationship building skills A strong desire to succeed in a highly competitive environment Act upon own initiative, strong team player A desire to provide the highest quality of service Highly numerate Compensation and Benefits: Competitive basic salary  up to **** basic Unlimited earnings potential 20 days holiday (plus public holidays) accruing at the rate of **** additional day per calendar year to maximum of 25 days Private Health Insurance Employee discount purchase scheme