Title: UNIX Administrator (AIX, Redhat Linux, Solaris, HPUX, IBM pSeries, HP
Webindex: 66608698
Company: Online resourcing
Description: UNIX Administrator (AIX, Redhat Linux, Solaris, HPUX, IBM pSeries, HP) UNIX Administrator (AIX, Redhat Linux, Solaris, HPUX, IBM pSeries, HP) Use your proven track record in UNIX technical support/IT Infrastructure to become Subject Matter Expert for the world leader in Digital Infrastructure Arqiva is a communications infrastructure and media services company spearheading the provision of network solutions and services in the digital world. We provide much of the infrastructure behind television, radio, satellite and wireless communications, both in the UK and globally. Customers include worldrenowned major broadcasters and telco providers, in addition to the UK's five mobile network operators. As UNIX Administrator reporting to the Server Database Manager, your key responsibilities will be to ensure the normal operation of the UNIX infrastructure through provision of proactive and reactive technical support, including specialised advice or consultancy on UNIXrelated issues. This will involve: • representing IT as a subject matter expert for UNIX technologies across Arqiva • the resolution of UNIXrelated incidents and service requests • identifying opportunities for UNIX infrastructure improvement. The UNIX Administrator role will also include driving the full UNIX lifecycle from build and configuration through to test and deployment to reflect designs created by our technology team. So you’ll need to develop a thorough understanding of Arqiva’s IT infrastructure, in addition to participating in the outofhours technical support rota. Qualified to ITIL Foundation and ideally an IBM Certified System Administrator – AIX, you must have a proven track record in technical support or IT Infrastructure, underpinned by exceptional working knowledge of UNIX infrastructure. Your specific knowledge will include: • UNIX operating systems  AIX , Redhat Linux, Solaris, HPUX (in order of preference) • UNIX servers  IBM pSeries, HP, Sun, IBM iSeries (in order of preference) • UNIXrelated industry initiatives. Your experience of server rooms/datacentres and ability to provide consultancy at all levels within Arqiva. With strong allround communication and presentation skills, you’ll be really comfortable in a busy, fastmoving environment and willing to undertake travel throughout the UK. A current driving licence is essential. If this UNIX Administrator role describes you and you can see yourself playing a key role in our organisation in support of our developing technologies, then please click on the apply button below. https://jobs.onlineresourcing.co.uk/jobApplication.aspx?JobID**** This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/UNIXAdministratorAIXRedhatLinuxSolarisHPUXIBMpSeriesHP_job****