Title: Senior Web Architect  Leading Ecommerce Organisation
Webindex: 67946456
Company: Burns Sheehan Limited
Description: Web Architect, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, JQuery, Mobile, SSAS, Agile, Ecommerce, SEO, BDD Leading ecommerce organisation seeks an experienced and creative Web Architect to join their software architecture team to define the future of their clientside development. You will promote the frameworks and best practices that should be adopted as well as provide a progressive direction for the web development teams on projects. Known and loved for their fantastic products and great people, this company have repeatedly paid out an annual bonus and have recently been nominated as one of the best companies to work for in the UK. Responsibilities  Work closely with Creative and User Experience teams to deliver intuitive web experiences  As an advocate of web development you will define and effectively communicate their clientside architecture.  Appraise, select and develop frameworks/libraries to create reusable and robust components to ease development and improve efficiency  Capture and evolve guidelines and best practices for the web developers and ensure they are understood and applied consistently  Work in partnership with serverside development teams to define client/server interfaces and response formats  Work with the test teams to define clientside testing strategy Essential skills and experience  Proven experience heading up web development for a major site and enthusing web development teams to adopt progressive technologies/approaches to their work  In depth knowledge of modern web technologies including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, browser/mobile/platform compatibilities, etc.  Mobile web development; detecting and support device capabilities, optimisations, etc.  Experience implementing datadriven web applications using various integration techniques such as REST (HATEOAS) and JSON  Appraisal and adoption of JavaScript libraries/frameworks (jQuery, Backbone.js, etc.)  Object Oriented, Functional and EventDriven Programming concepts and design patterns  Measuring site performance, optimising web content and JavaScript performance. Experience with caching techniques including CDNs.  Progressive Enhancement and Graceful Degradation.  Solid appreciation of usability concerns and good design. Experience measuring success criteria and using analytics/multivariant tests to support product development  CSS Preprocessors and Grids (SASS, Compass, Susy, etc.)  Responsive design  Semantic web and Search Engine Optimization techniques  Client side unit and featuretesting frameworks (JSUnit, Jasmine, etc.)  Open source contribution Desirable experience:  Web analytics tools and AB / multivariant testing techniques  Content management systems  Serverside JavaScript (node.js, rhino)  Behavioural Driven Development for testing This is a fantastic opportunity to join a great company with a relaxed working environment. All candidates with the above skills and experience should apply now. Burns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds.