Title: IT Systems Developer
Webindex: 69171690
Company: The Futureworks
Description: IT System Development / KEEN Affiliate Fixed term 24 months Salary Circa ****k per annum An enthusiastic, innovative and selfmotivated person is required for a Knowledge Transfer project between Revive and Coventry University. The company: Located in Rugby, West Midlands, Revive is an innovative company that has identified a niche in provision of its services to the fleet/lease market. Growth over the last few years has been strong and forecasts for continued accelerated growth are achievable providing the company's IT infrastructure can support the projected level of transactions. The role:. This KEEN project is an exciting innovative opportunity: you will be working with leading staff members from both Revive and Coventry University to develop and implement their new IT system. This role is a 24 month, fixedterm contract. The Affiliate will be formally employed by Revive Ltd and they will be based at the company premises in Rugby and subject to its employment practices and conditions of work. The person: A recent graduate in Computer Science or a related subject. The successful applicant must have excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate complex concepts to staff at all levels requiring a high standard of both verbal and written English. Candidates need to be good team players and flexible enough to meet fast paced changes in a dynamic business environment. Good interpersonal skills are required as the candidate will in due course be expected to roll out use of new IT systems to Head Office staff and franchisees. In addition they will be required to have technical knowledge in the following three key areas: Systems Analysis, covering the understanding of business process and mapping this using UML tools. Web Application Development covering the configuration of web servers, database manipulation and the development of secure RESTful web services delivering JSON and XML data built on open source frameworks. Mobile Application Development including knowledge of the devices and technology as well as the ability to develop effective, robust native mobile apps on iOS and ideally Android platforms. S/he must be a highly motivated individual and able to demonstrate a capacity for analytical innovative thinking. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITSystemsDeveloper_job****