Title: Java Developer  Interactive Online Entertainment
Webindex: 68361363
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Java Developer  Interactive Online Entertainment Skills: Java, JavaScript, Groovy, Grails, Ruby, HTM5, CSS3, Vanilla, Spring MVC, NoSQL, MongoDB, Agile, XP, Pair Programming, TDD, BDD, Scrum, Kanban, OOP My client, a leading digital media company, (widely accredited as one of the UK's top Agile houses), is building a team of versatile Software Engineers to work on their innovative new product, a revolutionary TV streaming service direct to your TV, Mobile, Tablet Games console. They are seeking talented developers who are specialised in Java but, in general, technically agnostic happy to code in whatever language it takes to get the job done. Applicants will have a technical skill set spanning: Java (Object Orientated Programming), Groovy, Grails, Ruby HTML 5, CSS 3, Vanilla Javascript Frameworks (Not just jQuery) NoSQL Technologies (preferably MongoDB) Spring Core, Spring MVC, MVC Design Pattern RESTful web services (JSON / XML) Agile Best Practices (Scrum / Kanban), TDD (Jasmine, QUnit/JUnit) and BDD, Continuous Integration (Hudson preferably) Bash Scripting Spock Framework SOAP Successful applicants will be invited inhouse to a halfday assessment, where you'll get to meet the team, see the work environment, find out more about the projects you'll be working on. You will get the opportunity to work alongside exceptional talents in a Pair Programming/XP environment to fast track your personal development. Products are frequently released so your work is being put to immediate use with millions of users internationally. Benefits bonuses are excellent for the right candidate. Put simply, if you are a talented Java Developer who is looking for the next step in their career wish to work in an advanced technical environment then please send your CV to me, Jon Salter, at Aston Carter for more information. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JavaDeveloperInteractiveOnlineEntertainment_job****