Title: SECURITY ANALYST  Glasgow
Webindex: 71593889
Company: SmartSourcing plc
Description: Security Analyst,CISSP, SSCP, CEH, CFHI, CCSP, GIAC. UNIX, Windows, LAN/WAN, IDS/IPS, Firewalls, web serve rs. Based in Glasgow, the successful candidate will be responsible for:  Deploying Technical Security Delivery  Developing, mainting and promoting technical ICT security procedures, in association with local ICT teams  Acting as a point of contact for IT security matters.  Providing advice on security issues.  Contributing to security management processes  Coordinating the use of external suppliers to provide security support, consultancy and services for security.  Monitoring the announced security vulnerabilities applicable to both IT infrastructure and/or software development platforms; assess the impact of such vulnerabilities and work with ICT to coordinate appropriate remedial actions. Applicants should be able to demonstrate the following skil ls:  One or more relevant professional certifications, eg CISSP, SSCP, CEH, CFHI, CCSP, GIAC.  Certified in ITIL V**** or experience operating within a formal changecontrolled environment.  Experience in an ICT infrastructure operations capacity (UNIX, Windows, LAN/WAN, IDS/IPS, Firewalls, web Servers, etc), ideally within financial services environment.  Indepth understanding of IT Security concepts (threats, vulnerabilities, countermeasures, risk management etc)  Excellent knowledge of current IT security standards.  A proven track record of analysis of requirements and implementing solutions to security requirements.  Experience in developing and/or reviewing ICT technical documentation. Knowledge of IT security technologies such as:  Cryptography  Security and Information Management Systems (SIEM)  Identity and access management systems (IAM)  Single and multi factor authentication systems  Firewalls  Network access control systems  Web and email security systems  Antivirus systems  Intrusion detection and prevention systems  Vulnerability assessment and management systems  Change and configuration assessment systems SmartSourcing provides services as an Employment Agency and welcomes applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of age, race, religion, disability, age, gender or sexual orientation.