Title: Strategic Head of ICT Define & Implement a global ICT Strategy
Webindex: 71336178
Company: Oasis James
Description: Strategic Head of ICT Define Implement a global ICT Strategy. Strategic Head of ICT is required to join a global Engineering and Risk Management Company on a 12 month fixed term contract. Ideally you will be based SW London, Middlesex or Surrey as their Head Office is located in the Twickenham area, but there are opportunities to work from home. As the Strategic Head of ICT you will be responsible for evaluating the Groups current technology model, which consists of **** operating companies with offices in **** locations worldwide, all managing their IT independently. As the Strategic Head of ICT your job will be to design a new ICT strategy and define the direction of my client's information systems (applications, operating systems and hardware) across the groups operating companies, providing governance and a new ICT Roadmap that will ensure the delivery of this new ICT strategy. Opportunities to go Permanent after 12 months and manage the implementation of their New ICT strategy and or manage the new ICT team, As the Strategic Head of ICT you will be advising a wide range of people from Executive Management Board members to various IT head's and MD's within the individual operating companies, on all ICT related matters. You will have a proven background in developing implementing ICT change strategies, ideally across a group of companies. You will have key skills in the following areas: Previous experience of the successful compilation and execution of company ICT strategies that have contributed to business effectiveness efficiency Experience in IS/IT at the Clevel to implement strategy Experience of enterprise wide solutions In depth knowledge and practical experience of current hardware, applications and the software development life cycle; cloud computing, IT Security and implementation projects Experience of working in a multinational/global business and experience of working with those from different cultural backgrounds Strategic thinker with highly competent influencing and communication skills Able to use tact and diplomacy to engender respect Degree in an IS/IT related subject or considerable senior experience Chartered BCS status is desirable Appreciation of security ICT requirements with Government agencies (egMOD) Experience of managing technical staff My client can pay up to **** p.a.  Benefits, depending on experience, on a 12 month fixed term contract. So don't miss this one, send your CV today. Oasis James is a specialist recruitment consultancy focusing on the Microsoft, Virtualisation Cloud space. For more information on Oasis James including interview tips and other ways that we can help you please visit our website.