Title: C NET ASPNET Senior Developer, Consultant eCommerce and enterprise
Webindex: 72161480
Company: Career Concept Ltd
Description: C .NET ASP.NET Senior Developer, Consultant, Software Engineer. Tech stack used: VS2010 MVC, Entity, WCF, CMS products Sitecore, Episerver and more. Open source Ruby, Groovy has also been utilised. Agile Technology Solutions Consultancy. Working with Blue Chip and Large companies. Projects are enterprise level eCommerce and CMS driven systems. They've built price comparison sites, Ecommerce sites which expect massive peak loads and need to integrate 'Real Time' with various business services, CMS systems which run as the Intranet, Extranet and Internet, eCommerce platform which delivers a range of white labelled websites  and a lot more. Development work is based in their City office (not on client site) and you will work on full cycle development projects (rather than being a resource to maintain code) The company is founded by technologists and has always taken a Software Engineering approach to development. Every project follows good practice in OO design and programming. All Developers employed are talented technologists with the ability to take project ownership. All Developers have strong communication skills and can interface with clients. There are opportunities to progress quickly and take on greater project responsibility. You will always be involved in systems design and architecture, interfacing with clients to discuss requirements, prototypes etc. R D of new technology Skills required: 4 years  as an OO Analyst Programmer with strong skills using C .NET ASP.NET Excellent understanding of good class design and architecture, good programming practice Understanding of enterprise architecture and systems. ie distributed databases, SOA driven environments Desirable skills: Built large scale Web or eCommerce solutions Utilised CMS products Sitecore, Episerver, Umbraco etc HTML5 CSS3 Javascript Responsive design Used or has interest in technologies outside Microsoft Ruby, Groovy, JAVA, NoSQL, CouchDB, Mobile apps Spread of frameworks and tools MVC, LINQ, nHibernate, Telerik, AJAX/JavaScript/CSS, SQL SERVER, RESTful, WCF, WPF, Silverlight, Unit testing, Selenium, TDD