Title: Head of Client Services  London
Webindex: 72300636
Company: MBN Recruitment Solutions Ltd/joshua
Description: My client a leading analytics consultancy based London are looking for a Head of Client services to join their team. Responsibilities: The following list is not exhaustive, and reflects some of the tasks that are part of the Head of Client Solutions role: Manage the Client Solution&rsquos team, assessing development and training needs, providing mentoring and setting a clear direction with team and individual objectives and accountabilities. Work with client&****s and internal teams to ensure Solution Design meets the Client&rsquos customer strategies and business requirements and the best possible solutions are being proposed and implemented. Assess client priorities and project manage the delivery to be relevant, accurate, timely and profitable. Ensure the ongoing production cycle and maintenance of the Solution is effective and error free. Continuous development and improvement of the Solutions delivery process creating efficiencies, standards, procedures and automation wherever possible. Ensure the release management process for ongoing delivery of the Shopper Centre suites is flawless and efficient. Ensure the team adhere to Solution Delivery best practice&ndash including robust QA process, audit trails through detailed documentation, delivery process flows, change management, etc. Play an active role in the Senior Management Team, setting and implementing business strategies. Requirements: Previous experience of managing a diverse team across a number of disciplines a must. A proven track record of excellent project management and organisational skills. Experience in delivering data/ database/ application solutions across a variety of clients and industries. Knowledge of data modelling, ETL processes, production, Oracle databases, SQL, application design or campaign processing a big advantage. General Character Requirements: Mature, credible, positive team player with a focus on quality delivery. Must be an effective communicator with excellent interpersonal skills. Must demonstrate good organisational, project management and time management skills. Travel Requirements: Able to work extended hours on occasions when required. Short term travel may be required. APPLY TODAY