Title: Software Dependability (Safety) Lead
Webindex: 69018475
Company: Mass Consultants Ltd
Description: Software Dependability (Safety) Lead: World class Defence Organisation based in Bristol is currently looking to expand their Software Engineering Department to cope with current and future programme demands and as a result there is a vacancy for an experienced Software Dependability (Safety) Lead. Please Note: you must be able to gain SC (Secret Level) Security Clearance if you re not already cleared to that level. The salary on offer is approx ****k  ****k and comes with great benefits. Software Dependability Lead Job Description: To act as the specialist technical lead and initial point of contact to projects at National level (including some with International involvement) covering aspects of: Software Dependability (including safety, security, reliability) and its development approach; Transversal functional interaction with other skill areas; To develop and promote software capabilities and expertise in all areas of software dependability. To champion the achievement of software dependability excellence internally, externally and internationally Programme Delivery: Provide technical leadership on software dependability activities including advice on their impact on software architectures to promote robust Product Development: Provide technical leadership in the production of sound and effective dependability arguments. Support the definition of Generic Architectures for use across products by championing Dependability considerations. Competitiveness: Collaborate in definition and maintenance of software technical strategy and policies; and champion their adoption in areas of software dependability. Identify opportunities to develop Team Working: Provide technical leadership and motivation concerning software dependability to software teams working to produce products. Provide effective feedback to influence technical solutions. Internationalisation: Provide technical support and collaborate on the convergence of international processes and practices in the area of software dependability. Communication: Promote software capability International harmonisation on software dependability Cost savings generated on projects through more effective approach to dependability Approach to software dependability meets the needs of the future challenges of the business Experience: At least degree qualified. Knowledge and expertise in dependability engineering Experience in developing complex systems Good communication and interpersonal skills Willingness for transversal knowledge exploitation Emerging cross cultural sensitivity Problem solving Strategic thinking