Title: Mobile Applications Developer
Webindex: 58532963
Company: Migration
Description: Mobile Applications Developer, Permanent, Stockport Mobile Applications Developer Job Type: Permanent Pay: Competitive  Benefits Location: Stockport An excellent opportunity has arisen for you to join a highly reputable leading organisation, working within their exceedingly successful Development Team in an exceedingly technical and challenging environment. You will lead the design, development and maintenance of Android, iPhone and iPad applications from concept stage until delivery and post launch support. You will need to be the main drive in their mobile strategy. Your main responsibilities will include acting as lead iOS and Android developer, working closely with other developers leading the other platform development to conceptualise, build, test and realise products. You will be expected to deliver across the entire application life cycle concept, design, build, deploy, test, release to application stores and support. You should gather requirements around functionality and translate those requirements into elegant functional solutions and build prototypes at scoping stage of projects. Standardising the platform and in some cases apps to deliver across multiple brands with minimal duplication of effort is expected. You are also expected to keep up to date on the latest industry trends in mobile technologies and design, explain technologies and solutions to technical and nontechnical stakeholders and attend industry events/conferences. Please apply if you have strong ObjectOrientatedDesign and programming skills in ObjectiveC. Experience with iOS, SDK (UIKit, Cocoa Touch, Core Data, Core Location, etc) and xcode. You must have proven commercial software development experience and published examples of mobile applications on the App store or the Android market. An excellent knowledge in information architecture, human computer interaction and usability design principles. Proven ability in delivering successful consumer and/or business products. You must have the ability to use analytic data and user testing to inform design decision and excellent testing/ QA skills. Desirable skills include: Android  Strong OO design and programming skills in Java (J2EE/ J2ME) Experience with the Android SDK Knowledge of SQLite, MySQL or similar database management system Familiar with Eclipse Experience on web service integration (SOAP, REST, JSON, XML) Experience of development using web technologies Good understanding of OO programming and design patterns Good understanding of HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax and PHP Experience building web and native apps Experience using social media APIs Using version control (e.g. SVN) Excellent debugging and optimisation skills Professional communication skills, both written and verbal are a must and although you will be working in a strong, established team, you will also bear the ability to work autonomously. A Degree in the relevant subject and relevant specialist browser based Design skills and knowledge of browser based development processes gained through formal training is needed. This role offers an excellent opportunity to work and develop with an excellent organisation and in return for your hard work and dedication; you will be rewarded with an attractive remuneration package. The benefits offered with this role are 25 days holidays, Flexible hours, Company Pension, Life Assurance, Health Insurance etcHays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T&C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at 