Title: Avaya/Verint Service Delivery Manager Midlands/central England
Webindex: 72127402
Company: FT Select
Description: Avaya/Verint Service Delivery Manager  Midlands/central England, home based Avaya/Verint Service Delivery Manager, home based, required for our IT services client who recruiting for a Service Delivery Manager with good knowledge of Contact Centres in a service delivery capacity with specific technical experience of Avaya products and Call Recording . Avaya/Verint Service Delivery Manager's must e xperience of working for an IT services company with responsibility for delivering IT services to a client working to strict SLAs is essential. This Avaya/Verint Service Delivery Manager role is responsible for managing the support services contracted by a client and building a long team relationship between the support team and the client. Key responsibilities/accountabilities will include : Avaya/Verint Service Delivery Manager is acting as the primary point of contact for clients with any service issue escalations. Managing the delivery of contracted services to clients to ensure that SLAs (service level agreements) and KPI (key performance indicators) as defined in the relevant contracts are met or exceeded. Delivering major Incident, change and problem management services, ensuring that operational teams and subcontractors have a clear understanding of the clients’ requirements. Building and maintaining strong client relationships. Designated as first point of contact for any service issues raised by the client or internally. Manage the relationship with key stakeholders on the client site including but not limited to IT Managers, Operations Managers, Project Managers and IT staff. Delivers Monthly Service Reports against SLAs for the client. Support Project Managers in driving projects relevant to the client. Support the Account Manager in driving the relationship and on commercial opportunities/issues. Process design, development and documentation. Maintains an inventory/topology of the supported estate, and a clear understanding of the client’s operations and how the supported technology is integrated. Responsible for the contracted break/fix maintenance service to the client which involves coordinating internal technical resources and liaising with the Support Centre. Manage additional small orders and work requests. Ensures clients are charged for any additional services whilst maintaining the client’s perception of quality and value. Acts as the focal point for the clients’ onsite technical resource (if applicable) to include performance management, company meetings and escalations. Assist/lead the troubleshooting for critical or long standing issues. Delivers the Service following ITIL based processes. Required Skills, Knowledge and Experience: Proven capability and experience as a SDM working with clients on site, likely to have at least 6 years experience. Proven knowledge and exposure to delivering a support services / managed service to a large contact centre environment. Solid technical knowledge of contact centre infrastructure likely to have been gained from an ‘apprenticeship’ in a number of technical roles within contact centre infrastructure environments. Excellent working knowledge of the ITIL framework in a managed service environment.  Solid exposure to technical support services. Experience of/exposure to supporting some of the following solutions on client sites: Avaya products or equivalent  Verint products or equivalent  Nuance products or equivalent  Computer Telephony Integration.  Previous matrix management and people management experience, understanding of what it takes to manage people across different departments internally, and direct reports on several sites.  Able to challenge clients firmly but politely.  Good spoken and written English: able to explain issues clearly and in detail.  Excellent attention to detail and accuracy.  Good documentation management.  Excellent organisational abilities.  Full UK driving licence Competencies Business Understanding: interprets internal/external business issues and recommended best practice in own discipline. Understands the Contact Centre market:  Costs profitability: aware of profitability needs.  Attention to detail: methodical and ensures that all tasks undertaken are completed with accuracy.  Flexibility: works flexibly as required and replans work in response to emerging needs.  Problem solving: finds any underlying issue and takes corrective action with consideration for ITIL and processes.  Planning Organising: Manages own time to meet agreed targets.  Communication: explains requirements/deliverables to a variety of audiences and ensures meaning is understood.  Management/Teamwork: ability to work with other practices and direct team resources. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/AvayaVerintServiceDeliveryManagerMidlandscentralEngland_job****