Title: Relationship Director  Education, Healthcare & Public Sector
Webindex: 71947425
Company: Santander
Description: Join Santander and you’ll become a vital part of a business built on the outstanding service provided to our customers, as well as the awardwinning products we offer. We’re one of the fastest growing banks in the UK and that is down to our people. And we recognise that as we help you develop your career you’ll be doing the same for our business. Santander UKThe Santander Group has more than 150 years’ experience in global banking and more branches worldwide than any other international bank. We are well on the way to repeating this success in the UK, having been recognised as one the “Top Employers in the UK” in 2012 by the Corporate Research Foundation (CRF) Institute.About Santander Corporate Commercial & Business BankingHere at Santander Corporate Commercial & Business Banking our goal is to be the most customerfo cused banking partner in the UK. Our values are built on the principles of relationship management, to provide credibility and the consistent level of support and advice that our customers need. We’re very much growth focused and we’re looking for people who’ll reflect this, thriving on the challenge of working for a growing business and being comfortable operating in an entrepreneurial environment. We’ll achieve all of this with the backing and support of one of the world’s most successful banking groups. This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing Commercial Banking team within Santander, covering the Yorkshire region and based out of a regional business centre within the Yorkshire patch (Leeds, Sheffield, Doncaster, and York with more business centres to come in 2013).You will join a specialist Public Finance and Infrastructure team, working closely with Commercial Investment and Development Clients to structure funding that meets their needs.This will suit a candidate with strong experience supporting complex, specialised customers within this sector for the Yorkshire region, we will consider candidates with a specialist focus in either Education, Healthcare or Public Sector. This role will have a strong business development focus, supported by a small existing portfolio and offers excellent development opportunities.As a Relationship Director your skills and qualifications will ideally include:•A proven track record in Relationship Management within the Education, Healthcare or Public Sector arena, including advanced negotiating skills.•Strong business development skills with broad market knowledge and presence. •Sound Risk Management and Financial Analysis skills. This will include the ability to write high quality credit reports incorporating detailed credit analysis and a high level of technical knowledge. An ability to present a well thought through proposal at Credit Committee will be essential in this role.•Substantial experience as a principal lender to Education, Healthcare or Public Sector companies with turnover of roughly 2.525 million and in driving the credit analysis for such transactions. •Demonstrable track record of delivering sustainable income streams on both sides of the Balance Sheet and exceeding targets. •ACIB or IFS Qualification preferable.As a Relationship Director your main responsibilities will involve:•Originating new customer relationships for the core product set of assets (Lending and fees), liability (Deposits), cross sales (banking fees and cross sales products), treasury income (treasury products).•The ongoing Relationship Management of those new customer relationships including developing those relationships, identifying cross sales opportunities and to introduce relevant Product Partners to meet customer needs. •Meeting targets for profit, credit quality, new customers, crosssales, customer satisfaction, and retention. •Building the individual profile as well as the profile of Santander Corporate Banking through proactive marketing activity in the Professional and Business Community.•Provide exceptional customer service to internal and external customers, improving customer satisf action to achieve divisional goals to significantly increase market share.