Title: Escalation Engineer
Webindex: 70223426
Company: Concentrix
Description: This is an exciting role for someone who wants to further their career in a technical environment. You will be responsible for assisting and working with a technical team, investigating and resolving escalated customer issues. Duties and responsibilities Verification and replication of technical issues in the lab. Documentation of possible solutions. Creation of lab document with detail problem description and steps to replicate. Contact of customers by phone/Email to collect information about reported issues. Participate in regular meetings with Customer assurance team and TAC technical leaders. Interface with local TAC teams. Essential criteria: CCNA/CCNP preferred. Fluency in written and spoken English Excellent communication skills both written and verbal Good knowledge of IP networking. Good knowledge of windows and Apple OS. Excellent knowledge of consumer products. Good experience in troubleshooting of consumer network environments. Knowledge of troubleshooting tools: Packet captures ( Wireshark), performance tools (Iperf), VLC ( unicast/ multicast Video streaming), Windows( DHCP Server, PPTP server), Ping tool for connectivity testing and traceroute tool. Knowledge of DHCP protocol. Knowledge of wireless technologies, wireless securities. Knowledge of DSL technologies, DSL modulations and PPPoE protocol. Knowledge of Home Media protocols: Upnp. Knowledge of video streaming and video Codec’s: HD, Avi, Mpeg and H.****nowledge of storage: folders/file sharing, users right with Cisco Routers/Gateways. Autonomous worker with team spirit. Eager to learn Outofthebox thinker Able to take initiative and drive change Desirable criteria: Second European language SALARY: TBC HOURS OF WORK 40 hours per week on a rotational shift pattern from Monday to Sunday ****a.m – ****p.m Your operational hours may be subject to change due to operational requirements. The nature of your employment is such that you will work whatever hours may be necessary to fulfill the duties of your post.