Title: Junior IT Security Consultant
Webindex: 70782522
Company: Experis IT
Description: Junior Information Security Consultant  London **** **** This is a fantastic opportunity for a graduate (or equivalent) to join a fast growing information security consultancy. The successful candidate will be exposed to the client business model and technologies with a view to becoming a full security consultant within 2 years. Responsibilities As a technical consultant you will provide support and advice to clients, potential clients and internal users. You will gradually take on the responsibilities of a junior consultant by working on assignments with other members of the team on onsite delivery and presales engagements. Maintain and support internal systems and procedures to ensure functionality for all users. Respond to a follow up on support enquiries by email, web, telephone and onsite visits. Work alongside consultants in order to gain an understanding of traditional consultancy projects Project Management of assignments; ensuring ontime delivery. Effective time management of ones own time. Effective quality control of ones own work. Monitor and report on activities and provide relevant management information. Carry out research into the security market and keep up to date with relevant information. Liaise and attend meetings with other company functions necessary to perform duties and aid business and organisational development. Maintain and develop existing and new customers through planned individual account support, and liaison with internal staff. Attend training and to develop relevant knowledge and skills. Develop customer facing consulting skills, such as running meetings, delivering presentations and preparing high quality written work. Responsible for coordinating the support desk rota and ensuring 1st line support is covered from 9am  ****:30pm every weekday. Requirements 1 year experience on a service desk/ helpdesk Basic Networking Knowledge (CCNA would be beneficial The role requires the employee to maintain and develop relevant skills and capability as defined by the line manager. The employee will be required to undertake training and obtain qualifications as agreed with the line manager and in line with the current business issues. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/JuniorITSecurityConsultant_job****