Title: Telecommunications Operations Manager/IP/Financial Services
Webindex: 68495136
Company: Robert Walters
Description: Telecommunications Operations Manager/Carrier/IP/Financial Services Working for this leading Financial Services client you'll be responsible for providing 2nd level service escalation and provisioning and installation assistance related to all network connectivity failures. Specific Responsibilities will include:  Escalation point for all circuit related issues, where the standard procedures have been unable to resolve.  Own all circuit related issues raised, ensuring that action plans are in place and progress to resolution is tracked and reported.  Provide action plans for investigation strategies for complex circuit delivery issues.  Work with the Telecom Administration and Solutioning teams as technical authority for circuit solutioning.  Work with Global Technical Command Centre to enhance existing circuit related procedures.  Work closely with GTCC to ensure that action plans are followed and reported upon.  Work closely with Regional Telecommunications Manager in Asia and GTCC to ensure progress on circuit issues follows the Sun rather than waits for the next business day.  Creation of regular and adhoc reports as required. To be considered you'll require:  Demonstrate strong ability to negotiate and manage telco carriers in fault isolation and escalation process.  Good understanding of various carrier transmission technologies such as: Clear Channel service, MPLS, ATM, Frame Relay. Knowledge of the core transmission fabric such as SDH/SONET/DWDM/Ethernet would be an added advantage.  Knowledge of global telecommunication submarine cable routes and diversity plan.  Basic understanding of IP network architecture and routing protocols. Preference will be given to those with practical experience.  Experience in Telecommunications troubleshooting and analysis.  Min 5 years experience in coordinating with carriers. Experience of working in a carrier organisation and be familiar with carrier service setup would be a distinct advantage.  Experience working in a multinational environment and prepared to be flexible working during different time zones.  Experience with field related office/data center Break/Fix and IMAC operations.  Experience developing business processes, procedures and related documentation.  Incident management experience  IT Project Management experience. If you would like to apply for the role of Telecommunications Operations Manager/Carrier/IP/Financial Services or find out more, please apply online or contact Nick Causer at Robert Walters or call quoting the reference .