Title: Technical Solutions Architect  Coventry
Webindex: 72372827
Company: Optimum IT
Description: Technical Solutions Architect  Coventry Technical Solutions Architect/Systems Architect/Design Architect/Technical Architect Description Our client, a leading Financial Services organization is currently recruiting for an experienced Technical Solutions Architect to join their team based in Coventry. Overall Job Purpose Creates technology solutions to meet business requirements, in line IT Strategies and Architectures. Responsible for small or lowercomplexity requests or works in support of more experienced Solutions Architect on larger or more complex initiatives Provides input to the development of systems strategy and plan for the supported business area. Key Accountabilities Solutions Development Creates technology solutions at an initial level of detail, to meet business requirements for small to medium scale in line with IT Strategies and Architectures: o Adding clarity to business requirements, o Translating business requirements into functional and non functional requirements, o Supporting project definition, o Helping to identify common or duplicative needs across the business Challenges business requirements and demands to ensure high quality solutions are created and considered Applies innovative thinking to support the business in delivering its strategic objectives rather than just responding to a predefined request Supports effective transition of the Solution into the delivery supply chain. Via oversight, maintains ownership of the design throughout the development process. Supports technology wide design architecture development and governance activities. Maintains detailed awareness of, takes fully into account as necessary, and promotes throughout the organisation, any relevant statutory, internal or external regulations, standards and codes of good practice. Contributes as appropriate to the definition of such regulations, standards and codes. Maintains knowledge of relevant technical specialisms at the highest level Keeps in close touch with, and contributes to current developments in the technical specialism across the business Takes responsibility for architectural adherence, quality standards and policies. Actively contributes to the development and promotion of Banking Technology. Strategy Development Supports the creation of an appropriate IT Strategy for the relevant business area. Supports the Medium Term Planning process to ensure interdependencies are understood and that the proposed plan is viable. Provides input to the relevant business strategy to maximise the effective use of technology. Person Specification Working knowledge and expertise of specific technical platforms Can describe existing technology infrastructure within own functional/departmental scope. Has good general Banking knowledge Has experience with standard methods, tools and techniques for functional requirements analysis. Has a working knowledge of one or more of the development phases, and an understanding of the overall development process. Understands basic concepts of Service Delivery Service Support Has a working knowledge of the key issues in implementing security systems. Can describe the main hardware, software and telecommunications components and understands their interactions. Has estimated, planned and organised own tasks using project management tools and in collaboration with other streams; Has documented and analysed alternative IT and operational solutions, risks and benefits, and obtained decision on resolution Understands different project methodologies, project life cycles, major phases, dependencies and milestones within a project, and the required documentation needs; Knows the objectives, initiatives and issues of HR and finance departments, and the relevant regulatory agencies and regulations This is an excellent opportunity to work with a leading financial services organisation.