Title: Protection Control Manager
Webindex: 68839269
Company: Electus Recruitment Solutions Limited
Description: Protection & Control Manager  Substation, HV, EHV, Protection, Control, Power System, P&C, Project Manager, Electrical Engineer, Design, Technical Specifications, Design Reviews, Tenders. Croydon, South London area. Permanent ****k ****k per annum plus generous Car Allowance, pension etc. Required ASAP. Our client is a world class manufacturer of Electrical Substation Equipment, providing EHV Equipment and Engineering Solutions to the Power Transmission sector. Protection & Control Manager  Substation, HV, EHV, Protection, Control, Power System, P&C, Project Manager, Electrical Engineer, Design, Technical Specifications, Design Reviews, Tenders. They are seeking a Protection & Control Manager to manage a team, delivering the HV Substation project portfolio for National Grid high voltage power transmission networks. Duties will include:Manage a department consisting of Power System Protection and Control (P&C) Engineers and CAD P&C scheme Designers to deliver a portfolio of Power System Transmission and Distribution projects on time and within budget. The department is responsible for engineering the secondary interface between the primary plant, protection panels, DC, AC, telecommunications and other ancillary systems. Produce an agreed resource and recruitment plan in line with projects' requirements. Recruit, retain and develop competent engineers. Allocation of competent Lead P&C Design Engineers, P&C Engineers, and P&C CAD Scheme Designers to Projects. Coordination with other managers, project managers and technical managers. Ensure that all engineering work carried out is of a consistently high quality and it fit for purpose. Ensure that company Standards and departmental procedures are adhered to. Improve company Standards and departmental procedures when required. Implement customer specific quality plans when required to ensure compliance with customer's standards and procedures. Identify areas of improvement in quality of deliverables. Prepare and implement design standards, procedures, processes for the department including drawing and document control. Contribute to the delivery of competitive tenders by compiling manpower estimates or by supervising the compilation of manpower estimates by the P&C engineers. Provide a clear definition of the P&C element of the scope of work for tender. Manage the development of the P&C element of the bill of quantities (BOQ) for each tender. Develop methodologies and procedures for accurately estimating manpower requirements for projects. To be considered for this role, you will need to be suitably qualified, ideally to HND/Degree level or equivalent in a relevant engineering subject, with extensive previous experience in the management of HV substation design projects/teams, including Protection & Control systems. Key Words: Protection & Control Manager, Substation, HV, EHV, Protection, Control, Power System, P&C, Project Manager, Electrical Engineer, Design, Technical Specifications, Design Reviews, Tenders. This is a PERMANENT position. Electus Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.