Title: Bbits  Apprentice Developer  Liverpool
Webindex: 72445284
Company: QA Apprenticeships
Description: Bbits delivers world class Mobile apps and internet services for a range of customers. We're growing quickly – and are looking for bright candidate s to join us in our next growth phase Job Overview: Bbits is really excited about recruiting for these new roles. Working in a small team, this role offers a great opportunity into the world of IT. Bbits delivers world class Mobile apps and internet services for a range of customers. We're looking for bright candidates with an interest in IT. You will be involved in testing and developing new Mobile apps and web services for our customers. This might start with testing – acting like an end user to make sure the programme acts as it should do. Ultimately you'll be writing your own code to complete tasks. From day **** you'll be involved in helping us test new apps, and ensure that everything is working as it should do. There is a structured development plan in place to ensure you gain the skills and experience you need. As you gain skills, you'll progress to support existing implementations, and to show off your new programming skills to develop new web services and web apps. It's challenging and exciting – you'll have a great feeling when you've played your part in overcoming a tricky problem. Many of the Mobile Phone apps we produce are used by the public – so at the end of the day you get to show your friends and family the results of what you do. So, if you're interested in IT and think you have great potential we'd love to hear from you. Special Requirements: Genuine interest in IT. Inquisitive, friendly, determined. Good problem solving skills. Flexible. Strong analytical skills. Training to be provided :  Microsoft Technology Associate in Software Development Fundamentals (MTA)  City Guilds Certificate in IT Systems and Principles  City Guilds Level 3 Diploma in IT Professional Competence Qualifications Required: You must have **** GSCE’s (C and above) – Maths, English and Science is a must. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BbitsApprenticeDeveloperLiverpool_job****