Title: Senior Infrastructure Project Manager  IT Data Centre
Webindex: 69545780
Company: The Bridge Ltd
Description: Senior Infrastructure Project Manager  IT Data Centre Leading client has a new opening (and is looking for a quick turnaround) for an experienced Senior Project Manager with a strong Infrastructure and Data Centre background. OVERALL PURPOSE OF THE ROLE  To oversee and complete the daily operations of the European Data Centre managing the implementation of hardware and capacity planning and facilitating system design(s) for Data Centres. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  Act as the single point of contact with data centre vendor for capacity, design, implementation and support issues.  Facilitate hardware build review with UNIX, Windows, BASIS, Global Apps, and Networking. Responsible for successful/timely implementation of hardware to support applications and/or project requirements.  Work with the Systems Monitoring Shared Services Owner during the hardware build process to ensure that required alerts are defined for monitoring purposes Manage (facilities and technical) capacity of the data centre and the supporting applications/server/network infrastructure. Deliver monthly reports, and recommend remediation solutions.  Works with Operations and Development teams to coordinate systemwide updates and installing upgrades and patches for systems  Contribute to the development and documentation of clients Data Centre standards as well as recommendations for application architectures  Document all data centre architecture  Responsible for audit compliance.  Performs configuration, change and cable management and testing activities as required  Ensure changes are reflected in the CMDB at the point of or after successful implementation.  Consults users/support on technology changes that will impact data centre operations / services contained within.  Gather, develop, document, and communicate best Data Centre Operations administrative practices and bring into operation following due process  Develop and enforce guidelines for working practices in both the Primary and Secondary European Data Centres.  Participate in High Availability (HA)/ Disaster Recovery (DR) designs and testing together with local Cluster HA / DR leads responsible  Ensure Data Centre security and entry processes are adhered to.  Adherence to Co Location Suppliers Standard Operating Practices (SOPs)  Establish and build relationships with **** rd party Co Location provider  Work closely with Facilities to ensure that facilities maintenance schedules are in place and conducted on regular basis, that regular load tests are performed on our Generators, UPS’, Heat exchange plant,  Understanding and maintaining the EDC**** and **** designs including addition and changes to infrastructure, cabling, racks and HVAC.  Responsible for orchestrating the invocation and fail back of Disaster Recovery processes in conjunction with the BCP team. Please send CV for further information and for interviews week commencing the 28th of Jan. Key Words: PM / Project Manager / Data Centre Project Manager / Infrastructure. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SeniorInfrastructureProjectManagerITDataCentre_job****