Title: SENIOR WEB SOFTWARE ENGINEER, BRISTOL
Webindex: 63858747
Company: Hot Recruitment Consultants
Description: Senior Web Software Engineer, Bristol: Our client creates eLearning and mLearning platforms for some of the largest and most innovative companies in the world and an excellent opportunity has arisen for a Senior Web Software Engineer to be based at their Head Office just north of Bristol. Are you a Software Engineer with indepth knowledge and experience of building sophisticated Web applications? If so, we want to hear from you. THE ROLE This exciting role of Senior Web Software Engineer will enable you to participate in the development of the next generation of learning technology tools and SaaS applications. Responsibilities:  Design and develop SaaS based learning technology solutions.  Work within the wider software development team to help develop systems that meet rapidly evolving business requirements.  Work with and mentor other team members. KEY SKILLS For this role of Senior Web Software Engineer, we are looking for the following skills:  Proven knowledge of Web software development practices.  Distributed Web application design patterns.  In depth knowledge of HTML5, JavaScript and CSS3.  ASP.NET and MVC3/****  LINQ.  C.  Agile (SCRUM based) software development.  You will be the type of person to keep your skill set current and will be familiar with modern, responsive Web design techniques. Desirable:  A creative ability, with effective user experience (UX) and user interface design skills.  Degree educated in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field. Location: Our client’s attractive offices are just north of Bristol with stunning views of the Cotswolds. To apply for this role you must be within easy commuting distance and have a full driving licence and your own transport. THE PACKAGE Our client offers a comprehensive benefits package that you would expect from a worldclass employer. This includes a competitive salary (in the range ****K depending on experience), profit related bonus, pension, medical plan, share options, generous paid vacation and career growth opportunities. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of Senior Web Software Engineer will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you Senior, Web, Development, Software, Engineer, HTML5, JavaScript and CSS3,