Title: Senior NET Developer ndash; ASPNET MVC / C / WCF / SQL  Crawley
Webindex: 67211711
Description: Senior .NET Developer  ASP.NET MVC / C / WCF / SQL Server 2012  Crawley If you have strong experience in ASP.NET MVC and are, or want to be, a Leader  Then this could be the role for you Key Skills:  ASP.NET MVC Framework  C  SQL Server 2010 / 2012  Ability to lead by example  Deliver Flexible, Scalable and Reliable Applications  Flexible with technologies and development languages as required  Such as PHP, Drupal, Java/Android SDK, ObjectiveC/iOS SDK  Git / Jira Candidate; You will have had strong commercial experience as a .NET Developer, ideally coming from a Senior and/or Lead position  Some managerial experience therefore is advantageous. You will have a keen passion in .NET, specifically ASP.NET MVC / C. There is an abundance of projects that you will immediately be involved in and you will be working along side an extremely talented and professional Development Manager. Bouncing ideas, approaches and future developments off each other as you continue to drive the business forward. The role: If you relish working on .NET Web and Digital projects and are enthusiastic about all things Digital then this is the ideal role for you. You will be focusing on delivering new web sites for this UK based company which is entering the international market . You should therefore be a self starter who is motivated to stay abreast of the latest technologies and versions in the ever changing technology world. My client prides themselves on making their customers lives easier as they enter periods or aspirations of change, stream lining the process through their ability to provide bespoke solutions. You will need to be able to deliver applications which are flexible and maintainable. Teaching and learning continuously go handinhand in this role, as you will be helping less senior developers and leading by example. The client: My client is a prestigious name amongst the media market. They are UK based, but deal internationally as well, ensuring potential scope for expansion. The client has two potential locations: Based a simple **** minute drive from Brighton, and a Brighton office. To apply: If you have what it takes send your CV or call me on (Apply online only) Senior .NET Developer ASP.NET MVC / C / WCF / SQL Server 2012  CrawleySenitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy