Title: Pre Sales position in France (fluent in French)
Webindex: 68359763
Company: SEC Recruitment Limited
Description: security network Position in France Senior Sales Engineer / Ingnieur AvantVente Senior Bezons (Paris Area, France) Permanent Position Job Description As a Sales Engineer you will work alongside the Sales force by supporting the sales cycle from a technical perspective. You will be responsible for identifying the technical requirements within an opportunity, matching them to solutions (secure the technical recommendation from the Technical Buyer), and supporting the sale by positioning and demonstrating differences. You will provide product trials and evaluations to partners, new and existing customers in addition to providing technical training. You will be able to take and explain complicated technical solutions and pitch them at the required level of your audience with your end goal being to convince them to buy, resell or recommend solutions. Willingness to travel within France in support of sales opportunities and partner training, internationally for conferences and training is mandatory. Desired Skills Experience 4 years experience in the IT industry Technical pre or post sales support experience in a customer facing role Technical background in networking or security applications Working in partnership with sales people, to achieve sales goals Negotiating and influencing technical specialists Presenting technical solutions to diverse audiences of both technical and nontechnical staff Good technical understanding of operating systems (Windows, Unx) Good technical understanding of email and groupware systems (Exchange, Lotus Notes/Domino, SMTP relays) Knowledge of encryption mechanisms, including email, file and full disk encryption Ability to describe technical features in terms of impact and benefits on business Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Strong presentation and demonstration skills Strong troubleshooting and analysis Active listening Attention to detail Communication Planning organizing Problem Solving Tenacity Persuasiveness Reading/Writing/Speaking French and English is mandatory. Company Description We help organizations keep data safe and block the growing number of complex threats. We protect everywhere and offer complete security with our full range of endpoint, encryption, email, web, network security and UTM products. And more than 100 million users trust us. We help customers protect their businesses and meet compliance needs. And all our customers benefit from the expertise of our threat analysts located around the world. Their research is at the heart of everything we do. They quickly find the latest threats and update protection for our customers automatically. Plus, our support engineers are experts on all our products, and they're available whenever you need them. Our products are easy to install and use so you spend less time managing security. you can focus on the needs of your business because we're securing your entire organization. Additional Information Type: Fulltime Experience: MidSenior level Functions: Sales Industries: Computer Software This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PreSalespositioninFrancefluentinFrench_job****