Title: Repair Technician (Electrical / Electronic), ****k
Webindex: 69592359
Company: Easyweb Recruitment
Description: Repair Technician (Electrical / Electronic), ****k Our client is the world's leading provider of point of care systems in healthcare, including media, information, clinical support software and infrastructure services. Position: Bench Technician Location: South Mimms, Hertfordshire Salary: ****k ROLE: Reporting to Repair Centre Manager, the Repair Technician is responsible for the repair of their bedside unit equipment in a repair centre environment. You'll contribute to the company goal of maximum bedside unit uptime and minimal fault levels. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Repairing faulty bedside units and where necessary installing replacement parts. b) Management and effective upkeep of bedside unit test equipment. c) Cleaning and repair of faulty equipment for repair and redistribution to sites. d) Constantly review working processes to recommend improvements. e) Ensuring that repairs meet quality standards in order to maximise Bedside Unit uptime, and ensure the maximum technical availability to customers. f) Ensuring high levels of attendance and good timekeeping at all times. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Previous commercial experience of repairing and replacing equipment to component level. b) Computer repair systems and networking experience. c) Proven experience of technical aptitude, and previous experience of working in a technical support environment. d) Previous commercial experience of working in either a technical support or customer service related environment. e) Able to effectively prioritise workload and take an organised approach to work in order to meet time deadlines. f) Able to take a disciplined, reliable, honest, discreet and professional approach to work at all times. g) Flexible working style with previous experience of working as part of team. h) Logical problem solver. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Previous experience of working with RF and Digital Networks. b) Previous experience of Hot Works. c) Previous experience of escalation and resolution of technical problems. You may have experience of the following: Electrical Engineer, Repair Technician, Electronics Engineer, Electrical Components, Bench Technician, Network Engineer, PC Repair, ElectroMechanical Technician, Technical Support, etc This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK's leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/RepairTechnicianElectricalElectronic****k_job****