Title: SQL Database Administrator (DBA)  SQL, Progress
Webindex: 68628367
Company: Career Concept Ltd
Description: SQL Database Administrator (DBA)  SQL, Progress My client is a large charity which representing mental diseases, and are looking for a strong talented Technical Analyst to join their outstanding IT Team. They are represented over the whole of the UK and work directly with their members  they are very proactive. They have a strong IT division with strong management and skills which have come from many sectors, banking, media  you'll be in good company The DBA will be responsible for the provision of high quality IS support to Society staff. The DBA will work on the support and development of the Society's Information systems and associated databases The scope of the job Daytoday support and development of the Society's IS Applications and Database Servers. Duties and key responsibilities On a day to day basis you will be responsible for Investigation and diagnosis of problems, providing workarounds where appropriate, writing, testing and releasing data fixes, system testing of application fixes, helping clients in the day to day use of the system. Specific responsibilities will include Developing and enhancing the Society's Information Technology database strategy. Working with internal and external developers to develop tactical applications for the society using the standard tools and operational frameworks. To develop procedures and tools to minimise the cost of ownership for applications used within the society. For example automating user creation via scripts. To work with the MIS Project Manager on IS/IT related projects, providing technical support and advice to individual project managers as necessary, and assisting in technical development and deployment of the project. Provide technical support for the Society's database systems. This will include maintenance of user accounts, performance monitoring and ensuring data integrity. Ensure that Database Applications operate within an IT environment that is stable, secure, resilient, monitored and backedup in line with continuity plans. Set up appropriate database security protocols for applications and ensure their maintenance throughout the Society and are in compliance with the Society's Information Security policy. To undertake any other task, duties or projects that are commensurate with the general level of this post and as directed by the Head of IS/IT or other directors.