Title: Saas Functional Consultant  Global IT Services  Manchester  ****K 
Webindex: 68496386
Company: De Facto IT
Description: Saas Functional Consultant  Global System Integrator  Manchester  ****K  15% bonus  excellent benefits (Private Healthcare, Life Assurance, Childcare Vouchers) Permanent An excellent opportunity has arisen at a marketleading System Integrator for a SaaS Functional Consultant. The candidate must be able to fulfil a role which combines delivery and the support of Business Development efforts. A key emphasis of the role is on market knowledge and understanding of new technologies in order to establish a capability to advise clients such that they can realise the benefits of such developments. The Functional Consultant will be a key clientfacing member of the delivery team. The Functional Consultant will be responsible for all or part of the design and delivery of SaaS solution. This includes configuration and data model design, customisations, extensions, architecture and interfaces. A high degree of organisation is required and the Function Consultant must be able to work effectively with client stakeholders, the Solution Architect and development team to work endtoend to deliver a quality solution closely aligned to business requirements. Consultants must be able to contribute in sales meetings and presentations, demonstrating SaaS solutions with confidence to both clients and prospects. The ability to foster strong client relationships which instil credibility and legitimacy with management is an important aspect of the role. Key Skills/Experience: Recent successful endtoend delivery of Business Change projects which have run on time, to budget and to the required quality Fulfilled a functional role on a full life cycle SaaS implementation Proven ability to architect innovative solutions which offer exceptional value for clients SME expertise in at least one SaaS solution (eg Salesforce.com) Proven CRM implementation background  Service Management/Salesforce Automation preferable Able to break down complex business process to produce straightforward, efficient and effective results Experience in the use of delivery methodologies, previous experience of both on and off shore project delivery Knowledge of data migration in a package implementation Certification in at least one CRM solution  preferably Salesforce.com  to **** Sales or Service Cloud level The successful candidate is likely to have minimum 2 years experience in CRMenabled IT transformation The role requires the Functional Consultant to engage with key client stakeholders to analyse business processes and the functional requirements associated with SaaS services such as Salesforce.com. Having devised and developed the solution design, they must support and engage with the development team during the build stage, working with developers to drive out and capture detailed design. This role represents an outstanding opportunity with a global, marketleading System Integrator