Title: Telco Project Manager  Telephony Installations
Webindex: 68628467
Company: Modis
Description: Modis are recruiting for an exceptional Telco Project Manager to work on a new product launch within the enterprise telephony solutions market. This is an amazing opportunity to be part of a brand new team, with unlimited career potential. You will be passionate about your work, a fast learner and have the drive and tenacity to deliver 100% into everything that you do. We are looking for a Project Manager to have a forward thinking personality and have a strong desire to deliver exceptional technical solutions. Specific experience required for this role is within as many as the following as possible, Telephony, Data Networks, Voice Networks, Mobile Networks and all associated Network Infrastructure. In addition, you must have experience of working in a customer/client facing environment. As a Project Manager, your responsibilities will include: o Responsible management of the implementation of Network Infrastructure projects under consideration of quality, time and cost o Planning, implementing and monitoring of various steps of the implementation such as building an own cellular/fixed network at the customer site, creating numbers and service plans, number porting, configuration etc o Development and definition of the detailed scope of services in close cooperation with the customer o Training of clients before and during the commissioning o Identification and distribution of additional features and service packages o Supporting project sponsor/senior project managers in building business cases for projects and enabling delivery of business benefits. o Preparing and maintaining project plans. o Follow up and monitoring. Tracks progress in terms of delivery to time and against budgets. o Reporting to director level with influence and persuasion. Keep clients and senior management informed of project status o Management of issues and risks during delivery process through to resolution. Only escalates most critical issues and risks. Skills/Experience: o Ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines o Significant working experience within a Telco Project Management role, working within high profile systems, solutions should be both fixed line and mobile experience o Significant experience in customer service and project management o Quick learner and an independent, proactive working style o Strong customer service orientation o Strong influencing, negotiating and communication skills internally and externally with partners and suppliers o Ability to influence and drive direction taking responsibility for project. o Ability to lead and motivate a virtual team to over achieve on expectations. o Resilient and Proactive working style o Excellent interpersonal and relationship management skills. To apply for the hottest Project Management role within the UK Telecommunications Industry, please send your CV to me ASAP, for my immediate consideration.