Title: Client Systems Administrator
Webindex: 72448088
Company: Blue Eskimo
Description: Our client has an immediate requirement for a Client Systems Administrator who will be responsible for providing services and support to key clients within both the UK and Europe. The role primarily involves managing the implementation and administration of elearning content for clients on the clients hosted elearning platforms. Key Responsibilites: To manage the deployment and administration of elearning programs for Service clients. These programs are hosted on a elearning platform and are delivered and managed using the clients Learning Management Systems. Specific tasks will include: Liaison with clients to agree rollout schedules for courseware Managing the import, set up and maintenance of trainee data Importing and setting up of courseware and managing the assignment of courseware to specified user groups Creating and dispatching email invitations to selected user groups Monitoring the deployment and take up of courseware by users and initiating reminder emails to maximise take up The management and publication of systemgenerated reports on a regular basis to meet specific client reporting requirements General configuration changes to systems as required by the client Participating in regular update calls with clients, with occasional face to face meetings Troubleshooting client issues in conjunction with the support team Candidate Experience: Excellent communication skills, both written and oral Excellent IT skills (especially Excel) and the ability to learn new technologies The confidence to deal directly with international clients at management level Highly organised Client focused attitude Good problem solving skills Knowledge of and exposure to elearning Experience of working with and administering Learning Management Systems, CRM systems or similar Experience in a customerfocused, businesstobusiness environment This person must be able to work on their own initiative and also within a team environment. The person must be able to demonstrate excellent administration skills with a keen eye for detail and an analytical approach, and work with a flexible approach to working hours. Occasional travel may be required to visit clients in the UK and may involve overseas travel. Blue Eskimo specialise in career and job opportunities within the elearning and training sectors. With over 30 years of combined experience within the training and elearning industries we offer relevant and focused career advice to professionals within these areas. Our clients include many of the UK's leading training and elearning providers, as well as smaller niche specialists. Vacancies cover a wide range of roles and disciplines within the elearning and training sector including Key Account Manager (elearning), elearning Business Development Manager, Sales Manager or Sales Director (Training), Elearning Instructional Designer, Operations Manager, Training and elearning Consultants, IT Trainers Soft Skills Trainers. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ClientSystemsAdministrator_job****