Title: Marketing Manager, IT/Telecoms
Webindex: 71740256
Company: PeopleCom Ltd
Description: Marketing Manager for a Major UK Communications services provider, Hertford Up to ****k base plus benefits Our client is a major communications services provider that provides a range of solutions to medium and large enterprises; system integrators; carriers; and cloud and data centre operators. Our client operates one of the largest national fibe optic networks in the UK, touching every major town and city on the UK mainland. They are uniquely positioned to create network solutions because they have commercial agreements and physical fibre interconnects with multiple fibre suppliers across the UK that have taken many years to put in place. For their customers requiring route diversity or particular routing, they can quickly identify the optimal route from their range of suppliers and put in place a solution that would take other suppliers many months to achieve. Role Summary: To be responsible for developing and maintaining marketing strategies to meet agreed company objectives. To evaluate customer research, market conditions, competitor data and implement marketing plan alterations as needed. To oversees all marketing, advertising and promotional staff and activities. Responsibilities: Responsible for the marketing of company products and services to the right market whether B2B or B2C. Demonstrate technical marketing skills and company product knowledge. Develop an annual marketing plan in conjunction with the sales department. This should detail the year’s activity to meet agreed company objectives. Budget management. To deliver all marketing activity within the agreed budget. To direct marketing staff where budgets are devolved. To manage all aspects of print production, receipt and distribution. To achieve frequent, timely and positive media coverage across all available media. To managing the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities. To conduct market research in order to identify market requirements for current and future products. To develop and implement a companywide plan to push product, working with all departments for its executtion To analyse potential strategic partner relationships for product lines. Relationships and Roles: To demonstrate the ability to interact and cooperate with all company employees. To build trust, value others, communicate effectively, drive execution, foster innovation, focus on delivery to customers, collaborate with others, solve problems creatively and demonstrate high integrity. Maintain professional internal and external relationships that meet company core values. Proactively establish and maintain effective working team relationships with all support departments. Job Specifications: Approximately 46 years of sales experience in the marketing industry. Experience with a company in a related company sector. Extensive experience of developing, maintaining and delivering on marketing strategies to meet company objectives. A strong understanding of customer and market dynamics and requirements. If applicable, a willingness to travel and work in a global team of professionals. A proven ability to oversee all marketing, advertising and promotional staff and activities.