Title: Project Manager  Card Payments
Webindex: 68635452
Description: Project Manager  Card Payments (Visa, MasterCard, Point of Sale, PrePaid Debit and Switching)  London Circa ****  bonus benefits Project Manager  Card Payments (Visa, MasterCard, Point of Sale, PrePaid Debit and Switching)  London A Successful Global Banking Consultancy is seeking a Card Payments Project Manager to work in London. The aim of this role is to deliver Card Payment Solutions (across Visa, MasterCard, Point of Sale, PrePaid Debit and Switching) to the clients banking and financial services customers. The programme involves designing and deploying end to end solutions and performance management solutions. Duties will include: Creating executing project work plans. Identify resources needed and assigns individual responsibilities. Manages daytoday operational aspects of a project and scope. Reviews deliverables prepared by team before passing to client. Effectively applies the methodology and enforces project standards. Prepares for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures. Minimizes our exposure and risk on project. Ensures project documents are complete, current, and stored appropriately. Project Accounting, analysis, reporting and follow ups Financial Management, P L, billing, forecasts and utilisation. Client Management, develop relationships, manage expectations and increase satisfaction. Candidates should also have demonstrable experience of: Proven track record in a similar in a similar role working on large, complex projects with the pharmaceutical sector. Successful and demonstrable record of delivering successful Card Payment Solutions. PMP, ITIL or Six Sigma qualifications or equivalent experience. Strong stakeholder management experience Good business development skills. This is a highly successful and progressive organisation which offers good career progression. If you think you've got what it takes to succeed in this phenomenal company, get in contact with Jack Slaughter at Salt either by email : jack.slaughterwelovesalt.com or by phone **** **** **** ****