Title: Senior SQL DBA (Database Administrator)
Webindex: 72293974
Company: Technology Resourcing
Description: Title: Senior SQL DBA (Database Administrator) Type: Permanent Ref: IL/TR[blocked] Our client is a leading global Business Process Outsource services provider which works with Fortune **** clients and other major customers across all sectors. Their global growth allows continued investment in their IT infrastructure to ensure robust, cost effective and innovative solutions, both internally and to their global clients. They are now looking to recruit a Senior SQL DBA (Database Administrator), with 3rd line support capability, to work in their head office in Richmond, Surrey. The role will be about 60% database admin and 40% 3rd line Microsoft Server support. This individual will also be expected to create best practice for the UK operation. This role demands someone with a thorough technical knowledge along with the ability to effectively manage their own workload and the communication skills necessary to engage effectively with others. Candidates should fulfil the following criteria: •An expert level of understanding and experience on both MS SQL and Windows Server (MS SQL ****/****). •Experience of MS SSIS would be preferable •Extensive experience of installation, configuration, design and capacity planning •Maintenance, including backup/recovery, performance tuning and query optimisation, migration, security, •Monitoring database performance, identifying bottlenecks and proposing ways to optimise performance. Set up monitoring thresholds and alerts to achieve a fix before failure. •Working with business users to improve performance and efficiency of their applications. •Capacity planning to ensure adequate capacity is available for the business. •Point of contact for all SQL Server business database queries, performance faults and requests, •Work with MS and internal engineers to identify and solve technology infrastructure issues that may span several of these IT disciplines. •Experience managing change control in an ITIL environment, as this role will be responsible for all change control in this UK office. •The ability for prepare in depth, clear documentation for review by a nontechnical audience as well as Senior Network Engineers •Experience on MySQL and Oracle would be considered a real bonus. This is a great opportunity to join a global IT centric business that truly understands the value of their staff, offering continuous professional development and excellent opportunities to further develop your career within their substantial group. Technology Resourcing are specialists in System Administrator Jobs . Technology Resourcing is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.