Title: ORACLE BI EXPERT
Webindex: 70691981
Company: SEC Recruitment
Description: Leading Global FMCG company, are seeking a Technical Oracle/BI Consultant. The Job o As part of the Technical Development team within BIS you will support the delivery of stretching service delivery targets through the development of technical solutions to resolve incidents and meet change requirements. o Coordinate progress with offshore development team members and European Development and Integration Sustain Manager. o Work collaboratively with technical and functional colleagues to achieve excellent results, building relationships with own and wider teams to enable this. o Develop in depth knowledge of Operations / Supply Chain systems as well as their criticality within the Operations function o Monitor technical service queues, analyzing and responding to technical and system issues finding appropriate resolutions. o Interpret functional requirements to create technical designs and develop code o Complete peer code review and configures packaged software as requested o Responsible for technical quality assurance and delivery. Perform and coordinate unit, system, performance and integration testing as required. o Contribute to general discussions regarding support, change requests or projects and ensure an overall objective of knowledge sharing with colleagues. o Provide guidance and knowledge transfer to technical team members and service delivery teams in the area of expertise. o Design, develop, test and implement technical solutions from functional change requests or project documentation o Create and update technical documentation ensuring all activities comply with relevant service management, technical development and control standards. You o You will have previous experience in at least two of the following: o Designing databases in Oracle o PLSQL o Oracle Forms/Reports o Unix (inc shell scripting) o You will ideally bring some prior knowledge of Operations / Supply Chain solutions o With a degree or GCE A level, SCE Higher grade qualifications, you’ll bring some level of prior experience of working in a similar technical role. o You’ll thrive on analysing and resolving complex system and functional problems o Proactive and self motivated, you have strong interpersonal, collaboration and communication skills o You’re logical and objective with excellent attention to detail. If your profile matches with the above requirement and you are interested in finding out more please forward your latest CV in word format to michele.vinciguerrasecrecruitment.com alternatively if you would like further information please contact Michele on [blocked]. SEC Recruitment Limited is acting as an Employment Agency and/or Employment Business