Title: Application Support Engineer RDBMS, SQL, Unix  Data Warehouse
Webindex: 71856504
Company: Head Office
Description: Business Intelligence / Data Warehouse Application Support Engineer required with sound SQL, RDBMS (such as Oracle, MySQL, Teradata, Netezza etc), and Unix (ideally scripting skills) supporting enterprise applications ideally with data warehouse development / support skills with knowledge of ETL such as Informatica, Ab Initio, Datastage, Mediation Zone are required by blue chip technology giant based in West London / Middlesex. This will be a technically hands on role supporting business applications / processes developed and supported within massive technical environment mainly covering Netezza, SQL, Unix and ETL. Applicants with application support and strong RDBMS, SQL and Unix / Shell Scripting would be suitable as training can be provided. Key aspects of the role will include Ensure delivery of high quality inhouse twentyfour/seven support for all Corporate BI applications across multiple business areas.  Ensure all Corporate Business Intelligence production systems achieve their agreed SLA for availability and recovery Define and deliver the roadmap for continuous improvement of support processes and reduction of support overhead.  Engage with 3rd party vendors to ensure speedy resolution of issues, and plan future release strategy in line with vendor roadmaps.  Ensuring the Support Manager receives regular updates and timely communications to enable him to engage with key business stakeholders during production incidents.  Ensure all Corporate Business Intelligence environments are tightly managed, and changes are properly assessed to minimise disruption to BAU activities especially during business critical periods.  Assure the timely transition of development work into production while ensuring that the appropriate level of test rigour and support handover are achieved including compliance with relevant security policies. This is an outstanding chance to develop your career within a large BI function for a world renowned company. The role will require working on call as part of an on call rota shared within the team. Any experience of working in the telecoms, mobile telecoms, service provider / ISP, media, broadcast or finance or financial services domains would be ideal but not essential. Opus Resourcing acts as an employment Agency in respect of permanent recruitment.