Title: Application Support Assistant Customer Services IT Software
Webindex: 67652810
Company: Xperian Recruitment Limited
Description: Job Title: Application Support Assistant Customer Services IT Software services Skills: Application Support Assistant, Hungerford, Customer services, customer resolution, IT Systems, MS Office, Windows, Outlook/Exchange, problem solving, call logging, documentation and reporting, previous service desk or IT software support preferred. Location: Hungerford, Berkshire Due to increased growth and success of the company a new position for an Application Support Assistant with previous experience of working within a commercial corporate environment is now available. It is essential to have excellent customer services experience, confident telephone manner and excellent communications skills. Ideally previous experience of working within an IT services department or company is preferred. Company: Our client is a leading global software services company providing advanced IT software solutions to various industries. The company has over 30 years of experience, working with its Tier **** customers in many sectors and has built up a unique depth of knowledge and expertise, a reputation for classleading products. The Company looks for individuals who value being part of a winning team and enjoy working in an energetic and dynamic environment that rewards dedication and hard work. The company strives to offer security for both staff and customers and provides excellent products and quality services to its focused market areas. Employment at the Company is based solely on individual merit and qualifications directly related to professional competence. With through ongoing training and career management, the Company offers opportunities for individual growth and development. Role: The Application Support Assistant will be tasked with various responsibilities including: Ensuring all customers receive an efficient, professional high quality support service in accordance with the service level agreement. As one of the main points of contact for customers, the individual will be expected to project a professional image at all times and build up and develop good relationships with Customers and internal departments. Prepare reports for customers and statistics for internal / management purposes. Effectively handling complaints and call escalation requests from customers and ensure the customer is fully informed of all progress on issues. Using the issues management system / Call logging system to provide information to the customer and Project team. Preparing reports for customers and support department Following and applying the standard software support procedures and practices Liaise with Development and Implementation departments regarding progress of work and delivery dates Skills and Experience Required: Experience in a customerfocused role in a service oriented environment Experience of dealing with demanding customers and managing expectations Experience of working in a busy customer oriented environment Have excellent customer care and strong interpersonal skills Positive, proactive and adaptable to work as an effective member of a team across departments Previous technical understanding of IT systems, Ms office, Windows, Excel and Powerpoint preferred A keen interested in IT systems, software, products and services Remuneration for the Application Support Assistant: Salary: to ****  Bonus  Good Benefits Start: ASAP Skills: Application Support Assistant, Hungerford, Customer services, customer resolution, IT Systems, MS Office, Windows, Outlook/Exchange, problem solving, call logging, documentation and reporting