Title: Senior Cisco Network Engineer, CCNA qualified  Leicestershire
Webindex: 68627666
Company: MAPP Ltd.
Description: Senior Cisco Network Engineer, CCNA Qualified  Leicestershire This is an opportunity for a highly skilled Network Engineer to join an existing team of dedicated Network Engineers that are responsible for the operation, maintenance and development of the companies networking infrastructure. The network infrastructure is a key component of the IT platform that underpins all aspects of operation. Responsibilities: As a senior network engineer working as part of the network team the successful candidate will be responsible for performing the following duties. Planning, developing, installing and maintaining various network equipment. Investigating, analysing and resolving network incidents and problems. Monitoring and management of network performance. Engaging with initiatives and projects to provide advice regarding networking aspects. Essential Current or previously held Cisco CCNA qualification or equivalent Substantial proven practical expertise in supporting local and wide area networks, carrying both voice and video, at a senior level of responsibility. Good understanding of VOIP and IP telephony including SIP. Proven understanding of network development and security management. Proven practical expertise in the use of network management tools, such as Cisco Works and Solar Winds. Proven practical expertise in configuring and maintaining Cisco network equipment IOS. Proven practical expertise of wireless networking solutions. Desirable Current Cisco CCNP qualification. Project management experience. A good understanding of best practices for installation and management of communications infrastructure within an International enterprise. A good appreciation of the use of new networking technologies to support the business and management requirements of a UK Retailer or equivalent. General Good communications (oral and written), interpersonal, persuasion and negotiating skills. A high standard of customer care and experience in dealing with a range of different stakeholders. Strong analytical, and problemsolving skills. Ability to work calmly and systematically in a busy environment. Ability to prioritise, exercise good time management and organisational skills and to meet deadlines. Ability to motivate others and work effectively in a team Senior Cisco Network Engineer, CCNA Qualified  Leicestershire