Title: SQL Development Manager
Webindex: 68361562
Company: Venturi
Description: SQL Development Manager, SQL Server, Manchester, SQL, ETL, SSIS A top financial services company in central Manchester that is experiencing phenomenal growth is looking for a development manager with a solid technical background in SQL Server and ETL (SSIS) and Strong Leadership skills to help drive their SQL development team forward. As a development manager you will be tasked with managing a team of developers who ensure business process automation. You will be taksed with release management, hands on development and a certain amount of system architecture. You will need to come from a strong Microsoft background (SQL Server Development and SSIS) Key skills: 23 years demonstratable experience as a development manager Strong management skills Strong Microsoft tools background (SSIS, SQL Server) Project and resource planning. Degree Educated Excellent communication This is an excellent opportunity to work within a market leading organisation that is investing heavily in their systems. This is a hands on role and you will also get the chance to really make your mark with thecompnay as they grow. You will need excellent communication and leadership skills. For this opportunity they can pay between ****k to ****k with a 20% bonus. Venturi is a staffing business dedicated to you, differentiating ourselves in the marketplace by quality of service and candidate delivery. Our highly skilled and experienced staff operate within dedicated markets to give you the best service possible. Venturi markets include Development Design, Business Intelligence, IT Infrastructure Support. Venturi operates as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we are happy to accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SQLDevelopmentManager_job****