Title: Automation Tester  Java  Agile  eCommerce
Webindex: 71307049
Company: Burns Sheehan
Description: AUTOMATION TESTER  JAVA  SELENIUM  AGILE  ECOMMERCE An exciting digital retail company is looking for an Automation Tester; this dotcom have one of the biggest success stories in the world of online retail. This is an excellent opportunity for a tester with a technical background or indepth knowledge of testing Web/ecommerce applications to further their career with a rapidly growing and past paced organisation where testing is a key and integral part of the software delivery lifecycle. As an Automation Tester your role will be to define, create and execute tests from the analysis of both functional and nonfunctional requirements, producing automated test scripts, test materials and regression test packs to test new and amended software or services. Ideally you will have some knowledge of PHP, this dotcom work with the LAMP stack and their Developers code in PHP. This dotcom (still with a startup feel) has so far enjoyed 600% profitability and with phenomenal growth has grown **** to over **** employees. Their website has been hugely successful with rapid expansion since its launch, and has been listed in the Telegraph as one of the Best Tech Startups in 2011; after only a few years in trading they are planning to push into the European market. This ECommerce company sells all of its products straight through the web. They also have beautiful, spacious offices in London and Shanghai, and use showrooming where consumers browse physical products instore before ordering online, which allows them to offer the best prices and improve their online retail experience. This huge dotcom believe that they are part of a new ecommerce trend  which is seen to be very experimental. As an Automation Tester with this huge ecommerce company you should be confident at recording and analysing actions and results, and maintaining a defect register. Reviewing test results and modifying tests if necessary. Providing reports on progress, anomalies, risks and issues. Responsibilities:  Defining test scenarios, cases and test data.  To design and document, automated and manual test cases and scripts.  Collaborate with the development team to build and maintain a strong and robust automated test suite.  Execute and maintain automated and manual tests.  To participate in functional, integration, regression and acceptance testing.  To track and manage defect reports to closure. Required Skills:  Ability to write unaided automated java based test cases using Selenium WebDriver  Deep understanding or experience in Web testing.  Demonstrate an understanding of relational databases  Ability to interrogate databases using SQL.  Demonstrate an understanding of HTML / JavaScript and CSS  Ability to identify and execute test cases specifically related to webbased systems.  Work comfortably within a fast paced agile environment with react quickly to change.  Demonstrate an understanding of the test life cycle. This position is ideally suited to a dedicated and proactive Technical Test Analyst with experience of working in web based fastpaced, dynamic environments. You will need to be able to contribute to the project from inception to delivery in order to add value at all stages. If you are an Automation tester with a minimum of three years testing experience please send your CV for reviewBurns Sheehan Ltd will consider applications based only on skills and ability and will not discriminate on any grounds. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/AutomationTesterJavaAgileeCommerce_job****