Title: Snr PHP Developer
Webindex: 65154492
Company: DMS 
Description: Our client, a prestigious IT Services Company based in Bedford, Bedfordshire, seeks a Senior PHP Developer. Salary: The Organisation: Well established client that has gained an outstanding reputation in business, education and government for providing quality learning solutions for all users, and offer an unequalled level of expertise, experience, and support to their clients. Over **** organisations worldwide their solutions to improve their knowledge and skill base, and are proud of our reputation for providing quality products and services aligned with unparalleled levels of customer support. The Role: The Developer will be responsible for the day to day management, development and support of our key systems and support services. This role encompasses both the support and development of existing systems as well as implementing new and improved versions, working closely with the Development Manager and liaising with internal teams and external partners. Key Responsibilities include:  Developing codeline in PHP and other languages, and managing, maintaining and supporting MySQL.  Making recommendations/optimisations and decisions on key core systems and applications.  Research, recommend and implement solutions to conflicts, interferences and errors/omissions with key core business systems and applications.  Liaise with subcontractors in expediting content deliverables, and monitor field work, including contract work, to ensure compliance with specifications and codes.  Maintain and update development documentation.  Assist with submittals to client and/or internal dependencies.  Lead the research and preparation of change requests to resolve design issues.  Conduct quality control activities in accordance with instructions, inspection programs, using specified control measuring and testing equipment.  Prepare documents, plans and designs to support project office work. Our requirements: The successful candidate will be/possess:  Educated preferably to degree level in a complimentary qualification, e.g. Computer Science, Computing or Software design.  At least 2 years’ fulltime development experience in a team environment.  Proven commercial project experience involving a minimum of PHP, MySQL and XML  The ability to confidently and correctly answer questions relating to frameworks and object orientation  Proactive at identifying problems and proposing solutions and improvements  An effective and professional communicator, both orally and in writing, in both a technical and nontechnical way.  Knowledge of Linux (Red hat/ Cisco / LPIC certification), PHP, MySQL and XML, Open Source contribution / portfolio.