Title: Planning Engineer/Project Planner/Contract
Webindex: 69209238
Company: Gold Group Limited
Description: UIRGENT CONTRACT POSITION  Planning Engineer ? Bristol/Devon/South Wales ? Rate negotiable ? Primavera P**** ? Gold Group. This position is to work on the ISS Project/CNI Project for the National Grid. This is a large 5 year framework involving numerous leading contractors and consultancies and is aimed at improving security measures on gas and electrical sites across the UK. There is **** years left on this scheme which offers a workload in excess of 40 million per year with the systems being developed by Siemens. Due to a high increase in workload and very tight deadlines, one of my contractor clients has outlined a requirement for a planning engineer to operate site based in the South West of England covering a patch that includes North Devon, Bristol and South Wales (expenses paid). Duties will include: ? Preparing construction programmes and presenting them to the client ? Cost loaded programmes and resource programmes ? Monthly progress reporting and updating of plans ? Monitoring weekly and monthly design on numerous sites ? Integration of other programmes from other contractors into the master programme ? Use of Primavera P**** This contract is like to last for a minimum of 18 months with an initial 12 month contract on offer. Expenses will be paid and candidates who have to at times, work away from home will be compensated. Also, on the days when the candidate is not required to be on site, home working is an option. The candidates: ? Will hold a minimum of 3 years? experience working for a main contractor using Primavera P**** ? Will have an understanding and some experience of Earned Value Management techniques ? A defence or civil engineering or telecommunications background would be beneficial but not essential ? Due to the nature of the work, some sites require candidates to hold Security Clearance at SC Cleared level therefor all applicants must be eligible. This means that candidates that have not held a UK passport for a minimum of 5 years will not be considered. ? Candidates will hold a mixture of site and tender planning experience and strong programming skills ? You will be happy working both within a team and on own initiative ? Applicants should be happy to travel (usually locally with the odd day or night away from home). For more information about this position, to apply or recommend a friend (250 on offer after placement), please contact me on [contact details removed] or . This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview.