Title: UNIX Support  Scripting  Veritas  AIX  Storage  Incident/Problem/
Webindex: 72578463
Company: PTS Resourcing  Ltd
Description: UNIX Support  Scripting  Veritas  AIX  Storage  Incident/Problem/Change Management  ITIL. PTS's Client a Leading Investment Bank require a Unix Support Analyst for a team providing dedicated follow the Sun support for approx. **** systems globally. The role will primarily require daily ticket queue management, answering hotline calls and responding to client queries and the implementation of standard infrastructure and client initiated change requests. You will have experience of supporting Solaris, Linux and preferably AIX Operating Systems in a large scale Production environment and experience of Veritas (VxVM, VxFS, VCS) and Storage (EMC/HDS) technologies. You will have excellent troubleshooting and system performance analysis skills, along with experience of working in a financial services environment or have (and be able to clearly articulate) directly transferable and relevant industry experience. You will be comfortable working under pressure and exhibit strong multitasking skills, prioritising tasks as and when required. Your SA experience will include working with application and project teams as well as storage management, market data, networks and hardware teams, including facilities management. You will also be comfortable working with these teams to troubleshoot issues in the environment and assist with planning of infrastructure and/or application changes. Your communications skills will be to an extremely high standard as you will be expected to liaise with Incident and Problem Management teams as well as Business Unit clients, conversing and highlighting issues or assisting them with troubleshooting activities. You will have a clear understanding ITIL processes and an understanding of Incident, Problem and Change Management and be a team player and inspire others around you to meet your high standards and diligence. If you are looking for a challenging and truly global role in a fast paced and constantly changing tier one Investment Banking Enterprise Technology environment please send in your CV at your earliest opportunity. Thank you. PTS is an Equal Opportunities employer and applicants are selected solely on the basis of their relevant aptitudes, skills and abilities. No applicant shall receive less favourable treatment on the grounds of sex, marital status, civil partnership status, transgender status, pregnancy, maternity, colour race, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, belief, sexual orientation, disability, age. This is not an exclusive list.