Title: SAP Business One Support Consultant or super user
Webindex: 70769882
Company: Ambis resourcing Partnership
Description: We are looking for a SAP Business One / SAP B1 Support Consultant, or a SAP Business One super user who would like to move into an applications support role  come and work for a SAP Business One Partner where you will get excellent training, a great team to work with, and superb career progression into implementation, support management, training or consulting in the future. Base salary to ****k plus company benefits  this is an office based role in Chester. Our client is a small, independent SAP Gold Partner that supplies, implements and integrates SAP Business One (SAP B1) software. As a SAP Business One Consultant here, you will be working with everything from outofthebox software through to bespoke, heavily customised designs, and a variety of vertical market addons. Their strong SDK development team enables them to make significant adaptations and enhancements to standard applications and they also focus on integrating SAP B1 with other office systems. They are looking for an additional SAP Business One Support Consultant  they would also look at SAP Business One superusers who have strong experience of using the software at an end user site,and would like to move into a software support role, looking after the client base. You will work as part of a dynamic, knowledgeable and friendly team, giving telephone, email and remote support to their SAP Business One clients and escalating problems where necessary. As this is a small company, you may also have to get involved in other general admin tasks as well. This is a brilliant place to work; they have a **** year track record, they are highly profitable, innovative, and offer great career prospects. They offer excellent ongoing training to get your SAP Business One certifications, and a talented and professional team to work with. Please get your CV across to Carolyn MacLurg or Jake King at Ambis or call us for an informal discussion and further details