Title: Business Analyst  Multi Channel
Webindex: 65437031
Description: Computer Futures client based in the Hampshire area are looking for a Business Analyst to work on their onboard portal project. The primary purpose of this role is to take responsibility for the requirements analysis, development and delivery of an onboard guest portal, to deliver services accessible by multiple devices, including PC, smartdevice, ITV and digital signage. The candidate will be an experienced business analyst intent on accuracy and attention to detail, used to working within a large diverse organisation. The will also have:  Excellent analytical and communication skills combined with a technology background in the delivery of portal services. Working alongside the business to develop detailed requirements and create a product vision which will support the overall business strategy.  Experienced influencer, working alongside senior business stakeholders to drive action based decision making.  Ability to build strong relationships with business users and work closely with the suppliers and partner operating companies to help shape the guest portal system roadmap.  Process modelling capability to deliver operational effectiveness and guest satisfaction through the development of the portal features, challenging business assumptions, drive profitability and change ways of working.  Experience in elicitation of business objectives and benefits, compiling business cases to secure funding for system development, ensuring maximum return on investment.  Sufficient understanding to interact with the technical teams, system architects and product suppliers to ensure quality of delivery to achieve defined service levels.  Skilled test planning and test support capability, with structured approach to problem determination, ensuring quality assurance of deliverables. Expertise in communication, including presentation, to senior business stakeholders on project matters. This is for an initial 6 month contract based in Hampshire, rates are negotiable dependant on experience. To apply for the role please send me an up to date copy of your CV. To find out more about Computer Futures please visit www.computerfutures.com