Title: 1st Line Service Desk Analyst  English AND French OR Korean OR Japane
Webindex: 71592863
Company: Allied Worldwide
Description: 1st Line Service Desk Analyst  English speaking with French OR Italian OR Japanese OR Korean language Established in 1992, Allied Worldwide Ltd is a global organisation delivering bespoke IT outsourcing managed people services to the corporate market. With a presence across **** continents, we serve a loyal and expanding corporate client base across a broad range of industry sectors. Our core business is the provision of skilled technical resources using a flexible, solutionsbased model for ongoing infrastructure support, consultancy and technology projects. Our client is a globally renowned, luxury fashion house. As a FTSE 100 company, the iconic brand, strong values system and collaborative and vibrant working environment attract individuals who demonstrate creative talent, entrepreneurial spirit, and passion. Purpose of the role: The successful candidate will deliver exceptional customer service and satisfaction through the resolution of technical support queries on Windows based operating systems, hardware and software. Since you will be supporting customers in different locations by phone, fluency in English and French OR Italian OR Korean OR Japanese is a must. To be considered for this position, you must be available to work shifts Monday to Friday between ****:30am and 6pm, and 1 weekend every 8 weeks. This role would suit a recent graduate with technical and language skills looking to develop a career with a leading international organisation at the cutting edge of its sector. Key Responsibilities: Provide 1st Line Helpdesk support to end users primarily in a Windows environment. Work to SLAs and prioritise workload to meet contractual needs. Update incident management system with all incidents and calls logged. Provide Executive and VIP support for Apple products on an adhoc basis Remote management and deployment of client software packages Work to specified standards and required levels of deportment, conduct and sound ethical workplace practices. Behavioural skills required: Must be a fluent speaker of either French OR Italian OR Korean OR Japanese Excellent telephone and customer service and interpersonal skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Independent and proactive thinking, Relationship builder both within the team and across the whole office. Personal resilience and able to complete projects in some tight timescales. Good time management and prioritisation practices Ability to multitask Technical skills required: Good understanding of Windows XP/**** as well as building, configuring and troubleshooting PC hardware components. Knowledge of Adobe and MS Office software. Setting up passwords and user accounts. Experience Qualifications: 1 year in a Technical Support role, telephone or face to face within a corporate IT support team. 1 year with Windows and Microsoft Technologies Worked with SLAs and incident management/call logging systems with ITIL methodology (preferred) To apply for this role, please send your CV to Prashant or call me directly.