Title: Career Opportunity with Global Recruitment Specialist
Webindex: 66195421
Description: Career Opportunity with Global Recruitment Specialist. Birmingham WHO WE ARESThree is one of the fastest growing recruitment consultancies in the world. In just 26 years, we've built an operation that spans five continents, employs over **** people and owns many of the leading sectorspecific recruitment brands and job boards. THE RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT ROLEUsing your sales, persuasion and networking skills you'll contact potential clients across the North West, then find the best candidates to meet their needs. You'll manage the whole interview process, relaying feedback, selling candidates to clients and job opportunities to candidates. Then you'll negotiate to close the best deal for all parties. Recruitment Consultants in our Birmingham offices place professionals in the IT, Oil Gas and Engineering markets among others  often in very senior positions. So we're looking for confident, natural communicators with ideally a minimum of **** 18 months experience in telesales, B2B or B2C sales, business development or recruitment. WHAT WE OFFERYou'll be expected to work hard, so you'll need to be driven to succeed. But we've engineered our business to support you all the way. We invest heavily in training and development throughout your career. And we've created the perfect work environment. Our offices are all superbly equipped and located in the best parts of town. There's a fun, energized, informal atmosphere even though everyone's focused on results. We reward success. There are rewards from day one and weekend trips to locations likeMarbella for everyone who hits targets. The SThree commission structure is uncapped and based the money you bill. And the percentage goes up the more gross profit you bring in. This is on top of a base salary of **** (flexible depending on your experience). Joining a large, growing, global company creates great opportunities. Successful consultants can work across our worldwide offices. There's a structured career path that leads to management. We promote from within  98% of Senior Managers are internal appointments. And it's completely meritocratic. The better you perform, the faster you get promoted. If this sounds like the type of challenging career you've been looking for, visit our SThree recruitment website for even more information. If your mind's already made up, apply now. SThree are the proud winners of the 2012 'Best Recruitment Company (over 50m turnover category)' award from APSCO (Association of Professional Staffing Companies)