Title: Account Manager / Field Engineer / Customer Service Representat
Webindex: 68357130
Company: Senitor Associates
Description: Customer Service Representative / Field Engineer / Account Manager Enterprise Level Systems / Windows / Linux / Hardware Scotland  Excellent Basic Salary with Bonus  Car Allowance A large Enterprise Technology provider who operate on an international level with an established and long standing clientbase in the UK have a position on their fieldservice team to cover their major clients in the North East of England and Scotland. You will be working with their large clients on enterprise level systems, primarily covering Edinburgh. Your role will primarily involve hands on technical work, travelling to the two main client sites. You will be working on large scale enterprise level systems within the company data centres. Ideally you should have an appreciation of Windows and Linux, although this crossplatform experience is not essential. You will have strong networking skills and be fully confident in both hardware and software. Within this role you will be the key point of contact for the client, account managing their entire IT infrastructure, gaining a solid understanding of the client s business and their requirements and being able to recommend the company solutions. You will provide excellent customer service and ensure that the client is happy with the service delivered. Key skills: Experience working with Enterprise Level Systems Cross Platform  Windows or Linux Linux is not essential but would be very beneficial Hardware  Dell, HP Networking  LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP Customer Service Account Management My client is hoping to get someone onboard as quickly as possible and will be starting interviews in the New Year. Please do not delay and send your CV immediately if you are interested in this position  or call (Apply online only). Enterprise Level Systems / Windows / Linux / Hardware / Account Manager / Field Engineer / Customer Service Representative Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy