Title: German Speaking Technical Support Consultant RDBMS, SQL, Unix, ERP,XML
Webindex: 69546517
Company: EXCELerate
Description: German Speaking Technical Support Consultant  RDBMS, SQL, Unix, ERP, XML For the world’s number one independent provider of data integration software, the Technical side of the company plays an important part in their continued success. Organisations around the world gain a competitive advantage in today’s global information economy with timely, relevant and trustworthy data for their top business imperatives. More than **** enterprises worldwide rely on our Client to help them access, integrate and secure their information assets held in the traditional enterprise, off premise and in the Cloud. Due to their continued success they are now seeking a talented, energetic, and motivated Technical Support Consultant (RDBMS, SQL, Unix, ERP, XML) individual to support Germany and other European regions while working from there Holland based office (near Utrecht). The German Speaking Technical Support Consultant will be responsible for:  providing technical support to customers as well as interacting Pre Sales, Professional Services and other team members.  deal with issues across a wide range of technologies such as ERP systems, Relational Databases, XML, MQ Series  environments including Unix, Linux and Windows.  resolving customer and field inquiries regarding current product behaviour, taking ownership of assigned cases  defining action plans to reach successful case closure; ensure customers are completely satisfied; report design, reliability and maintenance problems or bugs to engineering.  ensure product fixes are delivered to customers in a timely manner.  help the continual review of business processes and procedures  improving customer service. The German Speaking Technical Support Consultant has the following:  experience of managing a CRM system  high degree of analytical and problem solving abilities.  RDBMS  understand basic SQL and relational database concepts  ability to construct complex SQL statements and knowledge of a DBA’s role.  UNIX  understand operating system hierarchy and basic commands  Windows  understand operating system hierarchy and basic commands  good understanding of Networking Concepts  Excellent verbal and written communication skills at all levels  ability to ensure actions is followedup in a timely manner (Attention to detail).  drive for improvement of services offered to customers.  ability to deal with difficult customer situations, owning and resolving them with the most advantageous solutions.  use of initiative  anticipating requirements and proactively seeking ways to add value for customers.  strong relationship management skills and the ability to work constructively together as a team, sharing ideas and resources.  be passionate about delivering high quality service to customers, with focus on continuous improvement.  fluency both verbal and written skills in German, English and preferably another European language. The German Speaking Technical Support Consultant  RDBMS, SQL, Unix, ERP, XML offers an exciting opportunity for someone looking to gain experience across a wide range of architectures and differing environments whilst reaping a competitive remuneration package and progressive career path. German Speaking Technical Support Consultant  RDBMS, SQL, Unix, ERP, XML This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/GermanSpeakingTechnicalSupportConsultantRDBMSSQLUnixERPXML_job****