Title: VAX Basic Development Analyst
Webindex: 68838344
Company: Lewis Group
Description: VAX Basic Development Analyst Cleckheaton ****k ****k Salary  Benefits KEY SKILLS REQUIRED. • At least 2 years experience in a relevant OpenVMS development environment • Competent in VAX BASIC/HP BASIC for OpenVMS • Experience of OpenVMS, Unix Shell scripting and VBA programming desirable • Demonstrable experience working with Information Security standards such as ISO27001 The Lewis Group have been established for over 35 years and are industry recognised specialists in providing debt solutions to companies of all sizes throughout the UK. Their expertise extends to Collections, Investigations, Litigation, Tracing, Doorstep Collections, Debt Purchase, Specialist Support and Claims handling. Whatever your debt problems The Lewis Group are focussed on protecting their client’s reputations and adapting to find new and innovative ways to collect your debts and out perform the competition. THE ROLE Reporting to the Projects & Development Manager, you will assist in the technical translation of business/functional requirements and the analysis of system faults. Your responsibilities will include: • Modification and creation of core business software modules and related utility functions. • Development and execution of test plans (including unit testing, regression testing and user acceptance testing) for new and amended software modules. • Adherence to change control processes and ensuring that controls and procedures relevant to change release have been completed and documented satisfactorily. • Maintaining source code according to the terms of the Systems Development Policy including specified security requirements. • Recording work in progress via the IT helpdesk application. THE PERSON You will have strong experience of OpenVMS development gained in a similar role, and be competent in VAX BASIC/HP BASIC for OpenVMS. Some experience of Unix Shell scripting and VBA programming would be desirable. You will be a confident communicator both written and verbal, with strong organisational skills and possess a methodical and organised approach to your work. You will have the ability to prioritise work, build good working relationships and coordinate activity across departments and with external third parties. If you wish to be considered for this superb opportunity and to join a winning team, click apply and attach your CV. You must be eligible to work in the UK. People/Skills appropriate for this role include: Development Analysts, VAX Basic Developers, VBA, HP BASIC, OpenVMS, Unix Shell scripting, ISO27001,