Title: Programming Intern
Webindex: 70569600
Company: STEP ENTERPRISE
Description: An exciting opportunity has come up for a Computer Science, Physics, or Mathematics graduate for a 24week Programming internship at a fastgrowing Harrowbased development organisation specialising in parking solutions. The Company We work to develop a new and intuitive parking solution that would disrupt the current Pay Display and Pay on Foot offers to market. We were acquired by a competitor in 2011 and have since continued to develop the product further with approximately **** current developments on the road map including having introduced our own new payment kiosk. The Role We are looking for a Programming Intern to join us for 24 weeks to work on our flagship product; a highlyflexible, dynamic, and internetbased barrierless parking system that offers more. Using a vehicles license plate, parking operations teams can build a parking management system that suits them whether it be for monitoring, enforcement, access control, local payments or payment online. Offering a comprehensive package, the powerful data sharing interfaces make it easy to connect the system to 3rd party payment transaction systems, automatic number plate recognition, capture engines or to combined management information systems. In return, you will receive the chance to build on the skills you ve gained while at university, and be exposed to a diverse range of technologies ranging from expert systems to video processing and analytics. The internship is likely to result in a permanent position upon its successful completion. The Candidate You will be Computer Science, Physics, or Maths, with knowledge of at least two of the following: Linux, MySQL, PHP, Python and C , HTML, CSS, jQuery. You must be able to solve problems in a timely manner, be able to work as a part of a team, and have excellent numerical and analytical skills. You will be flexible and have excellent verbal communication skills. Have some experience of Web based GUIs would be desirable.