Title: IVR and Dialler Specialist
Webindex: 69022045
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Capita are the UK s leading business process outsourcing (BPO) and professional services company, within Capita Customer Management we have been managing customers for our clients for over 40 years. We work with a wide range of clients including O**** Google, British Gas and the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). With over **** employees and sixteen centres in the UK and offshore centres in India and Poland, Capita is one of the largest companies of its kind. This role is for an IVR and Dialler focused specialist to join and lead the team within Capita Customer Management based at our Head Office in Leeds. Responsibilities include; Maintaining the integrity of the applications for which they are responsible, ensuring compliance to standards and quality assurance are adhered to at all times and will driving improvements through innovation. Contributing to the development and implementation of the operating plan in line with strategy. Managing a community of developers and testers on development projects and critical support activities. Manage the Predictive Dialler platform ensuring platform stability and resilience. Design and lead IVR products solutions from project inception to rollout. Being a mentor both on technical and leadership basis. Initiating change, identifying and gaining approval for opportunities for improvment , managing the implementation of change. Stakeholder management, being the single point of contact for area(s) of expertise. Ensuring compliance with architectures, books of instructions, procedures and guidelines, quality standards and all regulatory and statutory requirements. Accountable for performance against financial parameters, and reports on budgetary aspects within own area. Significant input to budget setting/ financial proposals and reviews. Utilising Management Information to maximise the potential performance of teams and resources, monitoring performance and making recommendations in order to meet strategic objectives. Responsible for planning, objective setting, and development of new procedures within area of responsibility, through interpretative judgement of Group policies and goals. Essential Experience/Skills Experience in developing and leading dynamic speechenabled applications. Experience with integrating to backend host systems via MQ, JDBC, HTTP and Web Services. Knowledge of the full software development lifecycle: from business/systems analysis, through requirements gathering and functional specification authoring, to development, testing and delivery. Experience in technical management and support of Predictive Diallers. Experience in multiple Contact Centre Technology domains. Understands, articulates, and optimizes application and process capabilities for use by multiple/all business and IT constituents. Develops innovative solutions to complex business and technology problems. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us