Title: Technical Solutions Architect
Webindex: 68358482
Description: In the UK, Capita Secure Information Systems is a market leader in providing solutions to public safety agencies, central government departments, local authorities and voluntary organisations. We have won awards for our performance and service excellence and we are looking for a strong IT infrastructure individual to join our team, based in London, taking on the role of one of our Technical/Solution Architects. While initially based at a client site in central London you may be required to work at a small number of London based Capita Managed services accounts. You will be working with a customer that wants to use technology as an enabler to drive a more efficient business. You will be required to work with customers on technology roadmaps and devise a delivery mechanism for all associated solutions. You will be required to work closely with Capita account managers and form working relationships with Capita Group suppliers. Architectural infrastructure design Key skills  Virtualisation / VMWare / Hyper  V / Cisco / WAN / LAN / Linux / Microsoft / windows / server / infrastructure / design / implement / networking Please note that successful candidate must be eligible for Security Clearance and will be subject to a CRB check. Responsibilities will include:  Lead technical architect and technical subject matter expert for all infrastructure related issues  Undertake solution design work to underpin projects, or responding to identified issues, or service improvements that require architectural change.  Technical design authority and quality assurance of technical work delivered as part of business change.  Provided technical liaison between all stakeholders – using appropriate communication techniques depending on the audience.  Responsible for identifying areas where costs can be reduced in service delivery and in the running of the customer s architecture.  Attendance of management meetings with relevant parties  Produce technical documentation that details the technical solution and proposed approach  Responsible for projects technical lifecycle  Support procurement and purchasing activities as required  Liaise with suppliers as required to develop and implement the technical solutions, subject to the Client s policies  Support project teams that are delivering the technical solutions, including resolution of projects technical issues If you have Architectural design experience and technical authority/consultancy skills with a proven ability to lead customer and supplier discussions then please do not hesitate to apply below today.Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.