Title: Technical Program Manager (Semiconductors)
Webindex: 70781553
Company: Corporate Project Solutions
Description: Technical Program Manager (Hardware). Technical Program Manager, Semiconductor / Microprocessor Arena Program, Programme, Manager, Microprocessors, Semiconductor, Embedded Software, Hardware. My client is a leading British company who specialise in design and licensing the technology that lies inside smart connected devices. They are looking for a Technical Program Manager to come on board in a permanent capacity to work in Cambridge. The ideal candidate will have come from a Technical Engineering background , working within Hardware, Semiconductors, Microprocessors and Embedded Software . My client is also an avid user of the Waterfall Methodology. My client is looking for a Technical Program Manager who thrives on solving tough technical issues through critical management of time and resources, within large complex matrix organisation. As the Technical Program Manager you will work closely with the Engineering Management to ensure ontime delivery, and leading cross functional development teams from design through delivery, and manage all related timelines. This position involves regular communication with senior management on status, risks and change control. Crossteam coordination, project management and presentation skills are essential. Lead the effective and efficient delivery of the large, complex technical projects. Anticipate bottlenecks, provide escalation management, anticipate and make tradeoffs, and balance the business needs versus technical constraints. Maximize resources for the greater good of the organization. Identify, assess, track and mitigate issues and risks at multiple levels. Create, maintain and disseminate project information to stakeholders. Drive effective teamwork, communication, collaboration and commitment across multiple disparate groups with competing priorities Education and Qualifications A university degree (or equivalent) in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field. Essential Skills and Experience Extensive experience in Project / Program Management using leading methodologies and processes. Track record of delivering successful Technical Program Management in a related industry. Solid experience of Engineering from either Software and/or Hardware development background (ideally both) Delivered results on complex engineer products Ability to drive multiple concurrent projects, across multiple geographical locations Ensure sound and rigorous technical validity against plan Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and nontechnical individuals. Ability to manage up as well as down Track record for being detailoriented with a demonstrated ability to selfmotivate, motivate teams and followthrough on projects A solid grounding in earned value techniques and risk mitigation Professional attitude, with strong attention to detail, process oriented and organised with a flair for lateral thinking and proactive problem solving Desirable Skills and Experience Development lifecycles for software, silicon or IP development Experienced in various Project planning tools such as MS Project Project Management qualification (e.g. PMP) Willing to travel on occasional basis Professional and enthusiastic approach to work Calm under pressure Package Shares SAYE Private Medical Insurance Permanent Health Insurance Life Assurance Contributory Personal Pension scheme Relocation expenses as appropriate CPS Group Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalProgramManagerSemiconductors_job****