Title: z/OS Systems Programmer
Webindex: 68496593
Company: Spring Technology
Description: z/OS Programmer  Mainframe/Database  Cobol/CICS/DB****  Nottingham  Permanent. Salary  negotiable. Due to current substantial growth, a major corporate FTSE 100 client within the Nottingham area is currently recruiting for a z/OS Systems Programmer to join an established Mainframe support and development team. This innovative client has gained a reputation for being a leader in their field, and currently has an impressive portfolio of clients. Responsibilities of the role include: Working as part of the team you will be responsible for the ongoing delivery of a stable, secure and resilient platform which provides excellent service levels for our Mainframe clients Administer and manage the z/OS Mainframe systems, ensuring their availability and their performance objectives Install and maintain both IBM and ISV software on z/OS Take the lead on key infrastructure delivery projects Provide technical support to end users Participate in the oncall rotation Management of out of hours changes to the Mainframe infrastructure Skills and Experience: Significant experience in z/OS Systems Programming Extensive knowledge of z/OS and related products (MVS, JCL, TSO, ISPF, JES**** HCD, HMC, DFSMS, HSM, WLM, REXX, SMP/E) Experience of working with products from ISV's, such as CA, BMC, Innovation etc Demonstrate a keen interest in technology advancements and have the ability to articulate how new technology could be used to advance the business Influence and persuasion. World class analysis and problem solving skills are essential. This is a unique opening for a highly motivated z/OS Systems Programmer who is seeking an opportunity to develop their career within a blue chip FTSE 100 organisation. Salaries for this position are extremely competitive and include an excellent corporate benefits package. For more information about this role please send your uptodate CV. Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.