Title: 1st Line IT Support /IT Helpdesk Support Technician Warrington
Webindex: 72127121
Company: Mortimer Spinks
Description: 1st Line IT Support Consultant/IT Helpdesk Support Technician  Warrington, North West. My client based in Warrington is seeking a 1st Line IT Helpdesk Support Technician to join their busy support team. You will be responsible for taking and logging calls, initial troubleshooting to determine customer issues and either fixing faults or escalating calls to Technical Analysts. This role ideally requires candidates from a 1st Line IT Helpdesk Support background and people with aspiration to progress in the IT field. You must have a good telephone manner with excellent customer service skills and the desire to learn and progress your technical knowledge. Ideally you will have good working knowledge of some or all of the following:  MS Windows Server (essential)  Good working knowledge of networking and server administration  IIS  SQL  Citrix and/or Server virtualisation skills (desirable)  VMware  Good knowledge of user profiles and the Windows registry This is an excellent opportunity to join a fantastic, growing business who are at the cutting edge of technology, you will be supported through a progressive career and therefore candidates who are highly motivated, and who aspire to become a high level technical consultant within the company are required. My client are seeking candidates who have a desire to learn and thrive in a challenging environment. Salary is between will depend upon experience. You will be required to work as part of a shift system and will include 6am2pm/2pm10pm shifts and you may also be required to work some bank holidays. This may be extended to a 247 shift rota due to helpdesk expansion. The shift allowance offered can extend your salary by over ****k per annum. Own transport is required as the site is not on a public transport route and the shifts may vary. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/1stLineITSupportITHelpdeskSupportTechnicianWarrington_job****