Title: Programming Software Development and Support officer  SAS
Webindex: 72119474
Description: Our Information Management team, 230strong over two sites, has a hugely important part to play in modernising and streamlining the Office for National Statistics. And as we develop as a team, so will your career. We ll invest in your personal and professional development, and we ll support and finance accredited qualifications and chartered status. For the Office for National Statistics, people count. Whether that s the people across the country whose lives our work helps to shape, or the people who work here, producing vital statistics that informs decision making in our society and economy. We achieve results by investing in the people who work with us, rewarding their contribution and enabling a better work/life balance. We re a welcoming and friendly community of professionals, we respect each other and we re very social. We ve some impressive onsite facilities too, including a gym, coffee shop, even a hairdresser. About the roles Available at different levels of seniority, the SAS Programming Software Development and Support Officers will work with or manage a small team to provide applications systems maintenance and support services, using the following technologies: Base SAS SAS Enterprise Guide SAS AF C You ll investigate and resolve incidents, determining the appropriate actions to take. You ll manage and run processes according to schedules agreed with business customers. You ll also assist Project Managers with estimates and liaise with customers/software suppliers to identify and agree the development of system changes and enhancements in order to overcome known problems,fulfilling user requests. You will be responsible for developing new solutions and amendments to existing production systems. You ll ensure all work is carried out and documented in accordance with required standards, methods and procedures. About You For junior/EO roles, experience of related technologies (e.g. analytical tools) may be acceptable, as training can be provided. Experience of the complete applications system lifecycle and good writing skills are essential, as is strong problemsolving and confident, all round communication skills. For the senior level roles you ll also be able to demonstrate the potential to manage and develop others in a line management capacity. For senior/HEO roles in addition to the above you ll hold a relevant technical qualification, however more important is fluency in the one or more of the programming languages and data management this role supports. Hands on experience of the complete applications system lifecycle and exceptional writing skills is essential, as is strong problemsolving and confident, all round communication skills. You ll also be able to demonstrate the potential to manage and develop others in a line management capacity. At our most senior/SEO level you ll be able to lead and manage teams, providing direction and guidance on all technical aspects of application systems development and support services software. Apply For more information about us and our jobs please click the apply button. Closing Date: 10th February 2013 