Title: Security Cleared Delivery Architect
Webindex: 70757390
Description: Security Cleared Delivery Architect Consultant UK wide Salary  up to ****k benefits (based on ability) Contact  Sab Choudhury An exciting opportunity has arisen for a skilled and professional Delivery Architect to join one of the leading global providers of IT solutions. You will be joining a team focussed on helping clients implement endtoend business solutions and capabilities. Delivery Architects are a unique blend of solution architect and technical manager with the personal skills and credibility to lead and guide some of the best technical teams in the business to successful delivery. Working in close partnership with project managers, Delivery Architects take accountability for ensuring that the technical solutions we create for our customers fulfil their expectations of high quality and costeffectiveness. You are expected to be fully UK mobile and when necessary you will be expected to work away from home for extended periods of time (Monday to Friday). You will be expected to cooperate with government security checks for certain types of projects thus requiring you to hold a current or recently lapsed SC or DV clearance. My client is looking for candidates with excellent skills sets in:  Good understanding of application, information and infrastructure architectures  Current or recently lapsed DV OR SC Clearance Extensive knowledge in at least one of the following functional areas:  Application Integration (messaging, adaptors, ERP integration, JCA, JBI, WS Standards)  Service Integration (ESB implementation, service enablement, legacy integration)  Process Integration (business process integration, workflow, service orchestration)  People Integration (portals, collaboration, multichannel access, webenablement)  Ability in design and delivery of serviceoriented architectures and software development processes such as RUP (Rational Unified Process) and Agile  Demonstrable ability in the elicitation specification of architectural and nonfunctional requirements  Good familiarity with the disciplines of enterprise software development such as configuration release management, source code version controls, and operational considerations such as monitoring and instrumentation.  Exposure to secure environments also highly desirable. An enterpriseJava background is highly desirable, ideally with experience of developing enterprise solutions using at least one of the following technology stacks (or an industrial Open Source equivalent):  IBM WebSphere (Application Server, Message Broker/Queue, Portal, ESB, Process Server)  Oracle Fusion (WebLogic Server, WebLogic Integration, Oracle/AquaLogic Service Bus, Oracle/AquaLogic BPM) If you or someone you know is interested in this role then please get in touch  on **** **** **** or alternatively please send your CV to sabcarm.co.uk This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission.