Title: Business Analyst, BA
Webindex: 68359846
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd
Description: Business Analyst, BA An excellent opportunity has arisen for a Business Analyst, BA to join a fantastic, marketleading company based in Witney, Oxfordshire. This superb client seeks a Business Analyst, BA to join their team where you will be required to understand business requirements, analyse and document these requirements, and work with relevant stakeholders to ensure the successful delivery of implementations or enhancements to my client’s internal systems. The ideal Business Analyst, BA will have previous experience of liaising with internal stakeholders in order to gather business requirements. The Business Analyst, BA will also have experience of translating business requirements into detailed technical specifications. Experience of the following would be highly beneficial for this position:  Evaluating information from multiple sources  Communicating with stakeholders at various levels  Working with a technical team during the development phase  Experience of the full systems development lifecycle  Experience of process design and improvements This is an excellent opportunity to join an exciting company in a time of growth. It is a role which offers the successful Business Analyst, BA the opportunity to enhance and develop skills and further their career. If you are an experienced Business Analyst, BA looking for your next step in your IT career then this is an ideal opportunity for you. Please send in your CV in now for immediate consideration The salary for this role is up to **** if you feel that **** is not quite enough for you, please send me your CV anyway, as the salary for this role may be flexible and we might have other roles that could be of interest. Business Analyst, BA Referral Scheme: If this role isn’t for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT.If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford’s leading IT Recruitment agency.With exclusive access to some of the region’s most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessAnalystBA_job****