Title: Project Manager  Bath Area  web application projects
Webindex: 71686022
Company: Novate IT Ltd
Description: Project Manager  Bath Area  web application development projects  c.****  benefits. This is a brand new opportunity to join a small (but perfectly formed) web application development agency in the key role of Project Manager. This position offers a starting salary of circa **** plus benefits but has the potential to progress into a directorship and share holding position. The company are a well established, stable and profitable web application development consultancy with a range of clients in the local area and across the south of the UK. This requirement is for an experienced Project Manager to act as the key interface between their clients and the development team as well as assist the managing director in the overall running of the company. The company can boast great relationships with an interesting and varied client base and so this role will provide variety and a genuine long term career opportunity. Applicants must have strong project management experience gained in either a web development or software development environment, be comfortable working closely with clients and be confident to lead and manage expectations accordingly. Applicants should have an understanding of the full project lifecycle and be happy to lead a small development team made up of full time employees and freelancers. The role will involve frequent visits to clients sites (all very local or within daily commute) to assist in providing support services as well as defining and specifying new projects. Over time this role will progress into a full Operations Director s role so applicants should be keen to make a long term career move and be willing to learn new skills in order to fulfill the more senior role over time. This is a rare and exciting opportunity to take a key role within a well established company and assist them deliver projects for both existing and brand new customers. This is a genuine career move with defined progression and rewards in place already so for more details and to make an immediate application please send me your CV today. NB: Novate IT are working exclusively with this client therefore, if you haven t spoken with us you are not being considered for this role. Novate IT Ltd is a leading supplier of permanent and contract recruitment services for companies in the IT, Digital Media and Telecommunications industries.