Title: QA Software Tester
Webindex: 69997441
Company: Hewett Recruitment
Description: Software Tester, Quality Assurance, Word, Excel, Visio, Birmingham Software Tester, Quality Assurance, Word, Excel, Visio, Birmingham. This is a great opportunity for an enthusiastic and motivated individual to develop their skills in software testing whilst working in a very unique, dynamic environment. This would give the successful candidate the chance to combine their technical abilities with full training in a small, but challenging team, resulting in unbounded opportunities to progress in the IT sector. The company itself specialises in solving complex problems and providing an end user solution to their high profile client base, including International Blue Chip corporations. Based in the centre of Birmingham, the company has been a market leading software house for over 10 years. The role itself is a Quality assurance Software Tester, and will be part of a successful team that are responsible for ensuring the quality of both the software products and services that the company produce. It's essential to be a self motivated individual and delivery focussed, able to manage your own workloads whilst working in a small team. Sound understanding of the need to provide accurate estimates for the completion of tasks within a project managed timescale is a necessity. A good understanding of Microsoft Office is a must, particularly in Word and Excel, and knowledge of Visio would be advantageous, but not essential. The key aspects of the role will include, but not be limited to: Performing acceptance, functional, and integration testing of inhouse application developments; Identification and documentation of issue, followed by tracking through to resolution; Preparation and execution of test plans, cases, scripts and data, as well as documentation of any exploratory testing; Working with developers to understand, mitigate and resolve software issues. With a salary offering between **** this is an excellent opportunity for the right candidate to kickstart their career in IT, working in an environment that will challenge and develop you as a person. Based in the centre of Birmingham, commutable from Solihull, Moseley, Edgbaston, Sutton Coldfield, West Bromwich, Dudley, Halesowen, Stourbridge, Kidderminster and Bromsgrove. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QASoftwareTester_job****