Title: Integration Engineer  CSI Application
Webindex: 68496489
Company: First Point Group
Description: Integration Engineer  CSI Application Overall purpose  To perform configuration and integration of nodes and solutions in the Core, Access and Services Networks as well as for Telecom management solutions.  The solutions can be integrated in the customer's existing or new network organization or processes.  The Integration Engineer ensures that the integration is performed as planned and verifies that the solution is working as Ericsson and the customer have agreed. The Integration Engineer is able to provide a wide span of defined services.  Good experience in integrating (building following standard PDU docs and integrating to various different customer networks) the following OSS solution components:  OSSRC (both on sparc systems and blade X**** systems), both standalone and HA environments (HARS/HACS/X**** georep), including familiar with blade solution, SAN, SFS  Experience of configuring OSSRC to interface with various network element types Responsibilities  The Integration Engineer is responsible for that the delivered solution are implemented (Configured and integrated in the customer's Networks/systems) following the applicable processes and tools in accordance to the overall requirements to meet customer's expectation. If so agreed, the Integration Engineer can also be responsible for the commissioning of the Network nodes and solution, following Ericsson processes and policies.  Support presales activities, including prestudies.  Create data transcript file to configure an upgrade of existing network or a new network build.  Analyze the customers' existing Networks/systems needs and requirements, in cooperation with the solution architect.  Propose an implementation solutions for the customers in cooperation with the solution architect if is required.  Use the applicable processes and procedures to establish test specifications to integrate solutions, telecom nodes in a network.  Secure that the delivered nodes/solution is properly implemented and works in accordance with the customers agreed requirements  Document the implemented solution, and support the customer with the needed competence development to be able to use the solutions.  Configure and integrate delivered network solutions to the customer. The solution can consist of software, hardware and the related documentations/processes.  Analysis the requirement of the proposed solutions.  Plan the configuration and Integration of the proposed solution to meet the customer requirements.  Make an activities plan for upgrade of an existing nodes/solution or configuration and integration of a new nodes/solutions.  Use the existing processes, produce and instruction or design a new one to verify the integration of the products interfaces, and/or create a similar processes/instruction needed for the integration of the solutions in the customer's system.  Collect the needed information to create script for configuration of the nodes/solutions.  Make migration plans.  Perform data migration.  Perform configuration, and integration tests.  Analyze and evaluate test results.  Prepare for system demo and acceptance as required.  Support and/or participate in the acceptance test procedures.  Support customer's operational startup phase if required.