Title: Software Architect/Team Lead
Webindex: 71098242
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Our client are a major developer of high tech military communication systems. they currently have an exciting role for an experienced Software Architect to join them in their Basildon offices. Key Responsibilities Reporting to the departmental Engineering Manager, the software team lead will be expected to play a key role in the following activities: Technical: Identify future software developments to enhance Soldier System product portfolio and input into Soldier System roadmap. Software architecture; conducting, leading and coordinating software development tasks throughout the project, including key design decisions for the technology, structure, design methodology and configuration control. Manage software development projects. Lead customer technical discussions. Work alongside Systems Engineering team to ensure the software requirements are understood and adequately captured. Provide technical leadership for project and team through design and code reviews, ensuring best technical practices are applied. Work with Engineering and Project Managers to plan, estimate and deliver solutions. Report progress and budget against plan to Engineering and Project Managers. Adherence and improvement to engineering processes and procedures. Leadership: Software Engineering team leadership Resource Management Mentor and development of junior team members Maintain software skill sets adequate to support Soldier System roadmap. Conduct Individual Performance Reviews for all team members. Lead team members though change Seek and drive continuously improvement Professional/Educational qualifications HND/Degreequalified in Computer Science, Engineering discipline or equivalent experience. Prior experience required Recent engineering experience/expertise shall include the following topics: Knowledge and experience in one (or more) of the following: ASP.NET, C/C++/C, HTML, SQL and Java XML. Knowledge of Windows (Win****) software development and Windows Mobile/CE and TCP/UDM/IP protocols. Have an appreciation for: o Hard real time embedded software activities. o Higher level software targeted to operating systems such as Windows Ability to translate business requirements into a technical specification. Planning and execution of software developments Full software development life cycle Software design review chairman Team Leadership To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.