Title: Python Developer (Senior)  Django Frameworks
Webindex: 72445705
Company: Trader Media Group
Description: >As part of the Deltapoint business unit, the developer is required to create complex, enterprisetransforming business applications, writing high quality code as well as focus on continual learning and development. This is an excellent opportunity for developers with a good technical background and indepth knowledge of creating and supporting Web/ecommerce applications, to further their career with a leading organisation. Some key activities include: To contribute to the design and solution to complex business problems through innovative and reliable technology solutions. To do handson coding either working alone or others To share knowledge and learning with other team members. To build constructive working relationships everyone in the department and members of other departments, both technical and managerial and to communicate effectively. To develop system and product knowledge along with an increasing appreciation of the associated business needs and requirements. To ensure the quality of code by refactoring and reviewing. Required Experience To succeed in this role you will have experience in Python Django Framework MySQL Skills such as HTML, Javascript, CSS are highly desirable The role is for someone with strong development skills in web based application. You will be a great communicator, highly motivated, passionate about delivering quality code and comfortable working in a fast paced, collabrotive and innovative environment About Trader Media Trader Media Group operates in the UK, Ireland and South Africa. The Group is looking to expand on its winning formula: giving trade customers the opportunity to choose all effective channels to market; building the service and relationship with dealers and manufacturers; and strengthening its portfolio of automotive and specialist classified titles. Deltapoint has been recently acquired by Trader Media Group. Trader Media Group, which also owns Auto Trader, 2nd Byte and Autotrade mail, operates in the UK, Ireland, and South Africa and is expanding on its winning formula: giving trade customers the opportunity to choose all effective channels to market; building the service and relationship with dealers and manufacturers; and strengthening its portfolio of automotive and specialist classified titles. This role is based in Chester This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PythonDeveloperSeniorDjangoFrameworks_job****