Title: Mobile/iOS Developers
Webindex: 69600600
Company: JV Recruitment Ltd
Description: JV Recruitment are pleased to be offering a series of exciting opportunities within one of the UK`s leading leisure companies in Manchester city centre. We`re looking for talented Mobile Web and iOS Developers at both Senior and Junior levels to join this rapidly expanding Mobile Development Team. Naturally you`ll be really passionate about mobile development and have the appetite to stay abreast of current technologies and best practice. You will be hardworking, talented and have a thirst to do well. Mobile web development team Whether a Senior or Junior member of the Mobile Web Development team, you will get to work on the front end of mobile web applications, using the latest technologies, to ensure our client remain at the forefront of the mobile gaming and betting industry. Your skills and experience  HTML and CSS markup expert and understanding of the potential of HTML5 and CSS3, having after already used it on a project.  JavaScript  not just using libraries such as jQuery  possessing a fundamental understanding of the language and how to use it effectively.  Ability to build solid cross browser, cross device solutions that degrade gracefully and don`t compromise on user experience.  Understanding the need for performance  caching, minification, gzip compression, minimising HTTP requests etc.  Minimum 5 years commercial experience in a Development.  Web development background focusing primarily on front end web technologies and UI development.  Understanding of a server side web development technology.  Knowledge of mobile web browsing on either: iOS, Android, Windows Phone or Blackberry devices. Nice to have:  Backbone.JS  ASP.NET  TFS  SQL  Agile/Scrum  Test Driven Development/Unit Testing  REST iOS Development team After initially outsourcing iOS development our client is bringing iOS development inhouse so we`re looking for someone who can help setup and lead the team as well as join it. The team will initially be small but is likely to grow quickly. The iOS team will be responsible building new apps as well as maintaining our existing applications for the iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. The team will work alongside our clients existing award winning mobile web development team. Your skills and experience  An interest in mobile technologies and an appreciation of technological advancements.  ObjectiveC, XCode  a minimum of two years commercial experience.  A portfolio of at least one demonstrable, working mobile app  we`ll want to see what you can do  App Store submission process.  Understanding of OOP concepts.  Source Control  Agile/Scrum Nice to have:  Android/Java Development  Test Driven Development/Unit Testing  REST  Exposure to different programming languages and approaches  a rounded view on what is possible. We would like you to be:  Selfmotivated and able to work within a dynamic environment  Good under pressure and can multi task without reduction in work quality and concentration  A great communicator, both verbal and written  A passion for what you do and an ambition to push our mobile channel forward  Love working as part of a team, collaborating with technology and usability experts  Understand that achieving brilliance is a team effort  collaborate, educate, learn and build on the team around you. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/MobileiOSDevelopers_job****