Title: Junior Developer (Innovative Applications)
Webindex: 68715985
Company: Understanding Recruitment
Description: Junior Developer (Innovative Applications) We are seeking a passionate Junior Developer with experience of programming using either .Net, Java, PHP or other open source and web technologies. Your experience can be derived from either an academic or commercial environment, or from personal projects you have completed in your own time. If you match the attributes below please get in touch to see if you could join this team of Microsoft and Google partners who deliver innovative web, mobile and enterprise solutions, and who believe that Junior Developers should enjoy what they do and have time to play at work. A fantastic opportunity for a Junior Developer to deliver creative solutions to complex programming problems, in an environment that nurtures personal development and will give you a superb chance to learn new technologies. Attributes desired for the Junior Developer: Development experience using any language which could include .Net (C, ASP.Net, Visual Studio), Java, PHP or other open source and web technologies Demonstrable examples of your coding and programming from either an academic or commercial environment, or from personal projects A genuine passion for technology and innovation You will join a closeknit team of passionate professionals who are striving to create a family of individuals who share their ethos. Although a small team this organisation's client list includes Microsoft, One World Trade Centre and the Financial Times. You will write clean, accurate code and ensure you are embarrassed enough by bugs to try and avoid them in the first place. You will share the cool stuff you do through blogs and tweets and work within a team of highly regarded technologists Junior Developer (Innovative Applications) Salary: ****k  benefits Location: Letchworth, Hertfordshire. Commutable locations include Stevenage, Luton, Welwyn Garden City, Bedford and Bedfordshire. Apply now for further details and immediate consideration for this excellent career opportunity. Understanding Recruitment is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/JuniorDeveloperInnovativeApplications_job****