Title: Head of Technical Standards and Assurance
Webindex: 68687366
Company: Modis
Description: Head of Technical Standards and Assurance  Based Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire  Up to **** plus bonus, pension etc Modis are currently recruiting for a Head of Technical Standards and Assurance to be based in Rickmansworth, Herts on a permanent basis. You will become part of a leading IT and Technology company at a time where the business is really flourishing. This role has been created to take responsibility for all processes, technical standards and tools used by the business, ensuring tools and processes are in place, adopted, maintained and improved to support and demonstrate best practice, agility, cost reduction, compliance and the delivery of quality solutions. Key Responsibilities:  Maintenance and ongoing review of all development related process, standards guidelines  Standardisation of working practices and tools within development, analysis and architecture  Ensuring processes and best practice are embedded and followed within the development community  Identification and production of metrics that demonstrate and measure quality and productivity within the competency Creation, definition and management of quality standards within the competency.  Provision of internal software quality assurance in relation to development activities working closely with development managers and technical assurance to identify areas of noncompliance and improvement opportunities.  Identify barriers that impact the delivery of high quality solutions with a view to develop and implement methods to address and overcome.  Establish and embed methods to verify and demonstrate that quality activities are taking place.  Manage the governance and ongoing refinement of the development processes Skills required: Excellent organisational and personal skills to work with a variety of people  Solid understanding of strategies and methodologies required to deliver high quality solutions  Experience in identifying issues that introduce rework and or impact the quality and efficiency of software delivery.  Ability to lead and manage a small team Line management experience  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, in order to interact with Senior Management effectively  Considerable knowledge of software development and associated Software Configuration Management tools and associated processes e.g. Atlassian knowledge of multiple development methodologies i.e. iterative, agile, waterfall  Strong technical background with hands on development experience using Java and/or Oracle  Good understanding of release management  Ability to train and present to internal staff  Significant experience within a development environment  Good Influencing negotiating skills Track record in process improvement This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HeadofTechnicalStandardsandAssurance_job****