Title: Amazing Recruitment Sales Opportunity  Immediate Start Availab
Webindex: 65171487
Description: Amazing Recruitment Sales Opportunity  Immediate Start Available If you are looking for a structured, stable and rewarding sales career with a FTSE listed, international organisation, then look no further. SThree boast **** worldwide offices and 26 years experience, having recently been awarded 'Recruitment Company of the Year 2012' by APSCo. Our 2013 expansion continues in Leeds where we are currently in search of talented Business to Business Salespeople to join us as Recruitment Consultants. The Role On joining SThree, you will be in charge of the full **** recruitment cycle which means you will be responsible for developing new business and winning client vacancies and in addition, for sourcing high calibre candidates for live roles through advertising, networking, headhunting and referrals. This position requires the ability to build solid lasting relationships with clients and candidates alike to ensure repeat business. The Candidate To be considered for this role you need 1218 months telesales or business development experience. The ideal candidate will be money motivated, ambitious and resilient with strong communication skills. A degree would be preferred but is not essential. The Rewards Successful candidates will be given a competitive basic salary, a very lucrative commission structure which is uncapped and has no threshold. As one of the world's largest organically grown companies SThree offer rapid career progression in a meritocratic working environment and an industry leading training programme that goes on throughout your entire career. You will have the opportunity to qualify for company incentives including all expenses paid luxury holidays to places like Las Vegas and Marbella as well as lunch clubs at Michelin starred restaurants and company car targets. You will also receive a full benefits package. If you'd like to apply then send your CV through now. SThree are the proud winners of the 2012 'Best Recruitment Company (over 50m turnover category)' award from APSCO (Association of Professional Staffing Companies)