Title: Web Designer / Front End Developer (Photoshop)
Webindex: 71849612
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: Web Designer / Front End Developer (Photoshop) Nottingham, Nottinghamshire Up to **** DOE Plus Flexi Time If you've got creative flair, great Photoshop skills and you're bursting with ideas, this is an excellent opportunity to work on the latest eCommerce and elearning projects within a busy, exciting and dynamic development environment. Specialising in eCommerce, retail software systems, online marketing and design services, our client is an international web development agency. Renowned for their groundbreaking internet software and practical and efficient solutions, they have experienced ongoing expansion. As such, they are seeking a Web Designer / Front End Developer to join their team. With your enthusiasm for design, as a Web Designer / Front End Developer, you'll work alongside other web/software designers and developers and embrace website design challenges for high profile clients. Joining a professional web agency, you'll have the chance to use the latest technologies to provide professional, real world web solutions, as well as benefit from excellent career progression prospects. To be considered for this superb opportunity, you must have:  Experience of using Photoshop  A good understanding of XHTML, HTML, CSS and JavaScript As a Web Designer / Front End Developer, you'll have a real passion for all things design and the desire to make an impact within a talented development team. Whilst not essential, experience of any of the following would be of benefit: Flash, SQL, databases, AJAX and/or print design. To apply for the role of Web Designer / Front End Developer (Photoshop), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: Web Designer, Front End Developer, Adobe Creative Suite, Photoshop, Junior Front End Developer, Web Designer, Junior Designer, Creative Designer, Designer, Graphic Designer, Junior Graphic Designer. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/WebDesignerFrontEndDeveloperPhotoshop_job****