Title: 1st Line Technical Support (Web Anlaytics)
Webindex: 70770329
Company: Marstep
Description: Job Title 1st Line Support The Package Reports to: Helpdesk Manager Salary: up to **** The Company Our rapid growth and recent expansion plans have seen us expand into new market areas overseas which offers exciting development opportunities for the future. The Role This is a unique and very exciting opportunity to join our Support Team as an experienced 1st Line Support . The role will involve answering incoming support calls and providing support assistance via emails to a prestigious client base. There will also be a requirement to establish and forge good working relationships with other internal departments and members of staff (to assist with resolving helpdesk tickets). Training on the product itself will be provided, however, there will be a level of expectancy to pick up the more intricate functions yourself through selftesting and a desire to find solutions to reported problems. If you are technically savvy, customer service orientated and have a proven background in the support field then this could be the perfect opportunity to join a market leader. Skills Required Understanding of HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Strong Communication Skills (both on the phone and via email). Strong Customer Service Skills. Excellent Trouble Shooting / Problem Solving Skills. Exceptional skills in translating technical jargon into layman terms for nontechnical customers. At least 12 months experience in a 1st Line Previous experience using Helpdesk Call Logging Software. Excellent TimeManagement skills. Focused, driven and committed individual who strives to make a difference. Ability to work under pressure and to strict time scales. Adaptable individual who thrives on working within a Team Environment (Team Player) and is also proficient in undertaking tasks individually. Individual who shows initiative, passion and enthusiasm to achieve set targets against customer requirements. Selfmotivated Individual with a willingness to learn and develop. Desirable Skills Previous experience supporting websites Good understanding of HTML, CSS and Javascript Previous experience and knowledge of SQL/MYSQL