Title: Senior Business AnalystGUInetNorth Yorkshire
Webindex: 68358525
Description: Senior Business AnalystGUI.netYork ****k plus excellent benefits This role is responsible for the gathering and analysis of client business requirements and the design of innovative solutions in collaboration with technical, development and QA teams, using structured business analysis tools and methodologies. Ensure accurate and timely production of documentation to defined standards. Add value to clients by providing recommendations, regarding solutions design and enhancements. Work closely with clients to progress from concept to delivery; owning the business aspect of each project from start to finish. Key Responsibilities: •Provide a consultative approach to ensure client realises increased revenue, operational efficiencies and cost savings through the use of platforms and solutions, as required and/or with the guidance of a Lead BA. •Gather, document and analyse client requirements and processes. •Assist clients in identifying and representing their requirements by leading workshops, chairing walkthroughs, process mapping and data modelling exercises. •Produce business solutions documentation in response to client requirements within agreed timescales, in line with business practices and standards. •Draft design/solutions documentation of low/high complexity, in collaboration with subject matter experts, QA resource, developers and technical teams. •Undertake impact assessments for changes, identify all functional components affected and estimate effort to complete, ensuring all stages of project lifecycle have been included. •Accountable to the client and project team for Test and Production issues until implementation of fixes occurs and all outstanding recoveries and queries are satisfied. Note that duties may include 2nd line production support. •Participate in change planning, with support from senior Business Analysts, but generally involving determining resources, duration and activities required to deliver changes to existing products and implement new projects. Essential requirements: •Educated to at least A level or equivalent experience •Previous Business Analysis experience. •Previous solution design experience •Previous experience in Financial Services. •Knowledge of Prince 2 and/or UML project methodology. Desired requirements: •Experience of call centre environments •Experience working within a software house would be a nice to have •Experience of Workflow Applications (.net) •Experience in a client facing role. Skills/Knowledge: •Demonstrates the ability to be proactive and to operate under own initiative •Analytical skills •Ability to manage priorities in a matrix managed environment •Ability to communicate to both technical/developers and nontechnical people (external and internal) •Effective problem solving abilities •Strong oral and written communication/presentation skills, including workshop facilitation. Knowledge •Competent in use of Microsoft Office and Microsoft Visio •Previous experience of using some/all of the following software: Sharepoint, Lotus Notes, Mercury TestDirector •Knowledge of GUI based workflow / business process management platforms. •Knowledge of the IT Systems development lifecycle This is an excellent opportunity, please apply now for more details. LA International Computer Consultants Ltd is an HMG Approved Consultancy and operates as an IT Engineering Consultancy or as an Employment Business Agency, depending upon the precise nature of the work, for security cleared jobs or non clearance vacancies, we welcome applications from all sections of the community and from people with diverse experience and backgrounds. Award Winning LA International Computer Consultants Ltd (Recruiter Awards for Excellence  Best IT, Best Public Sector Gold Awards)