Title: Analyst Programmer (Javascript)
Webindex: 68626740
Company: Objective Professional Services Limited
Description: Based: West Berkshire Salary ****  ****  benefits This is a great opportunity to join a fast growing UK based software company that has created world beating products utilising innovative search, workflow and document management technologies. No other company in the world has products that can match their capabilities. They have achieved some stunning breakthroughs in selling to globally recognised brands and this is creating significant visibility and publicity for the company. They now need to augment their Professional Services team by hiring an additional Analyst Programmer to work on complex customer projects Responsibilities: Work with customers to analyse and map business processes Design and configure the product to deliver the functionality required by the customers. Programme and test software Deliver training and support to customers Act as the interface between the client and the product development team. Potentially manage small projects Manage client relationships Produce documentation and reports for both client and internal needs Mostly office based with limited amounts of travel. Skills: Strong written and verbal communication skills Good people and customer interaction skills A good practical grounding in software programming languages with a knowledge of Javascript Strong intellect with a structured and analytical approach to problem solving Good interpersonal skills and able to work well in a team Degree level education You must also have excellent English verbal and written communication skills. Qualifying Questions: Do you have a degree level education? Do you have excellent written and verbal communication skills in English? Do you have the maturity to work effectively with customers? Do you have a strong practical background in programming and software development techniques? Details registered on our database may be shared between Objective Professional Services Limited and our affiliated company Objective Recruitment Services Limited.