Title: SAP Payroll Consultant
Webindex: 55408226
Company: Migration
Description: Service Birmingham is a joint venture partnership between Capita and Birmingham City Council. We provide worldclass information and communications technology (ICT) services and manage the council's revenue service and contact centre, as well as a number of other valuable large and small scale IT enabled solutions to Birmingham City Council as part of the joint partnership agreement. Our aim is to support the council to transform the way they operate, by improving services, offering economies of scale and efficiencies to meet the council's business needs. We also offer our services to new customers. Service Birmingham currently have an exciting permanent opportunity to work onsite in Birmingham a SAP Payroll Functional Consultant. The SAP Payroll Functional Consultant will be an onsite SME for all Payroll related work streams. This role will sit within the SAP HR/Payroll Functional Team reporting directly to the HR/Payroll Service Delivery Manager. This role will involve working closely with both the end business user and the in house SAP HR & Payroll Functional/Technical teams. As key member of this function, you will turn business requirements into deliverables ensuring that 'best practice' methods are followed and maintained. The main responsibilities include:  Support the HR/Payroll Service Owner with the day to day operations of the Payroll Function  Incident Management  Employ best practice techniques to assure quality targets are met  Capture and define business requirements for Payroll changes  Testing any changed Payroll functionality  Owning customer business process/configuration issues and resolutions  Maintain effective relationships with all internal and external SAP support teams  Offer advice to the customer on system capability both functional and technical  Provision of detailed documentation to support the live solution Essential experience/skills: Extensive knowledge of:  Statutory Payroll Calculations and Reporting  Readingand Understanding Payroll Results  Schema and PCR Changes  Table Maintenance  Creation and Use of Wage Types  Payscales  Dynamic Actions  Personnel Actions  Work Schedules  Absence Configuration  Pension Configuration (LGPS an advantage)  Forms (Payslips PE**** essential)  Excellent understanding of the Multiple Employment Functionality  Transfer of Payroll to Finance  Experience of managing business change requests from multiple areas  Strong configuration skills in all areas of Payroll  Experience of Support Packs/Enhancement Packs implementation and support Desired experience/skills:  HR Forms  Data Sync Manager  Finance Knowledge  ABAP experience  Solution Manager  Proficient with (3rd party) SAP Authorisation tools  ISO 20000/ITIL understanding  Experience working in a local authority environment. Personal attributes/other requirements:  Good communication skills  Confident  Attention to detail  Hardworking individual  Process Driven Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.