Title: Database Developer
Webindex: 63858823
Company: Simpson Tyrrell Associates
Description: Ambitious and dedicated graduate level Sharepoint/Database Developer with a minimum of 1 year's experience sought by the UK IT team of a significant, successful and growing international Engineering business serving OEMs in high technology strategic sectors. This is an excellent permanent opportunity for a careermotivated Graduate Sharepoint Developer with well rounded database design skills who is familiar with the full project lifecycle. He/she will have good interpersonal skills, capable of working collaboratively with mostly graduate IT, Operations and Engineer internal clients, on such projects as migrating the intranet Oracle portal to Sharepoint. Projects such as this significantly enhance commercial, technical and project interactions with customer teams. The IT environment –valuable skills areas Sharepoint **** or 2010 Infopath, Workflow .Net Framework, Web Services, Webparts, HTML,XML and Javascript Oracle Database 10g or later, SQL, MySQL, PL/SQL , Forms & Reports Microsoft SQLServer **** or 2010 Visual Studio Oracle Salary negotiable within the stated range subject to mix of skills and experience gained, and also exposure to the requirement of a multisite Enterprise environment. While the main IT centre and the first phase employment is based in Lancashire, the chosen candidate will have the choice to work from either a Midlands or South West office after a successul qualifying period of 36 months. Are you up to the challenge of this appointment? Can you demonstrate through your present CV that we should be talking? To open discussions, please apply from this page and attach your CV which should include a mobile contact number and details of your present or most recent remuneration. We will confirm receipt of all applications and if appropriate our Assignment Leader will make contact with you for preliminary discussions within the next 10 days. We regret that due to pressure of time, we are unable to discuss the role with those applicants whose profiles are felt unable to match our client’s exacting brief. The Industrial Talent Recruitment Practice at Simpson Tyrrell Associates is promoting this career development appointment working for and on behalf of its client in the role of Recruitment Agency.