Title: Senior Digital Designer: Energetic and Successful Web Startup
Webindex: 69670133
Company: MyBuilder
Description: MyBuilder.com is an established London startup that matches homeowners with skilled, reliable tradesmen. We re really good at what we do, but why we do it is more important. We insist on doing something meaningful to us and beneficial to our users  we re genuinely trying to make the world a better place. Nothing is more rewarding than succeeding at a mission that you believe in. We re looking for a Senior Digital Designer to join our team in Clerkenwell, central London. We need someone who is first and foremost a designer, who loves the web and can implement their designs with solid HTML and CSS skills. The work is challenging user interface design within a sophisticated web application. Your key responsibility would be to craft elegant, effective interfaces for our customers. A few reasons why MyBuilder is a great place to work:  We believe in design. We understand the impact a wellexecuted, customerfocused design can have. With tens of thousands of active users, there are tangible benefits to striving for perfection. We need someone that lives and breathes design to help us achieve this.  We re a small, talented team. We work closely together to craft something that s truly remarkable. We ll demand the best from you and your designs. We ll expect you to demand the same from us.  We get the right things done. We focus on projects we intend to finish. Our world class development team ensures that we can do this quickly. Your design should be seen and used by our customers, rather than languishing in a neverending production process.  We re innovative, ambitious and successful. We ve created an awardwinning business, but we haven t stopped there. We re continually improving the product and our processes. The business growing, so there are plenty of interesting projects for you to sink your teeth into. A typical working day would look something like this:  Discuss a proposed new feature or usability problem with the team.  Sketch and iterate rough ideas with the product manager.  Create a stunning visual design in the tools of your choice.  Produce an HTML / CSS template of the design.  Argue passionately about the latest design trends and how they apply to us.  Observe a usability test or customer interview.  Fight the occasional Nerf war. About MyBuilder.com MyBuilder.com started with an original idea back in **** The founder of the company, Ryan Notz, was a stonemason who became frustrated with the way the construction industry worked. He noticed that even excellent tradesmen rarely have enough of the right sort of work, and at the same time homeowners find it difficult to get the right tradesmen. The web created the perfect opportunity to solve this problem, so Ryan packed away his chisels and MyBuilder was born. MyBuilder won the Seedcamp startup competition in **** received numerous other business and entrepreneurial awards, and has heavyweight backing from Travis Perkins, Channel **** and many well known internet angel investors. We ve accomplished a lot so far, but we re still a startup  with lots of exciting projects in the pipeline. We want to work with people who are curious, honest, courageous and passionate. We are a closeknit team who love the web, and who are proud to be contributing to a successful and expanding business that is making a real difference.