Title: Corporate Development Analyst  London
Webindex: 69038368
Company: SPS Resourcing
Description: Corporate Development Analyst required for prestigious financial organisation in London. The main purpose of the role is to research and evaluate potential investment/acquisition opportunities; prepare evaluation documentation including valuation model, business case and management presentations; and manage deal related administrative matters. Duties Include: To support the Corporate Development Director on MA/investment and corporate development activities. Develop and maintain an uptodate knowledge base of the global payments market through thorough market research and networking. Build and maintain a profile of potential targets in the payments market place. Undertake detailed research into potential investment opportunities. Prepare evaluation documentation including detailed financial/valuation models and analysis of raw data into comprehensive business case documents and succinct management presentations. Be responsible for updating information relevant to Corporate Development on the Athena knowledge portal. Provide administrative assistance on deal related issues and the due diligence process. Skills Required: Minimum of 3 years experience in a similar role within an Investment Bank, a Private Equity House, Corporate Finance Department of a major firm of Accountants, Corporate Finance Boutique or the Corporate Development or Corporate Finance Department of a large commercial organisation. Possess strong research, analytic, and data processing skills. Be able to interpret and summarise research data into meaningful business information. Be commercially oriented and able to take a broad view of the business without loosing sight of the essential details Be able to operate effectively on multiple projects in a transaction time horizon that can run for many months. Possess strong written and verbal communication skills. This is an excellent opportunity to join a financial UK market leader who invests heavily in their staff and who offer great career progression. For full job description email CV to SPS Resourcing or contact Stephen Savva to discuss further. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/CorporateDevelopmentAnalystLondon_job****