Title: eLEARNING INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER, BRISTOL
Webindex: 68672102
Company: Hot Recruitment
Description: eLearning Instructional Designer, Bristol: Our client is a creative and innovative supplier of learning and knowledge management solutions and courseware to some of the largest companies in the world. Due to recent growth, an exciting opportunity has arisen for an eLearning Instructional Designer to join their team. Are you experienced and have an enthusiasm for creating learning materials? Is so, we want to hear from you. THE ROLE This is a fantastic opportunity to work in a positive, fun and friendly environment where you can work with bigname clients, receiving training on leading edge tools and techniques, and progress and grow your career. You will be responsible for designing and creating bespoke eLearning courseware as part of a team, using a variety of design and development tools. THE PERSON To be considered for this challenging and rewarding position, you must demonstrate the following:  Excellent understanding of instructional design methods and a proven ability to create engaging and instructionally sound eLearning in a wide variety of topic areas  Good presentation and communication skills both verbally and using the written word  Confident working with customers and staff to build effective and successful relationships  Good organisational skills and the ability to meet tight deadlines  Logical, analytical approach with good attention to detail  Able to challenge others and win them over to a course of action you believe is right  Good initiative and ability to adapt to changing situations  Works well as part of a team and seeks opportunities to develop their own skills and coach others  Support proposal writing and able to estimate eLearning project activities  Supply a portfolio of examples such as completed courses, storyboards or other formats which illustrate your design approach. Desirable  Graphic design skills  Web site development skills (including graphical layout and technical implementation)  Video editing and audio manipulation Location: Our client’s attractive offices are just north of Bristol with stunning views of the Cotswolds. To apply for this role you must be within easy commuting distance and have a full driving licence and your own transport. THE PACKAGE Our client offers a comprehensive benefits package that you would expect from a worldclass employer. This includes a competitive salary in the range of **** to **** per annum depending on experience, profit related bonus, pension, medical plan, share options, generous paid vacation and career growth opportunities. HOW TO APPLY: Please note that in accordance with Hot Recruitment Consultants recruitment and consultancy processes, if you are shortlisted your CV may be sent to the Hiring Manager at our Clients’ business and by applying for this position you give your consent for us to do so. Applications for the role of eLearning Instructional Designer will only be considered if we are provided with a full CV detailing your recent work experience in a similar capacity with dates of employment and ensure your contact numbers and residential address details are on your CV. You must have eligibility to work in the UK. Please note, only suitable applicants will be contacted and incomplete CVs will not be considered. We look forward to hearing from you eLearning, mLearning, Instructional, Designer, Web Design, Development, This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/eLEARNINGINSTRUCTIONALDESIGNERBRISTOL_job****