Title: Senior Software Engineer (Web Services)
Webindex: 72600111
Company: University of Oxford, Dept of Psychiatry
Description: We are looking to appoint two Senior Software Engineers to work on True Colours (truecolours.nhs.uk) , an awardwinning system which uses the Internet and smartphones to support interaction between clinicians, patients, and carers, to help patients manage their own conditions, and to accelerate clinical research. Currently used in psychiatry, the True Colours system is being expanded to address other conditions, from diabetes to musculoskeletal pain. This is part of a programme of significant, strategic investment in the development of nextgeneration clinical informatics at Oxford You will be based in the Oxford Cognitive Health and Neurosciences Clinical Trials Unit (OCHNCTU)in the Department of Psychiatry, at the Warneford Hospital, Oxford. The posts are fulltime and are funded for three years You'll be working in an Agile team committed to open sourcing, leading the development of new projects, taking existing services to a national level, and delivering new and innovative features. Using the latest tools frameworks, this will entail developing rich datadriven web services using Python, Java and Javascript, and Linux. You will have g ood undergraduate degree in computer science, software engineering, or a related scientific discipline or a strong track record of experience and achievement in software development . You will be an experienced software engineer, having developed systems that are already used at a national level. You will also need to work effectively as part of a small development team, and to deal with feedback and suggestions from a wide range of stakeholders. You will have the satisfaction of seeing your software in use: improving patient care, and supporting cuttingedge research. The closing date for this post is midday on Monday **** th March 2013. You will be required to upload a covering letter explaining how you meet the job requirements, as well as a CV and details of two referees as part of your online application.