Title: Test Analyst  Norwich
Webindex: 69038523
Company: Fruition IT Resources Limited
Description: Test Analyst  Norwich ****  **** depending on exp  excellent benefits  full training and development Norwich My client is a leading consultancy organisation based in Norwich who are currently seeking a of Software Tester to be a part of a new team working on a new exciting Greenfield project. The Test Analyst will be required to improve the quality levels of software produced by the company using various test methodologies. To ensure a quality product is delivered to the client. To test various products throughout the development life cycle. Experience/skills required:  You must have recent experience working in a QA/Testing/Test Analyst role  Experience of production and execution of regression test cases  Experience of documenting test results, including faults and progress  Experience of liaising with developers to resolve faults and identify possible resolutions.  Ability to understand software specifications/requirements when required.  Ability to interpret acceptance criteria and derive tests accordingly.  ISEB Certification would be ideal  Enthusiastic / self motivated  Strong team player  Excellent communication skills  Positive approach.  Accurate and thorough.  Tenacious. Responsibilities:  Test systems using recognised test methodologies at all appropriate points of the development life cycle.  Design of both automated and manual regression tests to verify system function as defined by product specifications/descriptions.  Execution of tests using automated and manual techniques.  Provide input into the design of user acceptance criteria and documentation.  Provide feedback on suitability of software for release.  Monitoring and routing support calls and provide domain expertise to support team when needed/where possible.  Providing estimates for work in their domain.  Mentoring new staff.  Deployment of software builds to test environment.  Provide input into the analysis effort undertaken by the development team where appropriate.  Where feasible, involvement in beta testing with customers and provide training/give advice in such sessions. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a well established and technology focused organisation that offer great career progression. My client are a forward thinking business that also offer a flexible approach to work. Please send in your CV for immediate consideration. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TestAnalystNorwich_job****