Title: Helpdesk Support, London, ****
Webindex: 72578425
Company: Hyphen
Description: Helpdesk Support, Epsom, **** A fantastic opportunity has surfaced for a Helpdesk Support Analyst to work within a large multinational organisation, specialising in the Financial Services industry. This great Helpdesk Support Analyst opportunity is open to a Helpdesk Support Analyst that can successfully demonstrate comprehensive experience providing support for Point of Sales systems and in providing a comprehensive incident recording and problem resolution service. Responsibilities:  Software Distribution  ensure that all sellers have the necessary point of sale systems software to sell products. These include new agents, new firms for recruitment and also agents with new computers.  Maintain existing and produce new when required How Do I Guides. These are Captivate presentations that sit on the Launchpad system and offer selfhelp for the sellers  Testing  provide testing resource for any updates that are developed within the point of sale systems  Trigold/Crystal and CPC relationship management  liaise with external suppliers over licensing, demand and budgetary needs. Liaise with sellers and internally regarding licensing.  Helpline  ensure that incoming queries from sellers are recorded, dealt with or handed off appropriately and monitored on the Remedy system. Experience Required  Customer Focussed  at the basest level this is what the role entails, supporting and communicating to Internal and External customers  Cando Attitude  ability to overcome inevitable hurdles and barriers  SelfStarter  being managed remotely, needs to be proactive in planning activity  Communication Skills  communicating system updates, dealing with advisor issues to talking to internal business areas.  Microsoft Office Knowledge  competent in Excel, good knowledge of Access  Helpdesk Knowledge  requires knowledge of Remedy database and responsibilities of DSSD helpdesk and Business Support Team  Planning Skills  software release management and supplier management  Testing Knowledge  use of QualityCentre, running scripts and raising incidents The successful Helpdesk Support Analyst will become an Employed Consultant of Hyphen and will work onsite for our Client, a UK Financial Services Group. As an Employed Consultant of Hyphen you will receive a fixed permanent salary, bonus payment, holiday sick pay plus a number of additional benefits such as a cash health plan, where you can claim cash back on Dental treatment, Optical, Complimentary Therapies such as Physiotherapy and other services including health screening. For consideration, please apply. hyphen Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.