Title: Integration Architect  Web / Middleware / Messaging / XML / TOGAF
Webindex: 71198236
Company: Momentum Resourcing Ltd
Description: Integration Architect  Web/Middleware/Messaging/XML/TOGAF Please email your CV now for an immediate interview. Salary  ****k pa  10% Bonus  Bens My customer are a very successful blue chip company who are global market leaders in their sector. They have been established for over ****0 years and develop innovative healthcare/pharmaceutical products and utilise the very latest IT technologies to keep their competitiveedge and continually increase their market share. This is a superb career opportunity with a company dedicated to developing your amazing potential. Experience required:  3 5 years experience with systems engineering, including at least one project involving systems integration. EAI experience with heteroegeneous systems and experience with systems sofware development.  Experience with systems requirements definition and validation, including at least one project involving systems integration  Knowledge of XML, XSLT, XSLFO, XPath and XQuery  Experience with Web application or Web service development preferred  Experience with the Agile/Scrum process preferred  Knowledge of messageoriented middleware concepts and practices preferred  Knowledge of architecture frameworks (TOGAF, DOD, Zachman etc) preferred  Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, related field or relevant equivalent experience  Strong interpersonal/communications skills. Excellent organisational skills. The Opportunity: Analyze current integration landscape to identify weaknesses. Evaluation and recommend integration technology solutions and contribute to the production of new technologies. Develop conceptual and detailed integration architecture plans. work with internal and external key stakeholders driving plans to fruition. Research industry integration trends and best practices, and develop recommendations of technologies and methods to stakeholders. Create, maintain, and communicate integration architecture models and patterns. Provide integration architectural consultation, support, mentoring, and guidance to fellow architects, operations and engineering teams. Ensure that development projects receive a high standard of data quality and reuse by following enterprise standards and industry best practices for the specification of XML messages both internally and externally. Defines, improves and advocates corporate XML standards, procedures, metrics and policies. For strategic or large projects, plan and define XML definition messaging process and structure identifying cost of ownership and schedule considerations. Work collaboratively with other architectural domain and enterprise architects to recommend and design effective and consistent integration solutions