Title: Sales Manager (Healthcare IT Solutions)  Amersham/ UK Wide
Webindex: 70676575
Company: Experis Engineering
Description: Your role is to provide business development and operational leadership on your allocated IT sales project(s). Manage and drive the sales process, liaising with your customers, internal functions and partner organizations to draw together solutions that fit your customers requirements. . You will be responsible for maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction while driving up overall profitability over the lifecycle of the projects. We provide comprehensive clinical financial information technology solutions including enterprise and departmental Information Technology products, RIS/PACS Vendor Neutral Archives and Cardio Vascular IT systems, clinical Information systems and revenue cycle management and practice applications, to help our customers streamline their workflow processes, manage their healthcare costs and improve the quality of care they provide to their patients. Responsibilities:  Ensure presence and permanent follow up of Customers providing them with regular up to date information on products and services  Achievement of the operating plan (Financial targets)  Develop and maintain a high level of product knowledge of IT, Healthcare and Competitive Products.  Develop and maintain all accounts within a defined territory, develop market share and new customers  Generate, records and maintain Customer profiles, including up to date details of all key decision makers.  Provide value added solutions to the customer by cocoordinating all the resources available to the sales organization  Build a long term strategic alliance with the accounts to protect against competitive threats and continue to add value  Work closely with the Service team with an active commitment to Customer intimacy  Update and followup prospect system, orders and sales forecasts, provide market share won/lost information in line with time schedule.  Provide quotations and support tender returns  Develop and continue to update competitor knowledge feeding all information to the Product Sales Managers.  Active player within the Modality and Zone team  Maintain an effective Quality System and comply with the requirements of ISO 9001, the Quality Policy and documented processes. Promptly escalate any quality or integrity issue.  Comply with the Environment, Health Safety (EHS) Policies and applicable laws and regulations. Complete all mandatory EHS training. Actively participate in accident incident investigation and follow up. Maintain defined levels of housekeeping ensure a clean, clear workplace and participate in EHS inspections. Identify and correct hazards and unsafe conditions. Requirements: Experience working in a complex IT solution sales environment, where multiple people or organizations are involved in the purchasing decision  Solid process orientation, demonstrated resource management and allocation experience, and the ability to perform multiple tasks simultaneously  Exceptional written and verbal communication skills with customers at all levels, able to synthesize complex issues and communicate simple messages  Excellent interpersonal skills  Team working skills (including ability to harness resources to achieve goal).  Full driving license  Proven track record of year over year sales success in driving growth and/or quota attainment).  Strong IT and Clinical understanding of how IT facilitates customer workflows in a clinical setting. Benefits:  Car Allowance  Bonus  Pension Scheme.  Flexible Benefits  Good location and working environment.  Good opportunities for career development, regular reviews and career planning.