Title: Java Developer, J****EE, Serverside programming, SQL
Webindex: 66587598
Company: Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd
Description: Java Developer, J****EE, Serverside programming, SQL This is an excellent opportunity for a Java Developer to join a marketleading provider of online software. The role of Java Developer will provide a fantastic opportunity for either an established Developer looking for a new challenge, or an ambitious Junior Developer looking to step up into a more senior role As part of a highlyskilled development team, the Java Developer will play a key role in developing serverside applications. The Java Developer will also be expected to take a leading role in the design, implementation and testing of key application components. Working in an agile environment, the Java Developer will be responsible for developing highlyconcurrent software. A successful candidate for the Java Developer position will have;  A proven background in Java development, particularly serverside development  Experience with SQL coding or JDBC  Some experience with automated test frameworks such as Selenium or JUnit The Java Developer position will present the right applicant with an exceptional opportunity to further their skills and career within an Industryleading development team. So, if you are a Java Developer and are looking to work for a company at the forefront of their industry, please send your CV today to avoid disappointment. The package on offer goes up to c. **** basic salary and is dependant on experience. If however, this isn t quite enough for you, please send your CV anyway, as we may have other roles that will be of interest. Referral Scheme: If this role isn t for you then perhaps you could recommend a friend or colleague to Haybrook IT. If we go on to place that person in a permanent or temporary capacity then you could be rewarded with **** Please see our website for terms and conditions. Haybrook IT Resourcing is Oxford s leading IT Recruitment agency. With exclusive access to some of the region s most successful companies, send in your CV today to secure your next IT position. Haybrook IT Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business.