Title: iOS QA Manager / Team Lead
Webindex: 71856038
Company: La Fosse Associates Ltd
Description: A leading ecommerce client of ours is looking to hire someone to head up their iOS testing team in London. Position Overview: The QA Manager/Test Lead is required to work closely with the product owners, development and various other teams to ensure the delivery of highquality, lowdefect applications. The ideal candidate should be a fast learner and have a pragmatic approach to ensure that quality is built in right from the start. They will have experience in leading QA for iOS applications. They should have good experience working in an Agile environment and work in an efficient and competent manner within a team of onshore and offshore staff with various specific Technical skills. They need to be a strong team player and be capable of suggesting and implementing improvements to the existing process if required. Responsibilities:  Your responsibility will include test planning/strategy  Estimating the product backlog stories.  The role requires liaising with the offshore team on a regular basis.  You will be working in a delivery focused environment, working closely with senior developers and QA across a range of projects. Qualifications:  Educated to degree level in a technical subject, preferably Computer Science, Information Technology or Internet Systems.  ISEB or similar accreditation Work Experience and Education Guidelines:  Experience in performing QA lead Role in within a similar commercial environment.  Must have previously worked in Scrum, XP or a similar Agile methodology, and an understanding of Test Driven Development and/or Business Driven Development  Solid Experience of testing iOS applications on iPad and iPhone  Experience of testing mobile web  Experience working with Jira, Debug Proxy Tool (Charles)  Experience of working with Simulator  Understanding of the iOS apps release process  Excellent logic and problem solving abilities, meticulous attention to detail  Able to produce quality reports and recommendations for improving the service, systems and processes.  Able to speak and write in a clear, concise and compelling manner to individuals and groups at all levels in the company.  An innovator as well as an implementer.  Able to understand and apply business imperatives as needed. Please send your CV to Lauren.Connollylafosse.com