Title: Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master
Webindex: 71228199
Company: Anson McCade
Description: Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master (Agile, Java, Product) Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master (Agile, Java, Product) Creative, innovative global online publishing company are looking for a passionate Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master (Agile, Java, Product) to head up the drive the Agile enablement throughout their organisation. What can the company offer you? ? Full support ? including financial, from the business and technology right down from CTO level to Agile enablement ? if you?ve previously worked in an environment hostile or reluctant to embracing Agile iterative development methods and approaches, now enjoy the full backing and encouragement of an organisation genuinely aiming to become as agile as possible, as quickly as possible ? A cool, ambitious, highly intelligent and creative team ? enjoy working alongside likeminded technologists who are passionate about what they do and are embracing creative lines of thought to do it ? An excellent, very competitive salary and package ? be rewarded for the work you do ? Exciting, varied projects e.g. working with big data (Hadoop etc.) and leveraging its use throughout the organisation The Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master (Agile, Java, Product) MUST be: ? Experienced in project management and with PM methodology ? Experienced in the position of Scrum Master / facilitator of Agile scrums (formal certification is not necessary) driving agility throughout an organisation ? Strong experience with Agile methods and practices ? TDD, unit testing, continuous integration ? Technology savvy ? a background in software engineering is beneficial (particularly Java) ? Experienced working across the business as well as with the technical teams ? Experience with Product ownership ? Experience in one of the following industries: Ecommerce, online retail, online publishing, online content services is preferred but NOT essential ? Evidence of external interest in technology, java, agile ? e.g. blogging, GitHub, personal websites, conferences etc. is desirable Halfhearted Agile practitioners who juggle Agile and Waterfall methods according to different projects need not apply ? the Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master (Agile, Java, Product) as the leading voice and advocate of Agile throughout the company, you MUST lead by example. Technical Project Manager / Scrum Master (Agile, Java, Product) For more information or to register your interest, please call Aimee on [contact details removed] or drop me an email with your CV and any questions you may have to [contact details removed] .