Title: Senior Technical Architect  mobile applications
Webindex: 71098313
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Senior Technical Architect, mobile applications  London  Permanent  ****k basic  5k bonus and benefits. We are currently looking for a Senior Technical Architect  mobile applications to join a Global Consultant working in Central London. Main duties: Provide technical leadership for enterprise and consumer facing mobile applications and products across all platforms for both tools and framework selection. Oversee solution implementation from an architectural perspective Lead tools and middleware (MEAP/MCAP) analysis/decisions and assist in technical roadmap creation and maintenance Develop and enforce mobile development guidelines and conducts design code reviews Oversee mobile QA processes testing tools selection Participate in proofofconcept and prototyping efforts with other project teams in both a design and engineering capacity. Understand overall business strategy and to ensure corresponding IT strategy is supportive and consistent with technologies across all other verticals Maintains high value, current functional knowledge of best practices in mobile industry Work with client stakeholders and business users to define application scope and objectives. Provide coaching and mentoring in support of crossfunctional technical and functional resources Oversee support, solution building, RFP/ RFI response activities and provide necessary supports to presales team. Comfortable working in a fast paced environment with experience in professional services industry Desired Skills Experience Extensive experience in designing and developing enterprise scale applications having Good understanding of business processes, business objects and data models. Familiar with major backend systems (i.e. ERP, CRM, BI). Hands on application development and architecture experience with iOs, Android BlackBerry Mobile Application engineering using HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, Java, ObjectiveC etc. Experience of integrating with web services and social APIs (XML, JSON, REST, OAuth, Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, etc) Experience working in an Agile environment. Preferred: lean product development methodologies, test driven. Is hands on and can get things done as needed Integration with complex enterprise solutions and services is preferred (Oracle, SAP etc) Hands on experience in rolling out large program for Manufacturing setup  (supply chain solution, Field service enablement etc.) Knowledge and experience in professional services, securities, recruitment and staffing industry is a big plus. Senior Technical Architect, mobile applications is paying up to ****k basic  5k bonus and benefits. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.