Title: New Years Developer Banking Role
Webindex: 68496511
Company: Aston Carter
Description: New Year  New opportunity  Investment Banking Developer Role There is an opportunity to join one of the world's largest and most successful Investment Banks here in the City of London. The opportunity requires high quality developers to work within a platform for processing and managing derivatives. This is used by Interest rates hybrids, equity derivatives, commodity exotics and credit hybrids. Very technically talented developers are needed as a range of technologies is used within this platform; Java, C/.net, C++. This also includes SQL/Sybase on Windows and Linux. The candidate will need to work to meet the business needs, develop Java in the endtoend processing of derivative products. Responsibility is also being able to build stable, efficient solution as well as coding and designing. If this is an opportunity that excites you, then please check the requirements below:  Java, C and C++ and a very good understanding of the mechanisms behind largescale distributed systems, including lowlevel.  Agile programming Scripting languages such as Python, and Perl  Database experience eg Sybase/SQL.  Computer Science background at degree level (maths Engineering as well) and a good education  Experience of messaging  Messaging experience and the ability to solve complex problems, performance and delivery  Knowledge of derivatives products and an individual who excels in individual and team environments.  Strong communication and teamworking skills This is a great offer for talented and one that cannot be missed  The New Year is bring in top quality opportunities, like this one  waste no time and apply today. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice.