Title: PHP Developer  Media & Events  Hampshire
Webindex: 68099247
Company: Huntress Group
Description: I am currently looking for a strong PHP Developer to join one of the UK's leading events and delegate management companies within their Development team. This company have been listed in the Sunday Times Top 100 Companies to work for over the past 4 years running They pride themselves on delivering cutting edge technology to their clients. This is a great opportunity for a PHP Developer who enjoys not only coding but being part of the whole development life cycle such as the requirement gathering, the design and also planning. You will also enjoy working in a fast paced environment as the company has an agency feel to it with lots of projects being worked on. The role will consist of further support and development of the existing framework that is currently being used to generate the clients websites. There is also the associated toolsets, functionality and the technology solutions that work to better the clients events that also need developing. You will be required to develop business logic functionality, SQL database programming, intuitive user interfaces and all round system development. You will be required to work closely with various members of the business including internal project teams, and fellow developers. There will be occasions when you will also be required to work directly with the clients themselves. There may on occasion, be UK or international travel required due to the nature of the role. Required Skills: Strong experience of using OOPHP An understanding of front end technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript etc) Experience with relational databases and SQL (ideally Oracle) Experience using MVC frameworks An understanding of JavaScript frameworks libraries (jQuery, AJAX, JSON etc) Desirable Skills: Previous experience of working in an agency environment Experience of Linux, Apache PHP system administration To apply for this varied role of PHP Developer, please forward your CV in Word format for consideration. Huntress does not discriminate on the grounds of age, race, gender, disability, creed or sexual orientation and complies with all relevant UK legislation. PLEASE NOTE You should make yourself aware of how immigration laws apply to your situation before applying for any jobs. We are acting as a Recruitment Business in relation to this role. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PHPDeveloperMediaEventsHampshire_job****