Title: Infrastructure Solutions Engineer (Design)  Perm
Webindex: 71566082
Company: JM
Description: A leading Insurance organisation are currently looking for an Infrastructure Solution Designer Engineer to join their organisation. The successful candidate will design infrastructure based solutions that are correctly sized and fit for purpose. Key Accountabilities In order to ensure that the infrastructure solutions are appropriately aligned, the role carries a significant number of key accountabilities: Own the business and/or application team relationship for any allocated project from an end to end perspective. Provide Infrastructure subject matter expertise (SME) for business projects where necessary e.g. when dealing with 3rd parties or reviewing RFP responses Providing guidance and steer to project management to ensure correct decisions are taken, and any risks are identified and mitigated accordingly. Ensure ongoing project engagements are documented and shared with the Infrastructure Engineering team. Review of business project proposals validation of potential solutions against existing service catalogue and strategic roadmaps Delivery of solution designs according to agreed technology strategy, business demand and Infrastructure Engineering Delivery Method Provide through leadership, input and advice to major Infrastructure programmes. You will contribute to the infrastructure elements of overall IT strategy, enterprise architecture, and technology roadmap to support business needs both current and future, and strategic infrastructure directions. In addition to this you will act as design authority throughout projects, managing resolution of any infrastructure related design issues. Technical Skills; Desktop (Windows, Citrix, Microsoft Products) Enterprise Storage Products (preferably EMC Network Appliances product sets) Distributed Server Platforms (Windows, Solaris preferably) Data Networking Security Voice Networking Call Centre Technologies Data Centre Best Practices Naming Directory Services Middleware Application Messaging Collaboration, Communication Email Mainframe MidRange Solutions (IBM z/OS iSeries knowledge advantageous) Database Data Warehousing Intranet, internet eCommerce infrastructure To apply for this position you will be required to have designed complex infrastructure solutions previously. We are not looking for support professionals or administrators. We are looking for a significant amount of experience working in a large engineering or architecture function, possibly for a Consultancy or large organisation to give you the range on knowledge needed. If you fit the above criteria and would like to join an exciting company at a pivotal time, apply online today Any experience of the Insurance industry is beneficial. The JM Group and JM Digital are acting as an Employment Agency with relation to this vacancy. The JM Group and JM Digital are an Equal Opportunities employer and we encourage applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InfrastructureSolutionsEngineerDesignPerm_job****