Title: Business Analyst / Process Improvement (Housing Association)
Webindex: 66577705
Company: EasyWebRecruitment.com
Description: Business Analyst / Process Improvement (Housing Association) Position: Business Analyst Location: Leeds, with some travel across West Yorkshire Salary: **** per annum Contract: Permanent Hours: **** per week Closing Date: Thursday 24th January 2013 Interview Date: Tuesday 12th February 2013 We do more than provide places to live. We make people feel at home, transform lives and build communities; and we always aim to deliver the best customer service possible. But even when we achieve the best, we believe that we can still get better. At Connect Housing, continuous improvement is embedded in our culture and we build it into our business systems, too. That is where you come in. We need a people friendly Business Analyst who will spend time with people at all levels across our business, seeking out how they do things now and spotting how they could do them better tomorrow with the support of new technology. Constantly circulating from one department to another, you will identify issues, conceive technologyled solutions, and then “sell” users and decision makers on what change can do for them and for business results. Unique role This is a new and unique role in our organisation which you can make your own. It is also very high profile, driving business transformation, delivering development projects, ensuring that electronic processes, systems and software are fit for purpose now and for future business needs. In doing so, you will influence significantly our future technology path. There are plenty of challenges for someone who is excited about what users and technology providers can achieve together. We are looking for a champion of change and improvement with a proven track record in business transformation as well as strong technical knowledge. Practical, handson and pragmatic, you must have the credibility and interpersonal skills to build collaborative and productive relationships at all levels, and the communication skills to explain complex issues simply to nontechnical stakeholders. Make change happen You will do more than suggest solutions, you will make change happen. So you will need to be able to win hearts and minds and manage projects from idea to delivery and beyond. A selfstarter and strong finisher, you should have experience in business analysis and process testing but knowledge of housing or the notfor profitsector is really not necessary. Most important will be your commercial awareness, creativity and people skills. You may have experience of the following: Business Analyst, Process Improvement, Change Manager, Kaizen, Six Sigma, Prince **** Performance Improvement, Business Process Analyst, Project Manager, Social Housing, Business Change Manager, Service Delivery, IT Manager, Black Belt, Agile, Scrum, Systems Analyst, Housing Manager, Business Improvement, Consultant, Performance Manager, Management Information, BI Consultant, MI Analyst, Business Intelligence etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK’s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.