Title: IT Project Manager  Social Housing Software
Webindex: 67652709
Company: Code Red Associates
Description: Code Red Associates (CRA) is a leading supplier of Permanent & Contract ICT resource to a variety of Blue Chip, SME & expanding organisations throughout the UK. We are currently recruiting for a Project Manager with some Business Analysis skills and a Social Housing background for a respected organisation in London . The purpose of the role is to provide the successful planning, execution and hands on delivery of IT projects within the organisation in accordance with strict deadlines and to budget. The will involve the management & acquisition of resources and effectively coordinating team members and third party suppliers to meet business requirements. Essential experience for the role includes a proven track record of successfully implementing projects in delivering technology, systems or process based solutions for business critical activities within a customer focussed environment and across the entire project lifecycle. You will also have the Business Analysis background necessary to define requirements, map business processes and reengineer business processes to recognised Business Analysis methodologies. Indeed a formal qualification in Project Management and/or Business Analysis is sought after  for example PRINCE**** BCS, ISEB, etc. It is essential that you will have managed the successful implementation of applications and processes within a Social Housing environment, have experience of working with Social Housing business processes and of working with Social Housing Management Software (such as Aareon QL, Northgate Housing/OHMS, Civica Universal Housing/CTX, Orchard Housing/arcHouse, Kypera Housing, Capita Academy/OPENHousing, Kypera Housing, et al). As an individual, you will be a motivated selfstarter with excellent communication skills, adept at building relationships with project stakeholders at all levels. You will be customer focussed, be able to present to & influence customers/stakeholders from executive level to ground floor. In return you will be given the opportunity to progress your career in a nurturing environment in a market leading organisation committed to developing their employees. Code Red Associates acts as an Employment Agency/Business with regards to this vacancy. As an Equal Opportunities employer Code Red welcomes applications regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, disability or age. All applicants are considered on the basis of their merits and abilities for the job