Title: Senior Analytics & Optimization Manager
Webindex: 68674031
Company: MBN Recruitment Ltd
Description: My Client is a pioneer in the development of digital analytics, a/b/n and multivariate testing, and behavioral targeting and is looking for a senior candidate to help clients integrate their analysisdriven approach with their digital strategy and goals. Their team members work closely with user experience, creative, development and client relationship teams to deliver an exceptional, resultsfocused actionable analytics and optimization program that drives clear ROI. They are looking for a passionate and strategic online manager to join their team. Responsibilities: • Manage the global measurement and optimization programs across clients or client channels. • Help clients define web channel goals and key drivers. • Manage client site digital measurement and testing strategy • Understand and champion actionable attitudinal and behavioral data collection and analysis • Provide an analytical and quantitative methodology for behavioral segmentation for clients • Manage team members and/or direct reports to complete assigned projects on time and within budget  mentor and train junior staff. • Manage and report on ROI of measurement and optimization programs for client • Act as primary point of contact with client senior management. • Contribute to the portfolio through thought leadership and innovation • Drive business development both within existing clients and prospects. Required Skills: • Deep online or offline marketing analytics. • Experience inactionable analytics and optimization or offline equivalent (media/creative testing, DM list management etc.). Ability to derive and present insights from data. • Strong familiarity with optimization and targeting tools, such as Omniture Test Target, Google Website Optimizer, and others. Ability to define A/B/n and multivariate test scenarios and success metrics. • Strong familiarity with behavioral analytics tools and processes. • Ability to monetize financial gains from optimization projects and to prioritize projects based on • ROI impact. • Ability to build segments and predictive models based on qualitative and behavioral research • Web Strategy Background (5 years). • Excellent communication presentation skills. • Experience working with senior managers and executives. • Experience in strategic marketing and/or business management. • Experience managing complex projects to tight timelines. • Some travel maybe required. Additional Desired Skills: • MBA or equivalent business experience. • Deep statistical background or data mining experience • Direct marketing or CRM • Benchmarking industry, competitive and/or vertical views Email an updated CV for more information and a full job spec. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorAnalyticsOptimizationManager_job****