Title: Application Integration Architect  Java, J****EE, Strategy, TOGAF
Webindex: 72372613
Company: Streamline Connections
Description: Application Integration Architect  Java, J****EE, Strategy, TOGAF, Spring My client, a leading financial company currently seeks an experienced Application Integration Software Architect to join their team. The skills for this role include Java, J****EE, Spring and TOGAF. Key Accountabilities Work with project stakeholders using elicitation techniques and consulting frameworks to elicit significant functional and nonfunctional requirements and build 'trusted advisor' relationships. Understand what all stakeholders want and need from the architecture and help stakeholders see the value of the architecture and understand how to use it successfully. Understand the current system context and the external elements that must interact with any new or changing system component, including but not restricted to users and other systems. Develop software architectures in specific business or functional areas which meet the present and future requirements of an organization, utilizing an appropriate set of architectural styles and patterns, and selected products. Essential Criteria Technical Extensive skills in architecting integration solutions for enterprise customers on large scale, distributed systems' projects covering a number of Real Time (high availability and low latency) and batch applications. Definition and management of interface specifications and implementations. Experience in architecting and integrating solutions featuring J****EE technologies, Core Java, Spring Framework, Web Services (SOAP or REST), Hibernate etc. Experience in validating/analysing requirements from the business and cross functional teams to determine the proper application integration solution. Translate business and user requirements into accurate system requirements specification documents through systems and data analysis. Definition, design, and management of Solution Architecture components and lowlevel Technical/Software Architecture design documents. Extensive experience in integration patterns, best practices and implementing integration solutions (Application, data, process, services), including COTS integration, using ETL Tooling (preferably Ab Initio), Messaging, web services and File Transfer tools. Experience in the development of and adherence to integration standards, principles, whether development/tool related, data related, process related or messaging related whilst maximising reuse of existing components and patterns to accelerate delivery and improve supportability. Competence in working with project team to shape solutions by suggesting initial Integration designs that categorise Integration points into Servicebased, EAI or ETL and identify the appropriate design pattern for each. Experience in contribution to/recommendation of Data Policy and the technical solution for the management, storage, access, navigation, movement, and transformation of data. Experience of enforcing principles of good canonical data design. Ability to examine and enforce opportunities to provide data reuse, balancing the issues of centralization and replication. Ability to develop a centre of excellence in all the integration matters, issues, challenges and ability to strategise/roadmap the future integration needs of business. Proficient at communicating strategies, policies and complex technical issues to both business and technical audiences. Experience in use of Architectural Views and Perspectives. Expert knowledge of modelling techniques, Unified Modelling Language (UML) and expertise in documenting software architectures using UML. Excellent overall knowledge of a broad range of technology and technology trends Experience with Legacytype systems and stateoftheart designs Maintain a working knowledge of new technologies and practices in order to enhance the provision of credible and impartial advice whilst identifying opportunities for innovation and technical improvements Good experience of architecting and designing with IT systems security technologies and methods. Application Integration Architect  Java, J****EE, Strategy, TOGAF, Spring