Title: Solution Architect  Delivery Validation
Webindex: 69669763
Company: Spring Grp 
Description: Due to considerable growth my client of Europes largest telco providers is currently recruiting a Solution Architect within the Delivery Validation team . The Delivery Validation team sits within Customer Management Delivery and is responsible for the ongoing delivery of IT Services via outsourced managed service providers. The primary focus is to ensure business needs are satisfied in a cost effective and timely manner aligned to IT strategic plans whilst preserving the value of the managed service agreement. Role purpose: To maintain technical ownership of the systems within assigned area of expertise, by monitoring and guiding solution design activity undertaken by Suppliers or internal teams. To provide the project delivery community with consultancy to enable cost effective and timely delivery of solutions from outsourced IT Managed Service Suppliers whilst protecting the integrity of the commercial value of our contracts. To provide both commercial and technical validation of project solutions proposed by Suppliers. To provide a technical escalation point for project delivery issues across numerous distributed services provided by key suppliers as well as internal teams. This requires working closely with other departments within Everything Everywhere as well as with 3rd party vendors and business users. Key Responsibilities Provide the project delivery community with consultancy to enable cost effective and timely delivery of solutions from outsourced IT Suppliers. Provide Validation expertise to review requirements presented to Suppliers and corresponding solution deliverables from Suppliers (impact assessments, HLDs and delivery plans) to ensure solutions are fit for purpose and costeffective Critical Knowledge Experience Experience in high profile solution design roles. Proven experience of delivering complex technical solutions in a diverse environment Strong commercial acumen with 3rd party management experience. Experience of managing relationships with software suppliers and thirdparty development partners, of product / package selection and of delivering those products into a production environment. Exposure to CRM and billing environments would be desirable but not essential hyphen.com Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.