Title: ETL Developer/$****  ****k/SSIS/Downtown
Webindex: 66505463
Company: FirstPro
Description: ETL Developer The ETL Developer will be responsible for the analysis, design, development and maintenance of ETL processes and applications. The position will be about 75% ETL development and 25% support. Ideal candidates will be passionate about exceeding client expectations and is driven to learn new ETL technologies and operating systems. In addition, candidates must be able to understand complex data structures, and will have a strong understanding of logical and physical database design. Responsibilities: Work with application developers, business partners, management, and Datawarehouse team. Develop ETL procedures based on business requirements and service level agreements. Responsible for delivering quality data integration projects. Responsible for reviewing requirements, architecture, and design components of ongoing and upcoming projects. Responsible for developing and documenting the systems, processes and logic required to expose the existing data sets in the warehouse to end users for reporting and analysis purposes Responsible for hands on development using SSIS and ETL tools and processes. Keep abreast of the tools, techniques and components being used in the industry through research and applies this knowledge to the system(s) being developed. Monitor ETL applications for performance and improvement opportunities. Ensure the quality, consistency and security of company data and Datawarehouse systems. Ability to switch easily between different projects and flexibility to handle a rapidly changing environment for large volumes of data. Troubleshoot and diagnosis complex software problems. Packaging and release management. Required Skills/Experience: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, MIS, or equivalent Minimum 4 years overall ETL experience, especially SSIS. Handson experience with all aspects of designing, developing, testing and implementing ETL solutions. Strong technologist with excellent data analysis and ETL architecture/design/development skills. Work comfortably with both business and technologists. Knowledge of data modelling and designing databases. Ability to work in a fast paced environment on several projects Solid understanding of SDLC, software best practices and development methodologies. Strong analytical and diagnostic skills Good knowledge of metadata, and using/managing metadata. Ability to develop and organize highquality documentation Take responsibility for performance tuning Understanding of building data warehouses for analytical and Business Intelligence solutions Ability to understand the business solution that the Datawarehouse serves Ability to troubleshoot issues in a multitier environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills; Preferred Skills/Experience: Experience with data warehousing and starschema (dimensional) data models a plus. Knowledge of topics such as clustering, queuing and BIDW a plus Knowledge of some Linux/Unix operating systems and Shell languages is a plus Knowledge of .NET languages and/or Python is a plus Besides SQLServer, experience in various databases, such as Teradata, Vertica, and/or Oracle is a plus