Title: Infrastructure Engineer  Windows  Exchange  HyperV
Webindex: 69039738
Company: Senitor Associates
Description: Infrastructure Engineer  Windows  Exchange  HyperV Location  Manchester Salary  Up to **** dependant on experience Our client, a successful finance company, is looking to hire an Infrastructure Support Engineer to join there growing team. They offer great career opportunities with the options to eventually progress into an IT managerial position. As a company they are very secure in what they do and have a solid IT infrastructure built upon a Windows platform. They are looking for someone that is confident with Windows implementations up to a 2nd line level. Ideally you will already be working in a 1st/2nd line position wanting to progress into a more hands on infrastructure role. The ideal candidate will be confident, personable and have a real drive for progression. You will understand all aspects of windows and have a thorough understanding of Exchange. Your knowledge of exchange should be advanced enough for you to comfortably support it independently. They also use virtualisation extensively within their organisation so if you have experience of supporting HyperV it is extremely beneficial. You will be taking on a varied role within this company, supporting the users and taking a hands on approach to the company network, almost a jack of all trades. There is training available with this position, working directly under the IT manager you will constantly be learning whilst on the job. The company is always looking at refreshing their systems so the ability to build networks from the beginning upwards is extremely advantageous. Key Skills Windows 2008 Exchange server HyperV Network Implementation Configuration 1st/2nd Line Support Any of the key skills listed above should be clearly highlighted in your CV. The client is looking to get someone started as soon as possible so if you have positive outlook, drive to grow in a career and a can do attitude this is the role for you. Senitor associates was recently voted 'Best National Recruitment agency of the year' by people like you We go the extra mile to make sure we find you the right position so please either send your CV to claire.wellsSenitor.com or call **** **** **** to represented by people that care about your career Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InfrastructureEngineerWindowsExchangeHyperV_job****