Title: Category Manager  Leading eCommerce Company
Webindex: 68096102
Company: Intelligent People
Description: Category Manager  Leading eCommerce Company Category Manager / Buyer  eCommerce / Consumer Electronics Buyer c.****k  Bonus  Bens London Category Manager / Buyer  eCommerce / Consumer Electronics Buyer required for the eCommerce division of a market leading global Online Media company. The Category Manager / Buyer  eCommerce / Consumer Electronics Buyer role involves sourcing products and deals, putting business cases forward as to why the products should be purchased in terms of sales analysis and forecasts, managing a budget and building great relationships with external suppliers within the consumer electronics space. The Category Manager / Buyer  eCommerce / Consumer Electronics Buyer will:  Develop the consumer electronics product offering by bulding relationships with national brands and manufacturers  Regularly refer to sales and site analytics to make productdirection decisions.  Carry out supplier negotiations, securing excellent prices along with the required payment terms, delivery and quantity.  Regularly communicate with suppliers, building a great relationship with them along the way.  Understand and harness group buying / flash selling principles effectively.  Possible future management of junior buyers.  Attend trade shows where appropriate.  Keep a constant eye on product trends on rival websites, and a drive to make creative decisions about future trends. The Category Manager / Buyer  eCommerce / Consumer Electronics Buyer must have:  Strong contacts in the consumer electronics industry and be able to hit the ground running  An eye for great products and an ear to the ground of current trends.  A great understanding of customer needs and finding the perfect products to match.  Desire to take ownership of and grow the Consumer Electronics category.  Great negotiation skills to secure products at brilliant prices.  Previous experience as an assistant buyer or buyer and will enjoy working as part of a dynamic and ambitious team. Our client is a fastgrowing, global Digital Media organisation who are experiencing a rapid stage of growth. The company host a wide range of popular and well known hightraffic websites including a successful daily deals website. The role is ideal for an ambitious candidate who is looking to learn, grow and develop new skills in a fast growing and dynamic organisation with global ambitions. Intelligent People are a specialist Buyer recruitment agency. Keywords: Buyer, Online Buyer, Ecommerce Buyer, Category manager, Consumer Electronics, Trading Manager, Digital Merchandising, eCommerce, Online Merchandiser, Online Trading, Web Merchandising, eCommerce , Retail, eCommerce, , Internet, Web, Retail, etail, etail This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/CategoryManagerLeadingeCommerceCompany_job****