Title: Hands on Team Lead
Webindex: 70769956
Company: CBSbutler
Description: Job Title: Hands on Team Lead Salary: Up to ****k Location: Norwich Job keywords/tags: Team Lead , Client Management , Performance Testing , Load Testing , HP LoadRunner , HP Performance Centre About the Company: My client is a leading independent testing consultancy, trusted by major Blue Chips to mitigate IT systems risk since **** Over the last 20 years, they have worked on business critical challenges across a broad range of industry sectors. They often work with our clients over multiple projects and many years. We count over **** companies as past and present clients. Their clients say their strengths are in their people, processes and partnerships. These are upheld by their skills, experience and project management expertise, so if you want to be part of a winning team with a worldclass reputation, APPLY NOW The Role: An opportunity is available for an experienced Team Lead with good performance testing skills to work for my client, one of the leading UK Software testing consultancies. If you are a Performance Test Consultant / Team Lead with a solid background using LoadRunner coupled with strong Team Leadership experience and are seeking a fresh, hands on challenge then this role will be perfect for you. This is a key onsite contact role which is focused on delivering the required services to the client and leading a team of performance Test Consultants from the front and helping shape the performance testing strategy. If you are someone who can balance the needs of the client, the company and their consultants, whilst achieving consistent results; you will love this challenge. Essential Skills: Leading teams of test consultants on projects Building strong business relationships with the client and working with them to understand their requirements over the short, medium and longterm. Helping to shape these requirements. Liaising with the clients, stakeholders, business users, test teams and other external subcontractors. Building relationships with Developers, Architects, Test Managers and support teams to coordinate testing, resolve of problems and manage test environments. Hands on delivery of performance testing services using a number of tools including LoadRunner Writing/reviewing test strategies and plans Preplanning with Test Managers any requirements for changes in resource requirements and overtime Providing estimates for resourcing, overtime, and future requirements Reviewing testing activities to ensure they fall within the estimates Driving forward process and service improvements Weekly status reporting to client and our management team Administration related to managing the service delivery team  approving overtime, holiday requests, staff rotation Take part in the monthly Service Review Meetings. Reasons to join my client: Career Progression: A continuous career progression, potential to Team Lead/ Project Lead and beyond Professional Development: They have a strong culture of training and development and the successful candidate will receive further development in both consulting skills and technical development on existing and new tools Challenging Projects: As specialists we focus on the challenging work, projects where others fail and we work predominantly in the finance sector Be a part of Growing Company: The Company is 20 years old and has grown consistently. They have ambitious and exciting plans to grow further so it s definitely the right time to join them and be part of our success Job keywords/tags: Team Lead , Client Management , Performance Testing , Load Testing , HP LoadRunner , HP Performance Centre