Title: Peripatetic IT Technical Trainer (Northern Home Counties)
Webindex: 71676078
Company: Aspire, Achieve, Advance Limited
Description: The National IT Partnership is a training partnership specialising in the delivery of IT apprenticeships across the country. NiTP aim to provide the next generation of high quality IT Support Technicians to feed the demand for qualified IT professionals through the delivery of high quality Level 3 training including the CompTIA A and Microsoft professional qualifications. Working in partnership with Further Education colleges NiTP has become the provider of choice for many of the UK leading businesses. We are now actively seeking an IT Trainer to work across our Academies in the Northern Home Counties and further afield if necessary. You will be required to provide cover where needed and to mentor/guide our learners through the programme, working towards achieving set KPIs. We are looking for trainers who hold the CompTIA A, MCDST and MCITP. MCSE and MCSA would be an advantage as would experience of working on funded training programmes/apprenticeships. You will also hold a PTTLS or teaching qualification. You will be working closely with the apprentices enrolled with NiTP, and as such you must be able to relate well to the **** age groups. We are seeking trainers with a passion for IT and a passion for working with young people. The nature of this role requires a car owner/driver with the flexibility to travel and stay overnight as and when required. Please note: this role will be home based. Applications would be welcomed from trainers that also hold an assessor qualification (A****). There is a requirement to pass an enhanced CRB check for this role  the cost of the CRB check will be covered by the employer. If you feel you have the skills required for this exciting and challenging role AND can be flexible in relation to working time and location, please email your CV along with a cover letter detailing your skills and experience to recruitment3aaa.co.uk Aspire Achieve Advance Ltd is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/PeripateticITTechnicalTrainerNorthernHomeCounties_job****