Title: Java Developer, Web Developer
Webindex: 67947303
Company: TEKsystems
Description: My client is part of the most successful Online web and eCommerce organisations. They are currently challenging the likes of Google and Apple with their achievements and market status. They are growing at a significant rate and have a requirement for Java developers across all levels. They are looking for back end Java developers who have credible skills and knowledge across Java. The key skills are; Java Struts Spring Hibernate MySQL Linux In return they can offer you the opportunity to work in an extremely creative environment with the opportunity to take ownership for your development projects. You will be working on exciting projects which help to create the online image of the organisation. If this sounds like you or you would like to know more information please contact me on **** **** **** or rlaughlinteksystems.co.uk My client is one of the fastest growing technology companies in the UK and their head office and all IT functions are based in their Manchester City Centre office. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.