Title: Automation Analyst  Bladelogic and MS Opalis
Webindex: 72161348
Company: WBRS
Description: An opportunity has arisen for a highlymotivated and adaptable Automation Analyst to join the Systems Automation Team. Within the IMS Department the Applications Run Service is responsible for the running and maintenance of all applications services to ensure maximum availability and deliver services to agreed business and environmental requirements. The scope of the department includes: Database Run Services Internet Middleware Scheduling, Alerting and Automation The Automation Services team is responsible for the design, implementation and support of automation policies and procedures, using industry leading technologies. Main Roles and Responsibilities Carries out the full range of defined tasks associated with operating and controlling the installed hardware and software around the BMC BladeLogic/Microsoft Opalis toolset. Works as a project resource on delivering Automation solutions. Performs a technical expert role, acting as subject matter expert in the BladeLogic/Opalis area working on technical implementation plans and low level design work. Identifies operational problems and contributes to their resolution. Supervises and gives instruction to less experienced colleagues in all aspects of current and correct operational practice. Ensures that documentation of the supported systems and software is available and in an appropriate form. Ensuring adherence to agreed Service Level Agreements set for Automation processes. Conducts investigations of operational problems, makes proposals for improvement, and implements them when appropriate. Participates in reviews of systems performance, provides advice, and assists specialists or other system or service providers to plan details of amendments and upgrades to systems. Reviews records to ensure that problems are managed in accordance with agreed standards and procedures. Ensures adherence to escalation procedures. Responds to escalated, complex and high impact problems in a timely fashion. Development of Automation functionality to meet business requirements. Thirdparty supplier liaison. Main Skills and Experience Required Proven ability to work in a pressured environment and multi task to achieve tight deadlines. Subject matter expert in both BMC BladeLogic and Microsoft Opalis. Displays a disciplined attitude to following procedures, keeping records, and caring for equipment and other assets. Assimilates technical information when logically presented and utilises technical skills effectively with minimal reference to others. Has welldeveloped communication skills, and a methodical approach to problem solving, using appropriate tools. Maintaining focus on agreed objectives and deliverables whatever the business circumstances. Understanding the needs of the internal or external customer and keeping them in mind when taking actions or making decisions. Has a good understanding of the platforms that the Automation tools are leveraged against. Meeting targets and fulfilling agreements even when adverse circumstances prevail. Applying quality standards to all tasks undertaken and ensuring that nothing is overlooked.