Title: Strategic Development Manager  EMEA
Webindex: 69895882
Company: Excel Technical Resourcing Solutions Ltd
Description: Strategic Development Manager  EMEA Job Description: Job Description As a Strategic Development Manager you will work across the EMEA region and business lines in a matrix environment to:  Both lead and participate in a variety of strategic development type projects such as: the assessment of identified conceptual opportunities; the development of business cases to help secure investment; the development of detailed execution plans  Often working with Senior Regional Leadership, you will be required to bring structure to projects through the use of strategic frameworks and detailed analysis.  Take daytoday responsibility for the management and coordination of the Annual Strategic Planning process undertaken by the EMEA region as part of the broader global strategic planning process. This regional activity is typically a Portfolio Management exercise which spans across both business lines and markets.  As an individual, you will have high levels of motivation, the ability to work independently with low levels of supervision and be comfortable both leading and working within crossborder, multifunctional virtual teams. You will be numerate, have first class analytical abilities and a thorough attention to detail. Key Responsibilities  Undertaking detailed analysis both independently and within teams in the assessment of concepts and opportunities  Play a lead role in carrying out market validation exercise and consulting with key stakeholders to assess the viability of strategic initiatives  Work with stakeholders across the business to help develop business cases and define detailed execution plans for agreed strategic initiatives  Take daytoday responsibility for the coordination and management of the regional strategic planning process  a regional activity which spans across the business lines Candidate Requirements: Job Requirements and Qualifications Personal Attributes & Experience:  A good understanding of both: Business Strategy  process, tools, frameworks with experience in their practical application. Strategic design  how to take a strategic initiative and design to the next level of detail so it is clearly understood and ready for implementation  Experience in the delivery of strategic development and market analysis assignments which could include market sizing and analysis, competitor analysis or high level commercial analysis i.e. building or interpreting business cases.  The ability to manage multiple ongoing projects supporting senior stakeholders (EMEA Exec, BU Leaders) and teams from across the business.  The ability to interact effectively with people from across the business demonstrating strong interpersonal, communication and workshop facilitation skills. The confidence and ability to challenge colleagues effectively is important.  An ability to work effectively in a matrix organisation and preferably experience of working in an international organisation  A good awareness of the effects of macroeconomic and market trends on businesses.  General awareness of key financial metrics that are important in a strategic growth environment The ideal candidate has worked for these types of companies: Global consultancy background  Deloittes, Accenture, PWC Willingness to travel Often The ideal candidate has worked for these companies: Global consultancy background  Deloittes, Accenture, PWC A description of the ideal candidate:  Strong Uni  ****:**** or above  Global consultancy background  Numerate  Strong attention to detail  Ability to challenge  Collaborative  Great influencing  Worked and delivered through virtual teams  Self starter  Excellent communication  Ability to work across different cultures Looking for a move in to industry, background in strategic development, can understand the frameworks, articulate problems, structure work to analyse the problems and to make decisions, Ability to apply frameworks to bring stakeholders together and view the options. Then build in the next level detail. strategic development manager