Title: NET DEVELOPER SQL MVC WCF ASPNET
Webindex: 68181430
Company: Asure Recruit
Description: NET DEVELOPER SQL MVC WCF ASP.NET Exciting, Successful, Entrepreneurial Group are offering an excellent opportunity for an Experienced driven ASP.NET C developer to join the Project Delivery team. We are looking for a ASP.NET C developer who has a track record of successful delivery and enjoys the excitement of a fast paced, growing business. As ASP.NET C developer within the Group you will be working in an exciting, diverse and changeable environment. You will be a valued member of the Project Delivery team and expected to deliver high quality business analysis across a broad range of projects, initially focusing on a network and infrastructure enhancement programme. Purpose To design, develop and maintain enterprise calibre software for internet, mobile and desktop channels. Essential Skills: Minimum 5 Years experience in an IT depart either Insurance or Finacial Services Strong SQL Science or Maths based Degree Working in a growing team of **** developers the incumbent will utilise their experience of large and small operations to deliver a range of software products for a diverse group of customers. The role would suit a delivery focused individual with broad knowledge of the Microsoft stack. The nature of solutions will range from highly available ecommerce applications for regulated entities to desktop and mobile applications. Main duties Collaborate effectively with interdisciplinary teams to define, design and deliver robust and maintainable software. Calling on solid, real world experience of the Microsoft platform, contribute to architectural design decisions and route maps. Interact with business clients of all levels to elucidate requirements and propose pragmatic solutions which add business value. Experienced in user interface design principles and client side development frameworks and standards, including JQuery, CSS3, HTML5 Adjusts communication style to suit the ambient environment. Working knowledge of modern design techniques, including: domain driven design, standard design patterns, Test Driven Development (TDD), unit testing, SOLID principles. Be familiar with software delivery tools and processes for concurrent development and be proficient in source code management practices. Be familiar with a range of agile practices and positively contribute to collaborative working processes. Exposure to a wide range of development languages and tools including highly structured and strongly typed languages. Be proficient with relational database design principles for highly available financial solutions. Can perform Database administration functions on Microsoft SQL server 2008 and above. Proficient with performance tuning and monitoring on SQL server. Proficient with ORM solutions and their application to enterprise solutions. Proficient with SOA practices and tools, including WCF, SOAP etc. Experienced in deployment and configuration management activities. Required Skills C, ASP.NET MVC  4 years plus Object Orientated design Agile methodologies SSRS Analysis services Integration services Team Foundation Server [or equivalent] SharePoint  Desirable SQL Server 2008 and above