Title: Mobile Web Developer  Global Business with Shazam creator
Webindex: 72248363
Company: PCR Recruitment Limited
Description: Mobile Web Developer Global Business in Central London ****K circa inc bonus and superb benefits (25 days hol, pension, season tkt loan, childcare vouchers, free onsite gym/swimming pool) Want to experiment and work with innovative products? Imagine the freedom of a start up but with the security and perks of a global organization, this is it You also get to work with Senior Shazam guys Our client is the world s leading source of intelligent information for businesses and professionals. They combine industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers in the financial, legal, tax and accounting, scientific, healthcare and media markets, powered by the world s most trusted news organization. An exciting opportunity has arisen for an experienced HTML5/CSS3 Developer, working closely with the designers to integrate designs seamlessly into the chosen technology; coding for performance, scalability, and maintainability as well as for pixel perfection. Must have exceptional skills hand coding HTML5 and CSS3 and an understanding of Object Orientated CSS. Working in an agile team, you will, collaboratively, conceptualize, design, document, create, debug and test connected mobile web solutions. The aim is to provide a truly unique, integrated and realtime experience for the enduser across a wide range of applications and devices. This role is very unique as it will be placed with the newly acquired mobile innovations team and will require agility and vision more traditionally attributed to early stage startups. The team is ultimately the ideas think tank for the whole global business so they openly encourage their developers to experiment with innovation. To give you a sense of the atmosphere and the group you will be joining, we have included a brief outline below. You will be working for and with other developers all the way up to the C level, people who have spent time in the trenches and may even have built a few things you use. The technical hierarchy is simple and there is minimal overhead associated with navigating it. Engineering appropriateness and the best compromise, when required, will always win out on politics . They strive to create a team where the boldness of vision is not tempered by a distant board or early stage cash crunches. For those of you looking at this from a startup background, we feel you. If you enjoy exploring your limits as a developer or have never worked in a place where you could say the preceding with a straight face, we encourage you to come and talk to us. REQUIREMENTS Essential Skills  Deep and demonstrable experience on Web Development using HTML5, CSS3, JQuery and related technologies  Deep understanding of JavaScript and asynchronous programming  Demonstrable experience and understanding on building applications for different platforms (fixed line web, mobile browsers, etc.) and their unique characteristics  Demonstrable experience with LAMP or similar stacks. Alternatively Java web frameworks, like Struts or Wicket or JSP running within Servlet Containers Previous Experience  Proven experience in designing, developing and debugging web frontends integrated with Web Services/Content providers and backend services  Proven experience in interfacing and working along with technical and design teams  Advanced ability to convert complex requirements and abstract concepts into working designs and software applications  Experience in the full software development lifecycle  Strong organizational and problemsolving skills  Strong ability to evaluate alternatives and understand business and context implications and its impact  Experience working in an agile development team  Experience in building multiplatform solutions (rendered both on fixed line and mobile devices)  Experience collaborating with customers/clients is a plus  Demonstrable experience in domain analysis and conceptual thinking  Demonstrable experience selfmanaging time and fillingin gaps in requested tasks and communicating deviations Other skills of interest:  Knowledge of programming languages beneficial (Java, ObjectiveC, Ruby, etc.)  Ruby on Rails  OO design and data modelling skills  Experience with version control systems (git, subversion)  Familiar with data parsers (from different formats like JSON, XML, Protocol Buffers, etc.)  Experience with Enyo.js is a plus Personal characteristics  Great Interest in the mobile industry  Passionate about problem solving  Excellent communicator  Confident and proud of his/her work  Proactive and selfmotivated  Value judgment and common sense over process  Ability to learn quickly  A sense of humour always helps