Title: Non Functional Testing Specialist
Webindex: 69043388
Company: PMC retail
Description: Non Functional Testing Specialist c****k South East My client, a provider of managed testing services delivered by a blended mix of on/off shore resources , is enjoying significant growth in its Testing business. This has created the need to recruit a NonFunctional Testing Specialist to head up their NonFunctional Testing Specialist Practice. With the remit to develop and grow their technical testing proposition/team in the areas of performance, automation, security, load, stress and OAT, the NonFunctional Testing Specialist will Build, develop and manage the nonfunctional test team, defining roles, and capacity requirements. Deliver (both personally and through the team) non functional testing projects for key clients, through the full project life cycle. Contribute to, develop and review new business proposals, strategies and deliverables to ensure that all projects meet client requirements, through all stages of the life cycle. Define new nonfunctional test propositions, creating the necessary processes required to ensure successful delivery to clients against ISO Standards. Create and maintain a nonfunctional test technique toolkit, ensuring the most appropriate test methods are employed on client projects, ensuring best practice at all times. With a proven history in non functional testing management leading a technical test team (of both on and offshore) the NonFunctional Testing Specialist Considerable experience of estimating scheduling complex NonFunctional Testing engagements coupled with a proven track record in delivering Performance and Automation testing engagements using a variety of tools. Excellent team leadership, management and interpersonal skills, including the ability to recruit exceptional talent, develop and retain it. Broad based technical knowledge encompassing nonfunctional test tools such as HP Performance Centre, HP Load Runner and/or Facilita Forecast. Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to establish client credibility in both presales and engagement delivery roles. In return for your experience and expertise, my client offers an environment that is friendly, open and meritocratic; where all have the opportunity to develop personal skills and expertise. Opportunity exists for personal development and career progressions are excellent in this rapidly expanding company. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NonFunctionalTestingSpecialist_job****