Title: Business Development Manager  Defence
Webindex: 67894716
Description: Business Development Manager We currently have a requirement for a Business Development Lead to work on an exciting new permanent role with one of your leading clients. The role is based in Hampshire and boasts an attractive salary and benefits package. Applicants are required to hold or undergo SC Clearance for this role therefore you must be willing and eligible to undergo the clearance. Duties / Responsibilities This position is responsible for leading the growth of the client in UK and Europe. The responsibilities include developing and leading the implementation of business growth strategies, investment roadmaps, nearterm and longterm capture of new business, customer interfacing.  To lead a group of **** business development professionals in identifying, qualifying and capturing new business across Defence, Security and Intelligence.  Establish strong networks and structures to enhance collaboration with US based businesses within the company to maximize the ability to win and grow business in the UK and European Markets for the entire enterprise.  To lead the formation and execution of a panUK growth strategy for the company  To develop customer and industry partnerships, as well as developing and executing contact plans leading to new business opportunity identification and qualification.  To coordinate all Internal R D investments relevant to the UK/Europe and to ensure they align with the client s strategic and tactical objectives.  To determine appropriate trade shows, and customer and industry events at which the client should participate and coordinate attendance with the Communications team.  To ensure yearonyear orders and sales growth whilst remaining within an agreed budget. Qualifications / Experience  Experienced leader in managing and coaching 5  **** direct reports.  Preferably a University Graduate with a degree in economics, business studies or engineering.  An MBA or similar qualification would be an advantage.  Proven experience within government or industry supporting areas such as Defence, Intelligence, Security and ICT.  Proven ability to work as a team player.  Ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines.  Commitment to ethical business conduct and working within diverse environments. Required Skills  Thorough knowledge and understanding of the target markets and customer bases in which to achieve growth: Defence, Security Intelligence.  Must have good leadership skills with emphasis on Shaping the Future by establishing targets and direction, driving entrepreneurial innovation, and leading change to enable our growth targets.  Ability to identify the core business capabilities and to capitalise on core business as part of the growth strategy.  Proven experience in pursuing and winning new business  delivering growth commitments.  Excellent communications skills. E.g. to conduct briefings and technical meetings for internal and external audiences.  Strong leadership skills including the ability to manage a geographically diverse team.  Commercially astute with the ability to see business opportunities and take them through to conclusion.  Able to view a particular situation or campaign from more than one perspective.  Politically aware and able to recognise politics in campaigns and use that to the best but acceptable effect.  Have an excellent grasp of the culture and mindset of new and existing customers.  Know the competition and how to use that knowledge to optimum effect.  A strong motivator of people with the ability where appropriate to hold a team together under the most adverse conditions in business development campaigns.  Good communication skills both written and spoken covering both one on one and group presentations.  Innovative, resourceful and tenacious.  Capable of arguing convincingly for the radical approach while still understanding traditional values and their benefits.  Able to work alongside strong personalities without creating conflict and animosity.  Ability to influence key decision makers.  An individual who naturally stands out amongst peers.  Integrity and honesty. Benefits include Working permanently for this company entitles you to a number of good benefits  Good pension scheme  Private medical health insurance  25 days holiday (with the option to buy more)  Sickness and accident plan and life assurance RECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we d like to recognise your recommendations with a thank you of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you **** You will be required to hold a minimum of SC security clearance. If you do not hold an active SC clearance please familiarise yourself with the vetting process before applying. Please forward your CV to apply by email admindatasourcerecruitment.co.uk to discuss this role further. We would be delighted to hear from you (c) Copyright Datasource Computer Employment Limited 2011.