Title: Senior Magento Developer  ECommerce
Webindex: 66922661
Company: Taylor Green
Description: Senior Magento Developer My client are offering a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Magento Developer to join their technical team. Your duties will include: Candidate skill requirements: A very senior PHP developer, preferably with at least two big Magento sites under his/her belt. Experience with Varnish, Redis, MySQL, and some Linux admin stuff would be very desirable, and if possible some automated testing with Behat or PHP Unit. They should have led a team of developers, and be able to mentor and guide the other developers. PHP 5.3Magento, either CE or EE Zend Framework Varnish MySQL Redis Nginx  FPM APC BDD with Behat, Mink, etc very much desirable, but not a strict requirement Needs to have run at least two largescale Magento websites Preferably from an agency background You should be able to communicate clearly in English, and eager to further your knowledge and the knowledge of the team as a whole. Benefits: Successful candidate will benefit from excellent career development opportunities Paid training and holidays Subsidised private health care through Pru Health Great working environment, refurbished office with kitchen facilities Casual work attire, good working hours and competitive pay rates Employee and family discount This is a fantastic opportunity and is truly a rare chance to join such a fast growing company. Successful candidates will be required to attend at least **** face to face interviews. Proof of identity as well as eligibility to work in the United Kingdom, will be required at interview stage. Due to the high level of expected applications, if you have not received a reply from us within 7 days then please assume you have been unsuccessful on this occasion. Taylor Green Recruitment confirms its commitment to a comprehensive policy of equal opportunities in which individuals are selected and treated on the basis of their relevant merits and abilities and are given equal opportunities. The aim of this policy is to ensure that no job applicant or employee should receive less favourable treatment on any grounds not relevant to good employment practice. It is Taylor Green s policy as a Recruitment/Employment agency to treat all people equally irrespective of race, ethnic origin, sex, marital or parental status, sexual orientation, creed, disability, age or political belief