Title: Service Desk Analyst / Incident Analyst  Support / Service Desk / ITIL / Service Delivery
Webindex: 68359679
Company: Assured Recruitment Solutions
Description: Service Desk Analyst  Support / Service Desk / ITIL / Incident Management / Problem Management / Service Delivery ****K The Role My client, a fast paced business who are a market leader in their sector, have a requirement for an Incident Analyst to join their team. This new role will be responsible for minimising service interuptions by quickly reacting to any incidents reported to the Incident Management team, ensuring that the impact of these incidents on the business is as minimal as possible. The Incident Analyst will be expected to provide hands on fixes or implement workarounds to ensure that services are restored within agreed service levels. Reporting to the Senior Incident Analyst, the Incident Analyst will be responsible for recording all incidents in the ITSM database, applying incident and problem matching to quickly restore service and providing full closure details including root cause analysis. You will contribute to the service knowledge bases and provide knowledge transfer to colleagues and other teams as needed. This role is based on a twentyfour/seven Service Desk so shift work will be required. The Person The ideal candidate will have experience of working in a Service Delivery / Service Desk team, ideally within an ITIL environment. You will have knowledge of the incident management process, preferably supporting nTier environments, with an understanding of a wide range of systems and technologies, and the ability to take ownership of all incidents assigned and to coordinate the support activities of internal and external support providers. Any experience with the following technologies would be an advantage: Degree in an IS Discipline Informix MySQL/MsSQL Citrix Active Directory Cisco SupportWorks Linux experience Apache experience ITIL Foundation Certificate in Service Management The Company This is an excellent opportunity for an Incident Analyst to join a well established but growing, dynamic organisation who are keen to invest in their people. The business are a leader in the media area, they are embarking on some key projects over the coming months and the Incident team will be key in providing the support to ensure IT are able to offer an excellent service to the business users. This is a new role within a new team so it is a great time to make your mark within the business and the ideal opportunity to further your career within a forward thinking company. If this sounds like the role for you apply now This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ServiceDeskAnalystIncidentAnalystSupportServiceDeskITILServiceDelivery_job****