Title: Systems Operations Manager
Webindex: 69170600
Company: Swim Bristol
Description: Swim Housing Team are currently looking to recruit a Systems Operations Manager in Northampton on a temporary basis, working full time initially for 4 months. Your job will be to:  To design, implement and manage all processes for the development and operation of business systems within the agreed scope of BIPI Business Systems and their interfaces with other systems.  To lead a team of System Administrators, Systems Design and Implementation Officers, whose prime role is to ensure system development and business as usual activities relating to business systems, is undertaken in an efficient and disciplined manner.  To be the link between project based system development and business as usual operations; and ensure that the risks inherent in changes are controlled and changes are implemented on to the live systems in the most efficient manner possible.  To be the guardian and champion of the systems and their effective management and use. You must have the following qualifications:  Graduate level or equivalent professional qualification or relevant proven experience.  Evidence of professional, academic or management studies in one or more of the following disciplines; HR, Finance, IT or Procurement. You must have the following experience: Advanced level and understanding of managing systems change within a large complex organisation.  Significant knowledge of IT service delivery  Significant knowledge of project management and project delivery.  Experience on managing operation interfaces between corporate business systems  Experience of managing all stages of the software development lifecycle In return for your skills, Swim can offer an excellent pay rate of up to **** per day based on experience. Swim can offer you:  Excellent and highly competitive rates of pay  A range of positions throughout the UK, many exclusive to Swim  PAYE or LTD company payments  Membership to our PSL of umbrella and limited company providers  Guidance and advice on CVs/Interview techniques/ working through an agency  Speedy online enhanced CRB disclosure  Support from an experienced, dedicated and friendly consultant  Dedicated payroll consultant to help with queries, to ensure prompt payment This is a great opportunity For more information please contact Francesca Rouart at Swim francesca.rouartswimrecruit.co.uk (****) **** **** or click 'apply now' and send us your details. Swim is an Equal Opportunities Employer If this position does not fit your professional qualifications, but you are interested in registering with Swim, please check our website for a list of our current vacancies www.swimrecruit.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SystemsOperationsManager_job****