Title: eCommerce Solution Architect  ********k  Benefits and Bonus
Webindex: 68805831
Company: Recruitment Consort Limited
Description: eCommerce Solution Architect  (ATG, Websphere, Java) JSP, Servlet, HTML, CSS, Javascript, AJAX, Webservices) J****ee Technologies (e.g. JMS, EJB, JTA) eCommerce platforms (e.g. ATG, IBM Websphere, hybris, Demandware) Web Frameworks (e.g. Struts, Spring,Hibernate) Design Patterns (e.g. Java, J****EE, GOF) Application Server (e.g. Weblogic, Websphere, Glassfish) Others (e.g. XML, UML) eCommerce Solution Architects are urgently required by my Tier **** Systems Integrator eBusiness practice. The eCommerce Solution Architect will design, build and support some of the largest, most comprehensive and most innovative web and cloud solutions in the Enterprise technology world. Responsibilities Providing expert consultancy to assist clients with their overall eCommerce strategy, designs and delivery programmes Helping clients to get more out of their existing eCommerce channel Identifying the best eCommerce technologies and services based on client needs, constraints and strategies Proactively supporting the sales teams to provide eCommerce expertise in bids Acting as eCommerce solution architect, working with the deliveryteam in large or complex programmes Leading key capability development, knowledge management and research exercises across the community and mentoring less experienced members of the community. Proposing, defining and developing propositions in the web area that they should be offering to its clients and to the market as opportunities or technology innovations arise and directing the development of products/tools, intellectual property or other assets across projects and sectors. Key Skills Candidates with good understanding of Application, Information and Infrastructure Architectures in the Public and Private Sectors Extensive experience in the following functional areas Web Technologies (e.g. JSP, Servlet, HTML, CSS, Javascript, AJAX, Webservices) J****ee Technologies (e.g. JMS, EJB, JTA) eCommerce platforms (e.g. ATG, IBM Websphere, hybris, Demandware) Web Frameworks (e.g. Struts, Spring,Hibernate) Design Patterns (e.g. Java, J****EE, GOF) Application Server (e.g. Weblogic, Websphere, Glassfish) Others (e.g. XML, UML) Experience in integrating systems together to form an enterprise solution using appropriate middleware solutions Experience in design and delivery of Service Oriented Architectures and software development processes such as RUP (Rational Unified Process) and Agile Excellent communication influencing skills with provenability to lead teams and deliver innovative, but realistic solutions to complex client problems. Experience successfully working with designers, IAs, and developers to achieve balance between user needs, enterprise requirements and technology constraints Proficient at communicating strategies, policies and complex technical issues to both business and technical audiences. Comfortable when presenting to a senior audience. Ability to develop productive client relationships at different management levels and identify and develop opportunities for new business Fully flexible approach to working hours and working away from home during the week Qualified to degree level or having extensive experience Experience with a wide variety of other webrelated systems such as web analytics, multivariate testing, search engine optimisation, web content management and product information management Will have an awareness and opinions on emerging technology trends on the internet and in modern society such as social networking, social media, web **** smartphones etc Consulting Skills Wellread on the latest happenings in the industry, able to think strategically about a clients needs but also able to be pragmatic and outcomefocused in delivery, including handson work where needed Comfortable expressing pointsofview, making recommendations and presenting analysis and recommendations up to board level where appropriate Will possess the ability to clearly articulate the pros and cons of technology choices and solution design decisions and to construct and present rational options to clients and prospective clients on the options they have Comfortable facilitating group discussions and leading client strategy and design activities; able to translate client needs and opportunities into web architecture specifications that can be referred to by the analyst, development and migration teams Ability to prepare elements of sales proposals to represent their web expertise, pointsofview and approaches