Title: Java Developer Cuttingedge technologies up to ****K
Webindex: 72678567
Company: Ascent People Ltd
Description: Java, developer, Web development, Web services, DB**** Flex, Hibernate, programmer, engineer/ Manchester Are you a Java Developer with an extraordinary passion for Java and proven creativity? Are you in a search for a new role and a new challenge in your career? Your search stops now as our client has a perfect opportunity available. Based in Manchester, this is a fantastic company to work for, having established an excellent track record of winning new business worldwide, building their success. This success has only been possible by all involved in the business working together to meet the customers needs in an efficient and innovative manner. Our client has a great future that offers scope for individual talents to flourish in each of their businesses. Salary benefits: a fantastic salary package of up to ****K plus excellent benefits. Essential skills for a Java Developer:  Solid proven Java development experience in a commercial environment  Handson experience of software development throughout the whole development lifecycle including design, development, testing, deployment and support.  Experience of leading small projects/developments  Methodologies/Tools/Platforms: Java **** ( above desirable), Javascript, JSP, Struts, JDBC, Hibernate, Tomcat, XML, Webservices, Linux  Attention to details and willingness to take responsibility for all work and code produced  Ability to work independently  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills  Creative innovative  Drive and determination for continous improvement Location for the Java Developer role: within commutable distance from Sale, Stretford, Altrincham, Manchester, Stockport, Cheadle, Warrington, Salford, Oldham, and Rochdale. Please send your CV now to izabella.dediuascentpeople.com for immediate consideration. Applicants from all ages and backgrounds will be considered. Ascent People Ltd is acting as an employment agency for this vacancy.