Title: Java (j****ee) Developer  Leeds
Webindex: 66195341
Description: My client is urgently seeking talented Java developers to join their fast growing team. You will need at least a couple of year's commercial experience with Java or a very strong Java technical skill set. You should have experience in J****EE, Spring, MVC, Hibernate, SQL, CSS and XHTML. This role would be ideal for an enthusiastic developer who is capable of solving complex problems, while at the same time producing a robust, efficient, secure and scalable solution.We are looking to more than double our work force in 2012 and this will be achieved by employing a number of Java superstars There is plenty of chance to learn new skills and really catapult your career forwards. This is a rare opportunity to join such a rapidly expanding ambitious company, who offer you huge career development and on the job training. Key Responsibilities: Engaging with other developers and product managers to establish project requirements and goals. Developing the platform according to specification and meeting deadlines. Driving innovation by coming up with new and interesting ideas for our products, services and processes. Pointing out issues with the existing architecture and code, and cleaning it up. Key Qualities: Enthusiastic about new technology and software development Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal The ability to meet deadlines under pressure A self motivated individual with strong work ethic A strong team player with a flexible, enthusiastic and positive approach Strong attention to detail with an analytical mind Highly Desirable: Clear evidence of contributions to an open source project(s) Experience with agile software development methodologies This is an exceptionally challenging and rewarding role working on developing some of the most advanced solutions in the industry with a successful, fast growing company. If this is of interest to you or you would like further details get in touch ASAP Colin on **** **** **** or email your CV. To find out more about Computer Futures please visit www.computerfutures.com