Title: Dell Field Service Technician
Webindex: 71792291
Company: Extra Personnel
Description: Day to Day Work: Respond to technical service requests on variety of Desktops, Laptops, Printers, C P and Epos equipment. Candidate must have hardware and software experience to support a wide variety of client owned equipment. The candidate should also be knowledgeable on a variety of Microsoft products and other desktop applications, including common operating systems. Majority of assigned daily tasks are scheduled service events related to networked retail equipment in Banking, Retail, and Home user environments; either hardware breakfix or software configuration . Key Responsibilities: Responsible for the installation, deinstallation, on site repair or whole unit exchange of customer owned products; testing the hardware and software to specific client requirements. Replacing or upgrading client owned systems which includes hardware, software and network configuration. Install and optimize hardware/software/networking products and configuration at customer sites. Ensure customer satisfaction by achieving a first time fix, where possible, advising the customer on resolution of the issues. Punctual call updates and closures to control on completion of the task. Take full ownership of the task and responsibility to report any followup services required or problem escalations. Technical and Behavioural Skills required: Must have good educational background to High School level Experience in a field service or support role Must already have or be able to pass CRB, PES and Financial Background checks Must have valid drivers license and Estate Vehicle or preferably small van with appropriate insurance and MOT Proficiency in Windows operating systems, Microsoft Office software Ability to troubleshoot and repair software and hardware issues Experience communicating with Blue Chip clients; excellent communication skills required. Cisco, Dell (DCSE), A certifications are highly desired Must be available for afterhours oncall rotation Must be available for varying shifts / days including weekends on a rotating basis. Experience with setup, operation and maintenance of Windows, workstations, printers, peripherals, and touchscreen monitors with repair down to component level Be able to rapidly establish a good working relationship with end users and other professionals Ability to work as a part of a team and to collaborate with colleagues Excellent interpersonal skills including tact, diplomacy, and flexibility Work quickly, efficiently, and accurately Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously Basic tool kit to perform field service hardware repairs Working knowledge with IBM, HP, Compaq, and Dell laptops.