Title: Reporting Project Coordinator  Digital Technology
Webindex: 72032653
Company: GRADUATE RECRUITMENT COMPANY
Description: Reporting Project Coordinator  Digital Technology Central London ****k  excellent progression opportunities The opportunity has arisen for a bright, analyticalminded graduate to join one of the most exciting digital businesses in London. With a huge client list and new offices opening across Europe, this business is poised for a hugely successful 2****13 and they are looking to recruit bright graduates As specialists in the digital space, this company focus on applying data and technology to mathematical models in order to make online advertising as efficient as it can be. They have had huge success in the US and now are changing the UK advertising landscape as well. Based in stunning offices in Central London, you will be joining a team full of brilliant individuals with lots to teach you. This is an opportunity in which you can use your numerical skills in an exciting business that is growing rapidly. Reporting Project Coordinator  Digital Technology The Reporting Project Coordinator role is integral to the successful delivery of campaigns for clients so your role is an important one. This is an entrylevel role which will start off quite processdriven but this opportunity will give you the chance to immerse yourself in the intricacies of online advertising so you will become a specialist in a new field in no time. Responsibilities for the role include: Navigating internal and external systems to set up reports for data synchronisation Be the primary contact for external data providers and ensure they are able to provide the required information, updates and data required Set up reports and resolve any queries which arise Participate in daily calls, reviews and track how the supplied data is performing Troubleshoot any problems Communicate effectively with internal teams and external contacts Manage and prioritise data suppliers and partners Reporting Project Coordinator  Digital Technology To apply for this role you must have excellent analytical skills and be confident with large datasets as the role will see you working with and analysing large quantities of information. You will also have some commercial experience, having been exposed to both Excel and analysis in a business environment. The ideal candidate for this role will have: A BSc/MSc from a top university within an quantitative discipline (Maths/Statistics/Physics/Engineering etc) Experience or placement in a working environment and numerical/analytical role A strong interest in the digital advertising and technology sector Advanced Excel skills (pivot tables/vlookups/formulae etc) are essential Excellent communication skills Willingness to learn from your peers Apply for this role today and become part of one the most exciting digital businesses around by sending me your CV via this website. Please note all applications will be made in confidence. Feel free to call me directly on: Zoe Jeanes Senior Digital Consultant  Graduate Recruitment Company **** **** We have a variety of graduate roles on at present (****k****k), for candidates with 0  2 years experience, so if this is one is not suitable; please call me to discuss other exciting opportunities which you can apply for. Please check out my profile on LinkedIn: Search for Zoe Jeanes Follow us on Twitter: GradRecCo or find us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/graduaterecruitmentcompany Job Sectors: Research Jobs | Digital Marketing Jobs