Title: DELIVERY CONSULTANT (FINANCE AND RISK TRANSFORMATION)
Webindex: 71774688
Company: Code IT Recruitment Ltd
Description: DELIVERY CONSULTANT (FINANCE AND RISK TRANSFORMATION) Fantastic opportunity to join a global management consulting, technology services and outsourcing company, serving clients in more than 1****0 countries You will join a team offering a full range of global delivery servicesincluding enterprise solutions, system integration, technical architectures, business intelligence, infrastructure consulting and technology research/development. The sheer variety of work they do, and the experience it offers, provides an unbeatable platform from which to build a career. Responsibilities Candidates will likely have very DEEP SKILLS IN ONE AREA or a COMBINATION OF SKILLS ACROSS SEVERAL AREAS Large scale technology replatforming o Finance, Risk, Treasury architects able to operate at the highest level o Technology savvy programme managers who can deliver on time budget in a complex environment o Senior business analysts who can provide practical and insightful analysis requirements o Oracle OFSAA skills. Regulatory driven implementation programmes o Regulatory programme management o Regulatory programme analysis. Large scale offshoring or outsourcing o Offshoring programme management o Shared service design implementation o BPO design implementation. Development and implementation of new operating models/reorganisation of the retained onshore function (CFOs for example) o Operating model design in Finance, Risk, Treasury o Skills, talent, organisation design in these areas Required Skills. Team leadership skills. Experience of high profile work with tight timescale. Extensive project and stakeholder management experience. Communications and governance management. Vendor/Partner analysis and selection. IT Implementation life cycle planning. An ability to quickly understand the key value drivers in a business and how these impact the scope and approach of client assignment. Experience of running Governance Committees with senior stakeholders, with all associated processes. Proven ability to rapidly distil key facts from multiple sources and to synthesise appropriate ideas and actions into plans. Thorough understanding of the administration and hygiene side of project and programme management, eg RAIDs, plans, budgets, forecasts, resource management, etc. and a proven ability to cope under stress with tight deadlines and challenging constraints. Understanding of the key drivers for change in investment, commercial and retail banking in the current economic and political environment. Experience or desire to shape client propositions and commercials. Experience of ERP systems and implementations, including Oracle and SAP or other Finance and Risk related technologies (package or bespoke). Proven experience of working with Project Management methodologies (eg ADM, Prince 2 Qualified). Strong problem solving skills. You will ideally have an Undergraduate degree (at least ****). Experience of having lead or had a material role on transformational programmes of work across Finance, Risk or Treasury domains.