Title: NHS LSMS Specialist (Local Security Management Specialist)
Webindex: 68359778
Company: Experis IT
Description: I am currently recruiting for a Local Management Security Specialist (LSMS specialist) for my client, a large NHS Trust in London. In their capacity as LSMS the successful candidate will deliver the LSMS function/role for their clients. They will also support, as and when required, the delivery of the LSMS function to any clients and all other duties required by the SMS Service Level Agreements with clients. Additionally, the members of the SMS division may be used to undertake any special investigations, including but not exclusively, those in the area of physical attack and theft, as requested from time to time by any client. The successful candidate must have the following: Accredited LSMS Academic education preferred Good GCSE (or equivalent) grades in Maths, English or IT Security Management professional studies The following essential skills are also required for the role: Covert surveillance techniques Subject observation techniques Witness statement interviewing and writing to standard required by PEACE, Police/CPS Case file maintenance and report writing to standard required by police, CPS and clients. Interviews under caution in compliance with PACE and PEACE The PACE Act Effective personal time management and efficiency Good personal computer literacy and use of Microsoft Office applications Relational database design, construction and use The successful candidate must also have experience in the following areas: Sufficient direct experience of Security Management or Investigations work in either the private or public sector. Direct experience of security management in the NHS. Experience in the prosecution of security incident cases Interaction/liaison with senior client officers Experience and up to date knowledge of civil and criminal law as it applies to security breaches and their investigation Monitoring and review of compliance with laid down standards and procedures Data analysis and synthesis/ problem solving Development and implementation of a Risk Assessment to assist in the allocation of client resources. Creation and review of security related policies Please note we need someone for this position as soon as possible and there is an immediate start date. For more information, please send through an updated CV. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NHSLSMSSpecialistLocalSecurityManagementSpecialist_job****