Title: Senior Security Analyst
Webindex: 70691245
Company: ARM
Description: Security Analyst  IT Security  Information Security  Hampshire  CISSP  CISA  CISM ****  ****  Benefits Hampshire  Portsmouth Security Analyst My client is one of the most recognisable companies in their field, supporting around 10million customer across various brands. They are currently seeking a proven IT Security Analyst to join the Info Sec Analyst team, responsible for identifying operational IT risks, vulnerabilities and incidents and managing them to an acceptable level of risk. You will be expected to: 'Design, coordinate, oversee and execute security testing procedures to verify system security and management of remedial action, as identified through threat and vulnerability assessments. 'Following up on deficiencies identified in monitoring reviews, selfassessments, automated assessments, and internal and external audits to ensure that appropriate remediation measures have been taken. ' You will report to management on residual risk, vulnerabilities and other security exposures, including misuse of information assets and noncompliance. 'Manage by leading security investigations and compliance reviews, to include identification, collection, preservation and processing of relevant data. Additionally, you will collate security incident and event data to produce monthly exception and management reports You will be able to demonstrate: 'Substantial combined IT and security working knowledge, with a broad exposure to infrastructure/network and multiplatform environments; 'You will also demonstrate knowledge in Information and IT security and its business relevance as well as have proven knowledge with common information security management frameworks, such as International Standards Organisation (ISO) ****/**** and the IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL), Control Objectives for Information and Related Technology (CobiT) and National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) frameworks. Any candidates with CISSP, CISM or CISA qualification would be considered hugely desirable. To find our more, make an application or to start the interview process please contact Tom Hickling on [blocked] or [blocked] or Tom.Hicklingarm.co.uk or apply via this website. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, SaaS, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunications, Manufacturing and much, much more. We will never send your CV without your permission.