Title: MS Dynamics CRM Technical BA
Webindex: 69019199
Company: Nigel Frank International
Description: We need a Dynamics CRM Technical Business Analyst to work on a large multinational project. This is a long term ****  12 month contract that will be extended in to 2014. You must be a Dynamics CRM hybrid and be functional and technical. This position is technical and functional and you will not only be working as a Business Analyst but you must be able to develop and implement corporate data sheets Skills  Functional and Technical Dynamics CRM Business Analyst experience  Master Data sets  MS Access databases and Excel spreadsheets  Dynamics CRM experience and performance related data  Logical Data Sources  Data Gap Analysis and data profiling This is a long term contract looking for a Dynamics CRM specialist. If you want a long term contract then this is for you To apply: This project will undoubtedly attract high volumes of interest so to discuss this and other exciting Microsoft Dynamics and SharePoint opportunities in more detail please send your CV or call Daniel Hackney on (Apply online only) in complete confidence ASAP. Nigel Frank International is the Global Leader in Dynamics Recruitment, advertising more Dynamics jobs than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners & End Users globally and we have never had more live requirements & jobs for Microsoft Dynamics professionals. By specialising solely in placing candidates in the Microsoft Dynamics and SharePoint market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in the UK & Ireland and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Microsoft Dynamics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the Microsoft Dynamics market and some of the opportunities & Dynamics jobs that are available I can be contacted on (Apply online only) or by email