Title: Principle Engineer  TA Team
Webindex: 71759944
Company: Outsource UK Ltd
Description: Principal Engineer  Technical Authority Role Title: Principal Engineer Technical Authority Team Location: ESSEX Reporting To: Head of Projects Context and Purpose The Client is a leading designer, developer and manufacturer of specialised components and subsystems. These products enable some of the world's leading OEMs to deliver innovative systems for medical and science, aerospace and defence, and industrial and commercial applications. The Principal Engineer will work directly in the Technical Authority Team in partnership with the wider project team to provide support and expertise on the various activities of CCD and CMOS design, development and manufacturing projects. The Principal Engineer will focus on learning within the role whilst carrying out engineering tasks, technical activity and solving hands on technical problems with CCD device fabrication. A significant part of the role is the production and review of customer facing documentation and an understanding of the general principles of document control systems and engineering change management would be advantageous. The Principal Engineer will have internal and external customer liaison responsibilities supported by the project management and technical teams within the Imaging business (Including the process, line engineers and operators within the Operations team) and will become the customer facing, engineering lead for the projects they are assigned to. Main Accountabilities: Successfully complete the Technical Authority Development Programme Product verification: To ensure that the requirements of the Project and the Customer (internal or external) as defined by: Specification Statement of Work Project PA plan or Company QA procedures are met and that this can be/has been demonstrated. Technical Assessment: Review project specifications and advise on feasibility of proposal Product Control: To ensure that the appropriate equipment, processes and documentation (the Product Build State) exists for the correct manufacturing of the Product. Risk Management: To manage the technical risk on a project and to implement mitigation activities as appropriate. Further the groups understanding of CCDs, CMOS and related aspects through investigations and improvement projects. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK If you would like to be considered for the role, please email aaron on ASangheraoutsourceuk.co.uk or call **** **** for further information on the above position or 'Apply Online'. Aaron is a dedicated Recruiter specialising in the Engineering sector and works on behalf of candidates looking for opportunities to progress and clients searching for relevant, experienced candidates on both a contract and permanent basis within this sector. We grow our business by referrals  do you know anyone I could help today? Please visit our website www.outsourceuk.co.uk This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PrincipleEngineerTATeam_job****