Title: Product Analyst  Services (6 month contract)
Webindex: 69598443
Company: Kelkoo Ltd
Description: Location: London (with occasional travel to Turkey) We consider this role critical. We have started a multicountry launch of a range of online ‘services’ comparison businesses, namely financial services, insurance, home communications and utilities. Our aim is to create sites that are positioned to help consumers save money, and interact with a vibrant community of like minded people. We have already launched in Spain, and preliminary research suggests Turkey is a potential opportunity for us. As such this is a unique chance to get involved right at the beginning of a new business in Turkey. As it is a potential new business we need someone who is not afraid of coming in and working really hard with a very talented team in order to turn an idea into a reality. Reporting to the Head of Product, the main purpose of the role is to coordinate activities to enable us to launch a new business in Turkey. You will also be expected to provide analytical support to management and to be a point of contact for all product, commercial and research related enquiries. Key duties:  Help management to scope out a Turkish proposition  Carry out ad hoc pieces of research to understand the Turkish market  Identify relevant people in the Turkish market that can help us bring our vision to reality  Be the point of contact for all in country matters  Be a point of knowledge about the financial services market in Turkey  Arrange meetings with relevant people in Turkey  Be proficient in using database tools in order to analyse data  Produce regular market and competitor updates Requirements:  Languages: Fluent in English and Turkish; both written and verbal  Degree educated at ****:**** level preferably in Maths, Science, Economics or Business (will consider non degree holders if experience is good)  Use of database tools such as Access and Excel  Smart, able to think on feet with a fantastic attention to detail  Energetic, self starter who is not afraid to take accountability for their work  Confident in making contact with external parties and building relationships  Used to using LinkedIn/other social tools/internet to research companies and people Previous Experience:  Ideally some experience of working in an analytical / research / marketing / product development role with exposure to the internet industry. Person Specification/Key Competencies:  A tenacious individual who will not give up easily  A person that will look at every option and give attention to detail  Highly energised and willing to work hard to achieve the aims of the business  Sensitive to other cultures and working methods This is a fantastic and unique chance to get involved right at the beginning of a new business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProductAnalystServices****monthcontract_job****