Title: Midlevel ETL Developer/SSIS/****K
Webindex: 66672515
Company: FirstPro
Description: MidLevel ETL Developer The position will be about 75% ETL development and 25% support. Ideal candidates will be passionate about exceeding client expectations and is driven to learn new ETL technologies and operating systems. In addition, candidates must be able to understand complex data structures, and will have a strong understanding of logical and physical database design. Responsibilities: Work with application developers, business partners, management, and Datawarehouse team. Develop ETL procedures based on business requirements and service level agreements. Responsible for delivering quality data integration projects. Responsible for reviewing requirements, architecture, and design components of ongoing and upcoming projects. Responsible for developing and documenting the systems, processes and logic required to expose the existing data sets in the warehouse to end users for reporting and analysis purposes Responsible for hands on development using SSIS and ETL tools and processes. Keep abreast of the tools, techniques and components being used in the industry through research and applies this knowledge to the system(s) being developed. Monitor ETL applications for performance and improvement opportunities. Ensure the quality, consistency and security of company data and Datawarehouse systems. Ability to switch easily between different projects and flexibility to handle a rapidly changing environment for large volumes of data. Troubleshoot and diagnosis complex software problems. Packaging and release management. Job Requirements Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, MIS, or equivalent 13 years of ETL experience, especially SSIS. Handson experience with all aspects of designing, developing, testing and implementing ETL solutions. Ability to work in a fast paced environment on several projects Solid understanding of SDLC, software best practices and development methodologies. Strong analytical and diagnostic skills Take responsibility for performance tuning Understanding of building data warehouses for analytical and Business Intelligence solutions Ability to understand the business solution that the Datawarehouse serves Ability to troubleshoot issues in a multitier environment Excellent verbal and written communication skills;