Title: Jave EE Application Server Administrator
Webindex: 66195382
Description: Java EE Application Server Administrator  West YorkshireVoted one of the best employers in Yorkshire and certainly the most forward thinking and dynamic organisation within their sector urgently require a Java EE Application Server Administrator to join their large IT team. This position offers a challenging and varied role with a fantastic opportunity to progress your career within this extremely successful organisation that is currently expanding it's teams within all areas of IT. This position will have responsibility for the installation, configuration and support of all Oracle Fusion products and the Middleware infrastructures they are deployed on. Where required, full training will be provided. Tasks will include design, documentation and subsequent installation, configuration, monitoring and support of the overall technical infrastructure required to sustain the various phases of Oracle Middleware systems development, implementation and support. The ideal candidate will have experience working as a Java EE Application Server Administrator and will have experience of installing, configuring and supporting middleware clusters across several servers. A good understanding of Unix and/or Linux will be required as well as shell scripting skills. Any knowledge of TCP/IP Networking and troubleshooting will be desirable for the position.This excellent opportunity is paying up to ****K dependant on experience and offers an excellent benefits package including 27 days holiday plus bank holidays, Pension Scheme, Healthcare, On site restaurant, free parking, Head Office Bonus scheme and On site gym. A contractor may be considered in the interim. It is easily commutable from Leeds, Bradford, Wakefield, Huddersfield and Halifax.Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found at hays.co.uk