Title: Consultant  IT / Information Security, Yorkshire / Home Based
Webindex: 68683880
Company: System Recruitment
Description: Consultant  IT Security, Information Security, Yorkshire / Home based A successful, high profile company in the IT Security sector is now seeking to recruit an information security consultant due to the rapid growth of the team which delivers Information security consultancy. You can be home based across the UK. Salary up to **** plus benefits. Consultants provide services in a number of areas of information security, including ISO 27001, PCI DSS, social engineering, technical testing, code auditing, and incident response. Although you might not be currently in a consulting role, you should have experience in at least two of these areas. The ideal candidate will be degree educated in Computer Science or other numerate discipline and have solid commercial experience in an IT Security / Information Security related role. You will thrive on new challenges, and be excited by learning about different organisations and their diverse information security needs. You will be operating across all sectors. Your communications skills, written, oral, and listening, must be first class. Any authoring of articles/papers etc, and presentation experience will be an advantage. Although based at the Yorkshire head office, your role will involve extensive work on clients sites, primarily across the UK but not exclusively so. The employee benefits package includes company pension scheme, share options, profit share, and private healthcare. Salary: **** to **** p.a. depending on skills and experience. The role will suit individuals currently working as IT Security Consultant, Information Consultant, IT Security, and living within a commutable distance of Yorkshire or willing to relocate. For our latest vacancies and further information please view our website at www.systemuk.com With over 15 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ConsultantITInformationSecurityYorkshireHomeBased_job****