Title: Senior Performance Engineer
Webindex: 67322981
Company: ARM
Description: Senior Performance Engineer  Online Gaming  West London  C****k  Benefits My client is a worldleading provider of database driven Sports Betting websites. Their clients include some of the biggest names betting, including Ladbrokes, William Hill and Paddy Power, each with databases containing millions of users. They are passionate about the work they do and have built a reputation on the high quality of our software, our delivery and client satisfaction. They offer a great environment to gain knowledge whilst earning c****k plus excellent benefits. They are looking for a Senior Performance Engineer to join their team and focus on improving the capacity and analyse the performance of applications for their major clients. You will be reporting to the performance architect. Responsibilities 'Monitor and analyse performance for high transaction, large scale betting websites using modelling techniques and bespoke performance tools. 'Work with the customer and solution architects to design scalable solutions and predict the performance of new function and changes to existing functions. 'Work with customers and internal teams to understand how change/new function will affect the system and agree the performance model parameters. 'Work with customer performance test teams to assist with designing a realistic test and verifying the output. 'Produce regular capacity reports for customers where appropriate and advise on potential performance issues before they arise. 'Maintain and extend the performance toolset including developing novel techniques for predicting performance issues. Proven ability: 'A degree in a numerically literate subject, ideally computer science, maths, engineering, or information systems. 'Basic programming skills in scripting languages such as Perl, Bash, JavaScript and/or Korn. 'An ability to pick up new technologies quickly. 'In depth knowledge of performance engineering in regards to testing, design and optimising for performance and/or capacity planning. 'Selfmotivated and able to work both independently and in conjunction with the wider team to improve process across the supported customers. Desirable: 'Proven ability with Unix/ Linux, Apache, Informix, Java and website design and development technologies. 'Web technologies and internet protocols (XML, HTTP, TCP/IP). 'Statistical experience in relation to predicting system performance This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. We will never send your CV without your permission. Do NOT DELAY: This is an exciting opportunity to join a dynamic and successful online gaming company which will develop and hone your skills. Take this opportunity to work with a market leader. Contact me NOW. Please do not hesitate to contact Mark Yates on [blocked] or email markyarm.co.uk or alternatively go to our website www.arm.co.uk.