Title: Oracle DBA  SC Eligible
Webindex: 69545823
Company: Assured Recruitment Solutions
Description: Oracle DBA – SC Eligible Location: Sheffield Duration: Permanent Role: Oracle DBA My client urgently requires an experienced Oracle DBA . CANDIDATES MUST BE SC ELIGIBLE  5 YEARS IN THE UK This is an urgent role that requires the Oracle DBA to take technical ownership for the design and development of the database. You will be the single point of contact for all matters relating to the use of Oracle technologies as well as translating business requirements into high level and detailed technical design for development. Key responsibilities for the Oracle DBA: Implementing project change requests that relate to the database on behalf of the team Maintaining the consistency, integrity and quality of the database design and implementation Ensuring the database can support high performance and availability requirements Monitoring database standards and procedures Ensuring the database is properly documented. Ensure OWB mappings are properly documented. Liaise with different teams to resolve production issues. Liaise with third party vendors to resolve production issues and/or new development. Maintain ERS for Server capacity and system performance. Identify and investigate SLA failures and report to SLM. Also flag failure with relevant team for root cause investigation. Impact assessment of ERS changes and changes implemented by other systems Designs new computer programs by analyzing requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications. Essential skills of Oracle DBA  OWB DWH: OWB ****g Design and Development experience. Data warehouse repository installation, configuration and management. Strong Oracle ****g, SQL, PL/SQL, database design, tuning, stored procedures, triggers, SQL Loader/ Data pump, Star/Snowflake schemas. Minimum 5 years Oracle experience in a UNIX (preferably Solaris/Linux) environment and strong Shell scripting experience. Experience in ntier application environment. Strong experience of Oracle Forms and Oracle reports. Preferably ****i onwards. Strong Database Tuning experience. Strong exposure of Oracle Performance tuning, indexes, partitioning, partition management. Oracle Business Intelligence (OBIEE) reporting. Core Java Experience in the following is not essential but would be beneficial for the Oracle DBA: Knowledge of Oracle database backup/recovery strategies. Oracle **** Data Guard configuration Scripting languages (preferably Shell, bash, korn, Perl 5x). Familiarity with source control systems (preferably StarTeam). Familiarity with ITIL processes such as Change Management, Incident Management, and Problem Management to name a few. This is an urgent requirement that will interview and offer asap – apply with CV to markbrayfordassuredrecruit.com Oracle DBA This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/OracleDBASCEligible_job****