Title: ERP Implementer / Project Manager Manchester  ****K
Webindex: 67652634
Company: Spectrum Recruitment
Description: ERP Implementer / Project Manager required to join my client in Manchester. The role is multidimensional and requires a dynamic individual. You will be involved in analysing customer s requirements, programming, training, implementation and support of their existing customer base in the use of their ERP system and act as an inhouse developer to support new functionality in the ****G language (similar to SQL). You will be required to take full ownership of the entire project lifecycle. You will need excellent problem solving and communications skills and previous programming skills in SQL or Oracle. Along with project management and development you will also be required to provide technical support to their existing customer base and will be expected to resolve queries 80% of the time. Key Responsibilities  Provide software support to customers 1st & 2nd Line including basic SQL programming queries (Software Configuration, Installation, Support)  Program changes to the standard system using extended SQL  Produce documentation in accordance with standards Person Specification:  Software Support  ERP Systems  SQL Server  SQL Queries  SQL Programming experience. While developments to the system are coded in extended SQL, experience or understanding in programming in any language is advantageous.  System design experience  Excellent communication skills  Ability to manage multiple tasks concurrently Good team player  Able to manage own workload without supervision  Capacity to think creatively with good problem solving skills Implementation and support of products may be undertaken at client site therefore you must be happy to travel and have a valid driving license. This is an excellent opportunity to join a fast growing, vibrant business who are continually winning new clients and an opportunity to gain exposure to a leading software package. Please send your CV or call (Apply online only) for immediate consideration. Keywords: ERP Implementer, ERP Project Manager, ERP Consultant, SQL Server, SQL, Software Support, Software Implementation, Implementation Consultant, Oracle, ****GL, ERP, Enterprise Resource Planning, Manchester, Stockport, Rochdale, Bolton, Warrington, Wigan, Oldham