Title: Technical Support Analyst  3rd Line (SQL & Windows Server)
Webindex: 71622219
Company: UKStaffsearch
Description: Title: Technical Support Analyst  3rd Line (SQL Windows Server) Type: Permanent Ref: IL/TR**** Our client is a leading global Business Process Outsource services provider which works with Fortune **** clients and other major customers across all sectors. Their global growth allows continued investment in their IT infrastructure to ensure robust, cost effective and innovative solutions, both internally and to their global clients. They are now looking to recruit a SQL Server Windows Server expert to provide 3rd line technical support from their Richmond Head Office along with some Database Administration (DBA) work This role demands someone with a thorough technical knowledge along with the ability to effectively manage their own workload and the communication skills necessary to engage effectively with others. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS: An expert level of understanding and experience on both MS SQL and Windows Servers (****/****). Providing technical support and acting as the point of contact for all SQL Server business database queries, performance faults and requests. Extensive experience of installation, configuration, fault resolution on SQL Windows servers. Maintenance, including backup/recovery, migration, security. Working with business users to improve the performance and efficiency of their applications. Work with MS and internal engineers to identify and solve technology infrastructure issues that may span several IT disciplines. Experience managing change control in an ITIL environment, as this role will be responsible for all change control in this UK office. The ability for prepare in depth, clear documentation for review by a nontechnical audience as well as Senior Network Engineers Able to create 'Best Practice' for the UK operation of this global company. Must be an effective team worker with first class communication skills, as this role will involve consideration collaboration with others within the company (in the UK and Europe) and with external stakeholders. DESIREABLE REQUIREMENTS: Design and capacity planning to ensure adequate capacity is available for the business. Ability to performance tune and query optimisation Experience on MySQL would be a real bonus Experience of MS SSIS Monitoring database performance, identifying bottlenecks and proposing ways to optimise performance. Set up monitoring thresholds and alerts to achieve a fix before failure. This is a great opportunity to join a global IT centric business that truly understands the value of their staff, offering continuous professional development and excellent opportunities to further develop your career within their substantial group. Technology Resourcing are specialists in System Administrator Jobs. Technology Resourcing is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.