Title: Business Systems Developer
Webindex: 68181074
Company: Forces Recruitment Services Ltd
Description: Job title: Business Systems Developer Location: Leeds Salary: ****  **** dep on exp  benefits Job type: Permanent A global leader in engineering and design consultancy requires an experienced Business Systems Developer to take ownership of the reporting requirements of the business. The role is full time, based just outside Leeds City Centre and is working within the Business Systems Team. They seek a committed individual with proven experience within a large organisation. You will need to be proactive, able to work under your own initiative and possess excellent written and verbal communication skills. RESPONSIBILITIES The role will report directly to the Business Systems Manager with close working relationships in a matrix approach across other IT and Business stakeholders. Critical to success will be driving best practice, excellent stakeholder relations, whilst sustaining and improving the quality of our services, systems and delivery. A significant proportion of the role will be reportbased with additional responsibilities arising out of the normal functions of the Finance and Commercial aspects of the business; these may include technical accounting, systems and businessfocused issues. REQUIREMENTS Experience: Experience of writing and developing reports using Excelerator and SQL. Experience of understanding complex requirements and translating them in to reports Finance background and extensive experience of ERP/Finance systems experience preferably Agresso. Previous experience of system implementations and working in a project based environment. Communicating complex technical information to nontechnical senior management. Dealing with complex 3rd line finance system problems and queries (logged via a Helpdesk system) Working with finance staff. Identify implement improvements efficiencies in financial processes and reporting as part of a structured plan. System maintenance and development, planning and implementation of business system projects Change Management Working in an IT environment Core skills: SQL and SQL Server Management Studio ARC, Crystal Excelerator and Excel Relational Database structures Agresso experience Development and delivery of monthly, annual and ad hoc reporting requirements. Ability to pick up other systems within the portfolio of the Business Systems Team. Ability to relate to clients requirements. To facilitate the ongoing development of the organisations ERP system. To facilitate the ongoing development and implementation of associated ERP financial systems. Coordinate activities and projects related to systems. Providing browser queries for access both by smart client and/or the selfservice Ability to present information and ideas clearly and concisely Experience in designing, planning, documenting changes and project life cycle methodology Working with finance staff and other Finance Systems Team members, or as part of a wider project team including technical IT staff, to identify implement improvements efficiencies in financial processes and reporting as part of a structured plan. Specific projects may involve systems other than financial systems, e.g. where there is an element of integration Assisting with more complex 3rd line finance systems problems and queries (logged via a Helpdesk system). PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS/EDUCATION Degree or equivalent Preferred but not essential part or fully qualified accountant. INTERPERSONAL SKILLS Approachable, Open and Honest Excellent communicator Exceptional Organisational Skills Excellent written and verbal skills Strong interpersonal skills and confidence BUSINESS SKILLS Understanding of Change Management and the RFC process Delivering in a customer serviceoriented organisation. BEHAVIOUR Proactive attitude Integrity Teamwork Discipline Performance Results Orientated Planning and Prioritising Making Things Happen Can do attitude Progressiveness Understanding the Customer Mental Agility and Decisiveness Initiative and innovation /adaptability/change Interested applicants will be expected to complete and return by email a simple questionnaire to which CVs must be pasted. This role would ideally suit someone with an Armed Forces background. Applications from exmilitary candidates are strongly encouraged.