Title: Principal OS X Web Browser Engineer
Webindex: 69545444
Company: Connections Recruitment Ltd.
Description: Principal OS X Web Browser Engineer Cambridge ****k ****k  Fantastic Bens ObjectiveC, Chrome, Safari, Webkits, OS X, MAC Are you a MAC development expert? Does Cloud computing and Virtualisation interest you? Do you want the opportunity of working with two of the most successful technical minds in this space? If so I have the most exciting startup in the market which is massively financially backed and is attracting the most talented developers in the market. You will have the opportunity of working with the most successful entrepreneurs in this space developing market leading software. You will have the creative license to excel and be a major part of this success story. They have already taken thier product to market and have fantastic feedback and as such looking at expanding its growing product development team. You will be designing and developing cutting edge microvirtualization software to secure enterprise clients. It needs enhancing web browsers which are one of the common evolving attack vectors for malware on OS X. You need to understand how browsers work and their internals to secure them using microvirtualization. You need to attack hard problems and be able to tackle areas that are poorly documented or undocumented and build robust solutions. Responsibilities Integrating, extending and hooking into web browsers such as Chrome and Safari to microvirtualize them on OS X Understand semantics of HTTP spec, HTML documents, storage, rendering and scripting and web security models to design and implement browser microvirtualization software Be comfortable in working in a fast paced environment that iterates and evolves rapidly Required Qualifications Extensive programming experience in ObjectiveC Knowledge of Safari, Chrome, or WebKit internals 3 years of software development experience BS in Computer Science or equivalent required Preferred Qualifications Indepth knowledge of HTTP, DOM, Javascript engines, BHOs, extensions, plugins, etc. and their operation Commit history in WebKit or Chromium or other browser components Knowledge of developing secure applications This is a fantastic opportunity to work with the best minds within Virtualisation developign cutting edge software in a fun and challenging work environment. Connections Recruitment Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/PrincipalOSXWebBrowserEngineer_job****