Title: Email Channel Manager  West End Digital platform
Webindex: 71679989
Company: The Longer Tail
Description: The Company This US based start up is a fast growing, online Performance Platform. With offices in California and London they are at the forefront of their industry, providing the highest quality for Advertisers and Publishers alike through their proprietary bidding system. With the continued growth of the business they are seeking an Email Channel Manager to join their offices in Soho. Responsibilities Activities This role is a blend of technical and commercial skills. You will have a passion for digital marketing and be an experienced and accomplished Email Manager.  Coordinating and managing the Email channel in its entirety  Building, optimising and deploying email campaigns  Communicating and coordinating with agency and internal customers to resolve email delivery and other issues, improve email design, meet deadlines and ensure best practice  Testing of emails, maximising inbox delivery, minimising unsubscribe and complaint rates and monitoring bounce rates  Setting and enforcing email policies  Maintaining email KPI reports of messaging and spam statistics  Staying up to date with improvements in email communications technology and database marketing activity  Analysing and improving email communications contact strategy Essential Skills and Experience  Degree level education (or equivalent).  Good database marketing experience  Experience in managing email marketing campaigns using CRM tools  Works well under pressure and to tight deadlines  Excellent prioritisation and organisational capabilities  Strong problemsolving abilities  Excellent communication (verbal and written) and presentation skills  Committed to quality and accuracy with an eye for detail.  Strong mental arithmetic  Ability to learn quickly in a challenging environment and work well within a team.  Advanced MS Excel, PowerPoint and Word skills  Basic HTML skills  Experience of CRM systems. SQL experience a plus. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/EmailChannelManagerWestEndDigitalplatform_job****