Title: Head of IT Operations Technical Support
Webindex: 69733700
Company: Senitor Associates Limited
Description: Head of IT Operations Technical Support Man Management, Strategy, Infrastructure, Hands on Support, Management Of Development Team. Excellent salary of up to ****K Depending on Experience My client, a market leader within their industry have a new and exciting position for a Head of IT Operations. The require someone who is extremely technically hands on whilst also having a clear strategic oversight of the technical operations of the organisation. This is a brand new position due to company expansion, the client is therefore looking for someone who has previous experience in this type of role who can really make their mark within the organisation. This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced to take ownership of a small and busy IT team within a progressive business. With a strong steer towards excellent customer service and principles of best practice throughout the business, you will join the management team in guiding the business to new heights via a committed programme to IT. Responsibilities to include: definition of strategy; project delivery; budgetary control; supplier management; directreport manmanagement; infrastructure and systems performance; management of development teams. Ideally you will come from a technical background and have exposure to some of the following key technologies: Windows Server VMWare Exchange Cisco These technologies are NOT ESSENTIAL, this is more about the person and how you manage the team and push the business forward. You MUST have an understanding of managing a diverse team, developing strategy and being able to understand different roles and the impact of these on the department. In order to be successful in this role you must be a technically minded, project driven individual with strong business and commercial acumen. You will be expected to effectively manage the exposure to operational risk, improve utilisation of existing IT and communication systems, develop systems in line with business objectives and guide a team of technical experts through the next phase of growth. If this role sounds like the right match for you then please send your CV immediately to Nicola.DentSenitor.com or call me on **** **** **** for more information. This is an urgent vacancy so please do not delay and apply NOW Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.