Title: Data Quality Facilitator
Webindex: 71469783
Company: ReThink Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: Data Quality Facilitator We require a Business analyst/ facilitator to largely work as part of a team supporting the migration of a clinical system. Our client has been informed that their clinical system will not be supported after October 2013 so they have made the decision to change and while a couple of sites are in progress, the majority will be upgraded at a rate of one a week from April 2013 onwards. Each upgrade takes 34 months preparation, a golive period and then bedding in and sign off of the upgrade. The new role will be required to take responsibility as data quality lead. The role would be working with a small team of engineers, data quality facilitators and trainers to support through the migration of the system. You will:  Act as a data quality and registration contact throughout the upgrade process, taking responsibility for ensuring the upgrade goes as well and smoothly as possible.  Work with the local team to support the plan and manage the system migration including being on site at golive. This may involve coordinating the work of the other team members where necessary, to ensure all necessary data checking is completed and smartcard tasks.  Escalate any problems to the system suppliers or as appropriate, using appropriate systems.  Support them to manage their data quality checking to ensure the data transfer happens successfully, including training in checking, carrying out some checks, and supporting them to identify and deal with data issues.  Support them to update their smartcards to work with the new system, liaising with th local registration authority (the smartcard team).  Update project documentation (update template plans, keep issue and lessons learned log up to date Knowledge and Experience  Experience of the primary care sector of the NHS, ideally working with General Practice  Knowledge of GP Systems and understanding of data quality issues  Understanding of NHS processes around data quality  Some knowledge of primary care data sources (ie where to check and look things up, codes, practices and so on)  Experience of working with practice systems, ideally reporting and data quality  Able to run reports and queries on EMIS and ISOFT systems  An understanding of clinical coding and knowledge of specific coding structures (such as Read codes)We are acting as an Employment Business.