Title: Graduate Trainee to become a CRM Software Consultant
Webindex: 70613406
Company: London4Jobs
Description: Graduate Trainee to become a CRM Software Consultant : this is an outstanding opportunity for an outstanding graduate to move into software implementation and consulting and get full training in Microsoft Dynamics CRM : one of the most popular CRM software solutions and a skill that is in high demand in the IT job market. Before you read on : this role is for an exceptional Graduate with a 1st Class degree (or a ****:1), from a high quality University in any relevant discipline. You must have 6 : **** months proven work experience, either as a placement during your degree course, or during a gap year, or post graduation. Chances like this dont come up very often. You will join a leading CRM and ERP software consulting company in the heart of the City of London. They will pay for, and send you to Microsoft HQ to be trained in MS Dynamics CRM software and take your exams and certifications. You will learn business analysis, software implementation and configuration and software training, then you will go out to their clients sites to analyse their requirements and install the CRM software. This is an amazing opportunity for an ambitious individual to develop and utilise your interpersonal and consultancy skills, and to experience a great deal of responsibility at a very early stage in your career. Profile:  1st Class or 2:1 Degree from a high level, reputable University  An aptitude for IT and software  6 months professional work experience from a University placement, gap year, industrial placement or post graduation job  Strong analytical skills as well as excellent written and verbal communication : able and happy to become a client facing software consultant which will include presentations, workshops, and group or one:to:one training.  Enthusiastic, dynamic, self motivated, self reliant and willing to travel  Capable of building strong relationships with clients and working well in a team environment If you fit the profile, would like to be trained in a suite of application software products and are enthusiastic about a career as a CRM Software Consultant, then contact Carolyn MacLurg or Jake King at Ambis, or send us your CV and tell us why you are the right candidate.