Title: Systems Analyst
Webindex: 66127036
Company: Net Recruit.co.uk ltd
Description: Position: Systems Analyst Location: Stockport, Cheshire Salary: **** to **** (subject to skills and experience) CDL is a leading supplier of software solutions to the UK insurance sector, providing our clients with the competitive edge in an increasingly aggressive marketplace. The role involves working closely with developers, testers, business managers and customers at a senior level to research business requirements. You will be responsible for producing a variety of documents including User Requirements Documents, Functional and System Specifications, and Solution Definition documents, for all of the Company’s applications. Ideally you will have experience of UML and Object Oriented design; experience gained in the insurance or financial service industry will be advantageous. You will have good communication skills, and will be able to work effectively in a team environment. Essential: • Proven ability in gathering business requirements, analysing them and producing functional/system specifications for both customer and developer audiences. • Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, with business and technical staff. • Strong knowledge of Object Oriented Design/UML. • Understanding of RDBMS/SQL. Desirable: • Insurance industry or financial systems exposure. • Knowledge of software development methodologies e.g. Atern/DSDM. • Exposure to prototyping tools such as Axure. • Ability to demonstrate & present. • Knowledge of:  Modelling tools e.g. StarUML or Rational Rose, Change/Document Management tools e.g. CVS. • MS Office. Main Purpose Of Job To identify, analyse, design and document enhancements and new developments for CDL software, providing the best solution for both internal and customer requirements. Position In Organisation Reports to the Systems Analyst Team Leader. Direct contact with senior internal and external customers. Provide advice to internal customers at all levels. Provide application support for internal and external customers. Scope Of Job Analysis and Software Design – To research, analyse and produce functional specifications and software designs. Quality Assurance  To ensure documents and analysis/designs produced meet customer expectations, and company quality standards. Communication – ensure a good level of teamwork, highlighting issues in a timely manner, and proactively suggesting solutions to resolve problems. Support – Assistance to team members, internal colleagues and customers. Work Organisation – Effective prioritisation and meeting deadlines. Individual Development – Take ownership of personal development. Technical/Commercial Knowledge – Maintain knowledge of systems design processes, tools & standards, potential customer environment challenges, architecture of CDL applications, and company issues. Dimensions & Limits Of Authority Take responsibility and ownership for completing assigned tasks that may rely on the contribution of other team members. Agree User Requirements. Due to the nature of our business all successful candidates will be subject to Criminal Records and Credit Reference checks. This vacancy requires candidates to have the right to work and live in the UK indefinitely without restriction. If interested in this position, simply apply via the button shown.