Title: Automation Engineer  Automation / Orchestration
Webindex: 72127196
Company: Redoak Recruitment Solutions
Description: Automation Engineer Be part of something exciting and fresh. Combine your Scripting (Python, PowerShell) and Operational skills and move into the Automation world. A leading organisation that is rapidly becoming one of the top Cloud organisations in the market place is looking to add an Automation engineer to its expanding team due to ongoing growth and success. They are currently looking for an Automation Engineer to join their team and play a core part in the ongoing success of company. The Automation engineer will be responsible for implementing infrastructure Automation and orchestration tools. Will develop the automation and integration of the platform in line with strategy. The automation engineer will also have input into product evaluation, define supporting documentation for design and deliver ongoing support the platform. The automation engineer will become the Subject Matter expert to the support teams. To secure this role as an Automation engineer you will need to have a proven background within a large scale cloud or virtualised computing environment. You will have strong operation support experience (covering Windows or Linux) and excellent Scripting skills (Python, PowerShell ) brought from an large enterprise environment. The ideal candidate will have had experience with a number of the following:  Monitoring tools such as: Nagios, Solarwinds ,SCCM, NetIQ ,Etc.  Experience of Automation tools such as: Opalis,Aegis,VMware Orchestrator,Autonomy This is a chance to join a truly exciting organisation and take your automation and monitoring skills to the next level part in the ongoing success. If you would like to discuss this opportunity in more depth please forward your CV to Steveredoakrecruitment.co.uk . Redoak Recruitment Solutions Ltd is acting as an Employment Consultancy in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/AutomationEngineerAutomationOrchestration_job****