Title: System Support Specialist (Siebel/Business Objects/Unix/Linux/)
Webindex: 68356808
Company: Accenture
Description: System Support Specialist (Siebel/Business Objects/Unix/Linux/) Accenture UK  Services Workforce Newcastle upon Tyne (Cobalt Business Park) ****K  ****K. We are currently seeking a number of System Support Specialists (Siebel/Business Objects/Unix/Linux/) who are looking for an exciting and challenging career with Accenture  an employer that enables you to make a real difference. The System Support Specialist is working as part of the Development Architecture Team and the main aspects of the role are: Daytoday administration of development Providing 1st and 2nd line support to both development and testing teams Installation and configuration of COTS Applications Creation, peerreviewing and updates of technical documentation Working collaboratively with offshore teams, alongside stakeholders / customers and liaising with 3rd party vendors Ensuring that there is a focus on the automation and industrialisation of processes through scripting Qualifications We re looking for candidates with a strong technical interest or experience in any of the following areas: Applications: Siebel Actuate Informatica (PowerCenter/PowerExchange) Business Objects Middleware: WebSphere Application Server JBoss WebLogic Other Skills: Perl or other scripting language Unix experience What s in it for you? At Accenture, we relish the opportunity to push back the boundaries and do what hasn t been done before. We re one of the world s leading outsourcing, technology services and management consulting companies, and we want talented, motivated people who can really make a difference. To make this difference, we require exceptional candidates like you. This is your perfect opportunity to put your ideas, thoughts and knowledge to work. At Accenture we look for passionate, creative and motivated people who really want to build a successful career. While you develop a diverse range of new skills, you will also enjoy working with truly inspirational teams who will provide fantastic advice and mentorship. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialised skills faster to help tailor your career plan. On top of this, we have an extensive benefits package which includes 25 days vacation per year, a gym subsidy, private medical insurance and 3 extra days leave per year for charitable work of your choice. Closing date for applications is 25th February 2013. Accenture reserves the right to close the role prior to this date should a suitable applicant be found. Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity