Title: Enterprise Applications Solutions Architect
Webindex: 71566126
Company: Coal IT Services
Description: Enterprise Applications Solutions Architect – TOGAF – London  ****k  car  benefits Leading FTSE 100 IT consultancy firm is actively recruiting for an experienced Solutions Architect from a applications focused background (ideally Microsoft technologies) who has worked on projects 1million  and has a strong BPO/Consultancy background. Ideally you’d be TOGAF / IAF / SEQAF (or other) certified The Solution Architects guide development teams and help architect, design, develop and implement software for different systems across a range of customers. To be successful in your application, you will be comfortable presenting solutions to clients, estimating costs accurately (including infrastructure, development, test and integration costs), leading the design process, acting as the technical point of contact and managing technical risk. Typically, our architects work on fastmoving projects which have a high degree of uncertainty and are skilled at providing the clarity needed for our projects to succeed.  Solutions Architects play a pivotal role in Systems Integration projects and programmes:  Owning the design and evolution of a major standalone application or subsystem component.  Making sure business requirements can be supported by a new or existing architecture and anticipating technical issues before they arise.  Producing and reviewing estimates for new application delivery or changes to existing applications.  Assessing business requirements and presenting technical recommendations that are in line with the strategic architecture roadmap and best practice.  Engaging and managing suppliers including evaluation of their offerings against business requirements.  Producing clear and concise documents that describe applications and systems accurately Reviewing, challenging and guiding the work of application delivery teams  Full application lifecycle experience and responsibility for the technical integrity of a solution.  Strong knowledge of design and architectural patterns  Experience of software development methodologies and structured approach to development.  Experience of working closely with development teams to deliver successful solutions.  Awareness of systems management and operational support tools  Experience with a broad range of current technologies and products. Essential Experience/Skills for the position of Enterprise Applications Solutions Architect – TOGAF / IAF / SEQAF  Extensive experience of enterprise software development projects  Extensive experience of consulting with enterprise engagements and clients  Ability to work closely with presales bid teams and have the ability to question solution choices when needed.  Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal  Excellent analytical and problem solving skills  Excellent negotiation skills with stakeholders, vendors and suppliers  Understanding of existing and emerging technologies  TOGAF Certified Desired Experience/Skills for the position of Enterprise Applications Solutions Architect – TOGAF / IAF / SEQAF  Ideally experienced in SEQAF (Software Engineering Quality Assessment Framework)  Design, development and testing of software in a multiplatform environment  Understanding of development in an Agile environment  Appreciation of Java, .NET, SharePoint 2010, MS Dynamics, Oracle RDBMS, MS SQL Server.  Knowledge of Lagan CRM and it’s services and modules This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/EnterpriseApplicationsSolutionsArchitect_job****