Title: IT Risk & Controls Manager  Asset Management
Webindex: 69545142
Company: Oliver James Associates
Description: The role will involve: Working as a senior member of the team to develop, tailor and market our risk and control propositions and capabilities. Working with Financial Services peers in other specialist areas to ensure better practice. Planning and delivering a broad range of engagements in the area of risk and control for clients across the financial services sector. Demonstrating specific service area/competency and/or industry expertise that results in tangible value for our clients. Successfully guiding your team in fulfilling client expectations and delivering engagement objectives. Contributing to innovative thought leadership expertise. Actively participating in business and practice development initiatives. Achieving specific sales goals for your subsector/competency. Successfully managing and directing client engagements. Providing efficient and effective engagement management. To be considered, you should possess: Strong academics, including a minimum of 2.1 degree or equivalent. A combination of external audit, internal audit, IT and risk management experience within a professional services firm or major financial services institution. Team leadership and coaching experience from roles held in practice, or audit/risk/compliance functions within major financial services institutions, and working on significant projects or reviews. Previous experience of managing and/or assessing and assuring large scale projects within the financial services industry. Excellent interpersonal skills and an existing strong network in the market. Proven people management and people development experience. A track record of managing relationships with senior stakeholders. Excellent technical abilities, combined with strong business acumen. Excellent oral and written communication skills proven through extensive report/proposal writing experience Candidates MUST carry strong experience of the UK Wealth / Asset Management space and be knowledgeable around the challenges in IT Risk, IT Security Controls. CVs to damian.shawojassociates.com This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITRiskControlsManagerAssetManagement_job****