Title: Senior Software Engineer ( NET developer)  CONTRACT
Webindex: 68704453
Company: aQovia
Description: aQovia is looking for a talented .NET developer to work on our own products as well as client projects, primarily on the Microsoft Azure platform. You will work in a small team and can switch teams and projects as our fastpaced business grows and evolves. As a senior engineer, you will be expected to mentor junior team members and act as an engineering lead. Minimum qualification, skills and experience Commitment to agile software development methodologies. Practical experience of test driven development (TDD) and, ideally, behaviour driven development (BDD). Evidence of problem solving ability and ingenuity. 2 years’ experience designing, building and testing web applications using the Microsoft .NET platform. Solid understanding of the Microsft .NET framework especially ASP.NET, MVC, Razor, Windows Communication Foundation, Linq and ADO. Experience with XML. Advanced programming experience in C. JavaScript programming including AJAX development of UI controls. Strong understanding of Internet systems, web technologies, W****C standards and guidelines. Relational and NoSQL database design. Familiar with developing for content management systems, especially on the .NET platform. Desired Skills Experience The ideal candidate will have: MEng, MSc or PhD in Computing, Software Engineering or a related field. Solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and design patterns. Experience with CSS frameworks, especially LESS and Bootstrap. Experience with JavaScript frameworks, especially JQuery. Experience with developing and deploying high performance applications to the cloud, especially Windows Azure. Experience with developing custom applications using the Orchard CMS. Behaviour driven development using Gherkin, Specflow and Selenium RC / WebDriver. Commercial, consumeroriented web UI experience. Knowledge of semantic web architectures, protocols and standards. Company Description aQovia is an innovative solutions provider working at the convergence of media, technology, learning and analytics. We work closely with clients to design, develop and deliver effective solutions. We pride ourselves on the delivery of solutions that are relevant, scalable and versatile. Our solutions are design centric and are delivered using an agile project delivery framework. Our approach is built around rapid prototyping and collaborative working. We believe that successful implementation means involvement of the best people and best in class partners. aQovia has a wealth of experience across a wide range of industry sectors, but with a particularly strong focus in and around the technology, media and telecommunications sector. We have a diverse team of people with a wide range of skills which allows us to assemble strong delivery focused teams. We have delivered a variety of solutions to a wide range of leading companies. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorSoftwareEngineerNETdeveloperCONTRACT_job****