Title: Business Analytics BI  Presales / Sales Engineer
Webindex: 69249734
Company: Saleslogic Ltd
Description: Business Analytics BI  Presales Consultant / Sales Engineer A bright dynamic startup software vendor is looking for a talented presales consultant to join their team and share in their success story. They provide business analytics solution that enables clients to see what their customers are saying about them regardless of channel, from internal and external sources, in structured and unstructured format, and in any language. The information is then formatted, broken down and delivered to the client in digestible chunks that they can act upon. They have best in breed software offering measurable ROI, and having won some notable clients and in the process growing 900% across EMEA and 60% globally the future is bright. The Presales Consultant / Sales Engineer will be responsible for supporting the sales team in pursuit of new business across EMEA. You will need to take the technical complexities out of the sales cycle and be able to design and present solutions that meet both technical and business needs. You will be expected to give presentations and demonstrations to clients and deal with RFI s and RFP s, in addition to dealing with POC s. To be considered for this position you will need to possess minimum of 5 years presales experience with a software vendor, preferably within BI, Business analytics, social media or closely related software. This software is high value ****K1m and you will need to be commercially sharp and be able to express value, ROI and benefits of the solution as opposed to the flashy lights and cool switches. You should be open to travel and comfortable/experienced in a startup environment. This role offers the opportunity to work for a dynamic software vendor with best in breed software, which enjoyed 900% growth in 2012 and have extensive growth plans for 2013. Salary is competitive and there are shares available. If you are interested and would like to find out more please send your details to slsaleslogic.co.uk