Title: Electronics/Hardware Design Team Leader
Webindex: 70247980
Company: DataSource Computer Employment
Description: Our client, a leading Electronics company currently have an exciting opportunity for a Hardware Team Leader to work on cutting edge technology development projects. The person will take overall leadership of the hardware team, and should therefore be a competent Hardware Engineer as well as an excellent team leader. Key Responsibilities Lead a team of hardware engineers in the design and development of secure communication products. Be responsible for the processes adopted by the team to ensure high quality designs are produced and disciplined implementation methods are achieved Responsible for tool management and configuration management aspects of all projects Interworking with Firmware, Software, System and Production teams to ensure concurrent design principles are maintained. Responsible for the design and verification of hardware designs used to transport information to UK Government High Grade, including both mathematically and logic defined algorithms implemented in FPGA technology Production of high quality design, development and implementation documentation. Technical liaison with software design team (at system and equipment level) to ensure software and hardware interwork coherently. Technical evaluation and verification activities including requirements traceability Supervise the workload of Hardware development engineers Represent the team at strategic milestone and design reviews. Supervise peer design reviews and adherence to design processes Skills and Experience Proven experience of leading a hardware team in an environment of developing complex high speed digital projects with significant FPGA implementation. Configuration management of large hardware designs. Extensive experience of hardware design including high speed digital, Microprocessor and analogue. Experience of Power Supply design and implementation Extensive experience of PCB placement/layout and simulation techniques Experience of design to meet EMC and TEMPEST requirements Desirable Experience of cryptography and cryptographic devices. Experience of VHDL design experience for FPGA design including ModelSim experience. Experience of UK High Grade cryptography. Xilinx, Actel, Altera programmable devices. Mechanical design for environmental and EMC considerations Experience of full development life cycle and systems engineering concepts to INCOSE V model processes or equivalent. Experience of MILSTD ****B development process and milestone reviews Experience of DOORS or comparable requirements tool Due to the nature of the work candidates will need to hold UK SC level Security Clearance or be able to undergo the vetting process.