Title: Electronics Engineer
Webindex: 61935932
Company: P&C Recruitment Ltd
Description: Expanding Electronics Company now needs an Electronics Engineer to ****k Scotland Electronics Engineer Job summary My Client is the world’s leading high–resolution neartoeye (NTE) microdisplay supplier providing a wide range of microdisplay solutions optimised for the best performance in demanding NTE applications. They are currently looking for an Electronics Engineer with a background in design and development to join their Product Design Team. Job Description An opportunity has arisen for a highly motivated individual with appropriate knowledge of electronics design and development. The post holder will report to the Director of Product Design. Working closely with colleagues as part of the product design team, the post holder will be responsible for developing electronics for existing microdisplay based products and for contributing to the design of new products. They are looking for a selfmotivator who is capable of operating effectively in a selfdirected independent manner and who is flexible and adaptable. The successful candidate must be a good team player and will possess good problem solving skills and ingenuity as well as good communication skills. Qualifications Special Aptitudes (experience of one or more of the following would be an advantage):  High speed digital design  FPGA and /or CPLD design (VHDL/Verilog)  Video/graphics interfacing (A/D, PLL, etc)  Signal interfacing  Schematic capture tools  PCB design  Testing and debug of prototype designs Key Responsibilities include:  The provision of digital and analogue electronic designs as part of the product design team  To support and develop existing products (cost reduction, component obsolescence, etc)  The creation and maintenance of design documentation (requirement specifications, design descriptions, PCB layout requirements, test procedures, etc)  Design for manufacturability  The debug and verification of prototype designs Benefits The Company offers competitive salary and benefits package including relocation assistance if required. Interested? Then please send your CV to me for the Electronics Engineer to ****K Scotland vacancy on the email address in this advert. Your CV WILL NOT be sent anywhere without your prior consent.