Title: Network & Security Design Engineer  Firewalls, Networking
Webindex: 71759668
Company: Nationwide People Ltd
Description: Network Security Design Engineer  Firewalls, Networking The successful Security Design Engineer will ideally be SC Cleared or eligible for clearance. My client, a world leading technology and outsourcing client is seeking a dynamic and technical Security Design Engineer with expertise in the design, implementation and configuration of Firewall Systems, such as Cisco PIX, Cisco ASA, McAfee Enterprise Firewall and Juniper Firewalls. The ideal Security Network Design Engineer will also possess an array of technical skills such as Content Scanning products (MimeSweeper, M86), DNS, DHCP, SMTP, HTP etc. The ideal Security Design Engineer will have a proven track record of Designing, Developing, Implementing, Configuration and Supporting various complex Security Systems, so you need to be a technical expert in this field This role will cover first line fault and problem resolution and providing advice and guidance on firewall administration and management. Technical Skills Needed Expertise in the design, implementation and configuration of: Firewall Systems  McAfee Enterprise Firewall (Sidewinder), Cisco ASA and Juniper firewalls Content scanning systems  M86 products, MIMEsweeper Network protocols/applications: DNS, SMTP, HTTP, DHCP, NTP. TCP/IP networking Secure remote access systems Good experience of Windows and UNIX operating systems. Strong troubleshooting/diagnostic skills of network and application faults. Experience of email encryption products and technologies  S/MIME, TLS, PGP Experience of VMware virtualisation Any experience of Cisco switches routers, VLANs, Ethernet Familiarity of AntiVirus products including Symantec, AV, Sophos, McAfee Familiarity with X.**** Nexor Mailer is a big bonus but not essential. What is essential is the ability to become Security Clearance. The successful Security Design Engineer will ideally be SC Cleared at present OR eligible for clearance. Again, must have skills are: Network Security Design Firewalls (Juniper, Cisco, McAfee etc) As many as the following  TCP/IP, MimeSweeper, M86, DNS, DHCP, SMTP, HTP etc This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NetworkSecurityDesignEngineerFirewallsNetworking_job****