Title: IT and Systems Trainer  4 Month FTC
Webindex: 68181101
Company: Matchtech Group Plc
Description: IT and Systems Trainer required to work for a national Employability and Training provider for a 4 month fixed term contract. You will have a strong background as a sole IT Systems Trainer within a commercial environment. As IT and Systems Trainer, you will responsible for delivering companywide training on Microsoft Office, Train the Trainer and internal IT systems including their bespoke CRM system. You will be based in the London office but will be expected to travel to other offices nationally, as required. The training will be delivered in both face to face sessions and remotely through systems such as WebEx. You will need to have a strong technical ability in using online training applications, Windows 7 and the Microsoft Office package (**** and 2010). Within this 4 month period, the job role will consist of the following:  Conducting an IT skills needs analysis across the business, and help creating a development plan in response.  Review and make improvements to current approaches for the delivery of IT and systems training.  Design and develop IT and Systems training manuals, user guides and other learning resources.  Deliver Train the Trainer programmes for IT Champions (including on Microsoft Outlook / inbox management).  Provide direct training as required (upskilling programme).  Help plan the roll out of new systems and applications (including Microsoft Office 2010).  Work with the IT Team to develop guidance for staff on rectifying common IT issues.  Strong technical knowledge with Microsoft Office, in particular Outlook, Excel and Word. As IT and Systems Trainer, you will have the following skills:  Experience as an IT Systems Trainer in a commercial environment across multiple sites.  Strategiclevel knowledge of building and delivering entire training programmes, including written documentation.  Expert knowledge (and ideally certification) delivering training in Microsoft Office (**** and 2010) and Windows 7.  Sound technical knowledge and experience training users on CRMs and other bespoke IT applications.  Ability to learn new applications quickly.  Ability to deliver training online using applications such as WebEx.  Experience conducting UAT.  Experience (and ideally certification) in at least one of the following methodologies: TAP / TPMA or equivalent. Ideally, you will have one or more of the following:  Experience of creating eLearning courses using Adobe Captivate or similar.  Understanding of Application Servers and how they work. The salary for this position is up to **** (pro rata) for a 4 month FTC. To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.