Title: IT Helpdesk Coordinator  Cisco / ITIL / Network Infrastructure
Webindex: 68347037
Company: Hewett Recruitment Limited
Description: IT Helpdesk Coordinator, Cisco, ITIL, Network Infrastructure, Worcestershire, West Midlands. IT Helpdesk Coordinator, Cisco, ITIL, Network Infrastructure, Worcestershire, West Midlands. A fantastic opportunity has arisen for an ambitious helpdesk professional to join a rapidly growing global service provider based in Worcestershire. The company offer strategic ICT infrastructure and data centre solutions and are seeking a Helpdesk Coordinator to build a brand new helpdesk team within the company. Starting from scratch you will personally provide 1st and 2nd line support to a range of high profile clients, whilst also building a helpdesk team below you. As the team grows you will be responsible for developing and maintaining KPIs, ensuring that the team meets all agreed service levels across the companys varied client base. The successful applicant will have a proven track record in a similar role, developing and managing a well organised and efficient helpdesk team that works to the highest standards of customer service. You will have strong project management skills and considerable knowledge of working in 1st and 2nd line IT support. A solid technical background is expected, and any experience of working with Cisco networking and / or ITIL practices would be very beneficial, as would any technical certifications such as CCNA or CCNP. You will be a highly organised individual, accustomed to keeping accurate documentation, and will have excellent interpersonal and communication skills. This is a brilliant chance to join a fast growing business offering excellent career and personal development and the chance to work on some very exciting, cutting edge projects. Based in Worcestershire, commutable from Worcester, Malvern, Cheltenham, Gloucester, Ledbury, Hereford, Evesham, Pershore, Droitwich Spa, Redditch, Bromsgrove, StratforduponAvon, Kidderminster and Birmingham. Salary **** commensurate with experience.