Title: Manager, Information Protection and Continuity
Webindex: 72160547
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Manager, Information Protection and Continuity Competitive salary and benefits package London If you currently have extensive, practical information risk and security knowledge gained within a large organisation, preferably in the financial sector or another regulated industry sector, then here's a role that will challenge and reward your capabilities in equal measure. The role As a key member of the Information Protection and Continuity (IPaC) Team, you will be responsible for managing, defining and implementing Information Risk and Security Management throughout the Corporation. Principally, you will lead the implementation of robust information risk management practices through the provision of a comprehensive 'second line of defence' service to the Corporation, offering assurance as to the adequacy and effectiveness of the service from an informed risk perspective. What you'll need A proven track record in the delivery of numerous aspects of information risk and security. Ability to analyse and understand business requirements in an applications and systems context Demonstrable systematic, disciplined and analytical approach to problem solving. Good knowledge of computer operations' practices and procedures, operating systems, local and wide area communications networks and Client Server hardware components. A detailed knowledge of security concepts and practices and of methods, tools and techniques for information security risk management, compliance reviews and incident management. A full understanding of control principles, frameworks and practices. Excellent written, oral, and presentation skills to describe findings, derive conclusions, justify recommendations and gain commitment to remediating risk in a timely and effective manner. Experience either directly in information risk and security or through full exposure to information risk and security in a business area/IT/audit role. Qualifications in an Information Security and/or Audit discipline with expectation to gain CISSP and either CISM or CISA certification, ideally within six months of taking on the role if you haven't already gained those qualifications. Proficiency in the standards associated with information risk and security best practice, eg ISO 2700n, COBIT, CMMi, ITIL and demonstrable understanding of relevant national and international legislation, eg Data Protection Act, Computer Misuse Act, RIPA. Please contact for the full job description Salary range ****k Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.