Title: 12 Month Maternity Cover Procurement Analyst
Webindex: 68356652
Company: Office Angels
Description: Our Prestigious Client are looking to recruit a IT Procurement Analyst/Sales Support on a **** month Maternity Cover contract. The suitable candidate will work in a multi client, demanding environment, dealing with both internal and external clients, covering a range of tasks including. Handle customer enquiries relating to products, prices, deliveries and processes. Provide quotations for IT hardware, software and services. Assist in coordination of data for bid/tender proposals. Build effective relationships with clients and suppliers. Follow multiple predefined processes that may be client specific. Use of internal eprocurement tool for quote and order preparation, with basic administration of the system. Work in line with pre agreed SLA s, for both internal and external client requests. Work closely with the internal purchasing and logistics teams to fulfil customer needs around pricing and delivery timescales. Facilitate returns requests Essential Experience/Skills: High level of accuracy. Proactive team player. Up to date knowledge of IT hardware and software. Customer focused. Must be able to manage own time and workload to meet agreed SLA . Good standard of maths and English. Desired Experience/Skills: Previous experience in a sales support environment, preferably in the IT Channel. Understand deal registration and bid processes. Knowledge of hardware such as HP, Oracle and SUN, software licensing such as VMWare, Citrix, and Microsoft. Personal Attributes: Excellent organisational and communication skills combined with commercial awareness. A determination to meet and exceed client expectations. Driven and efficient performance in a fast paced and demanding environment If you would like to apply for the above vacancy please email your CV to (url removed) quoting reference LJ/Procurement AnalystandSales Support. Due to the volume of applicants only successful candidates will be contacted. Office Angels are an equal opportunities employer