Title: Online/Ecommerce Retention Specialist with Creative Marketing
Webindex: 68687728
Company: Euro London Appointments   London
Description: Are you a guru who understands how to keep customers loyal? Do you have a burning desire to create something new within Social marketing? Are you Ecommerce savvy? My client are a well backed Startup looking to build the next big thing in Social Gambling and they need you to help them They need someone here who has a way with words, to work with their Acquisition Analyst who loves numbers. You will be responsible for developing promotions for and communicating with our customers as well as supporting our customer acquisition efforts with wellwritten ad copy. We're looking for people with a startup attitude: who are highly motivated, energetic, and multitalented; who speak up and have plenty of ideas; who work hard, play hard, and do whatever it takes to get the job done. In return we offer a closeknit team, no legacy code, a casual and fun atmosphere, and the opportunity to make a real difference. So if you're tired of the same old, come and build the next big thing with us Working closely with the Customer Acquisition Analyst and the Marketing Director to align acquisition and retention efforts. Also working with the product team and customer services on tone of voice and customer communications. To register your interest please call Wayne Tritton at Euro London  Betting iGaming on **** **** **** or email w.trittoneurolondon.com Thank you for applying to Euro London Appointments, the UK's largest independent language consultancy. We aim to respond as promptly as possible to your application, however, due to the high level of CVs we receive we are only able to reply to applicants whose profile matches our clients requirements. To enquire about other vacancies please visit our website www.eurolondon.com This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/OnlineEcommerceRetentionSpecialistwithCreativeMarketing_job****