Title: IT Service Desk Engineer  Remote Support 1st /2nd Line
Webindex: 69032921
Company: XARA COMPUTERS  LIMITED
Description: Xara Computers (UK) Ltd provides outsourced IT support solutionsto companies in London and the South east. We are seeking an experienced IT Service Desk Engineer to support ourgrowing customer base. The successful candidate will provide customerfocused technicalsupport to our clients’ employees, working to agreed quality standards andservice level agreements. Your keyduties will include: technical incident management, 1st and 2nd line IT support for Microsoft and other applications remote monitoring and administration of server and PC configuration proactive server monitoring and reporting data back up monitoring and reporting active directory management printer troubleshooting MS Office installation and troubleshooting MS Exchange 2010 management firewall management user administration internet / broadband management mobile device support. Applicants will be requireto demonstrate: a minimum of 2 years experience in a similar role excellent communication skills and telephone manner customer management and relationship building skills MS Exchange/Windows/Office experience (MCSE / MCITP desirable) advanced diagnostic and troubleshooting skills good organisation, task prioritisation and time management skills the ability to complete tasks methodically, with an eye for detail a proactive and multitasking approach the ability to learn quickly. We need someone who can take responsibility for managing their ownworkload and who can exercise good judgement in helping and advising customers. Xara is an established IT services business with a reputation forservice quality in the provision of a onestopshop solution to customers ITsupport needs. We develop and maintainsuperb client relationships resulting in mutually beneficial long termrelationships. We operate cohesive, friendly and meritocratic teambased workingenvironment that offers opportunity for development and progression. Xara is a vibrant organisation that welcomespeople who are passionate about IT and who like to think “out of the box” todeliver great customer solutions. We would be delighted to hear from you if youbelieve you have the necessary experience. Please send your CV and acovering letter to jobsxaracomputers.com to get the ball rolling. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITServiceDeskEngineerRemoteSupport1st2ndLine_job****