Title: Network Run Manager  Bedfordshire
Webindex: 69037207
Company: SPS Resourcing
Description: Network Run Manager required for prestigious financial organisation in Bedfordshire. This is a 'handson' role and the main purpose of the role is to provide Network Support and consultancy to the business on all live and disaster recovery environments, coupled with supporting internal and external customers on the local, wide and remote area networks. Duties Include: Provide support and consultancy to the business. Take personal ownership and accountability for all network run issues. Actively demonstrate a flexible approach to all new requirements. Define and develop procedures for the operation of the Network run teams. Must be able to prioritise team workloads and manage customer expectations. Must have a practical working knowledge of the network security products and techniques, namely Cisco and Juniper firewalls along with knowledge of access lists and intrusion detection devices. Must have indepth knowledge of IP Subnetting, DNS and a working knowledge of IP registration and DNS allocation to industry recognised standards. Must have an in depth working knowledge of the Cisco IOS and product range. Must be willing to work weekends and unsociable hours if required, often at short notice. Must be able to produce quality documentation and diagrams using MS Office and MS Visio. Skills Required: Proven track record of managing large teams of network technical experts. Possess a broad range of Data and Telecommunications skills. Proven track record in supporting large and complex networks in a high availability/mission critical environments. Be able to demonstrate knowledge of the Cisco and Juniper technologies and products. Possess strong routing, switching, load balancing and firewall support experience. Must be able to work individually or as part of a larger support group to resolve technical issues expediently. Must be able to organise and prioritise their own and others workload providing regular updates on progress. Must adhere to strict change management policies and systems and be able to demonstrate the need for such controls. This is an excellent opportunity to join a financial UK market leader who invests heavily in their staff and who offer great career progression. For full job description email CV to SPS Resourcing or contact Stephen Savva to discuss further. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NetworkRunManagerBedfordshire_job****