Title: Graduate Erlang Developer
Webindex: 71184844
Company: Anonymous
Description: Role Description: With our portfolio of customer facing projects and consultancy assignments increasing in our offices, we are looking for talented individuals to join our young and dynamic team. We are looking for both experienced and junior developers with knowledge of functional programming languages such as Erlang, Clojure, Haskell, Scala and the imperative languages like C, Java and ObjectiveC. The right candidates will join small teams of highly skilled systems engineers developing software using Erlang/OTP. You will gain valuable experience in exciting stateoftheart systems within the Telecom, Financial Services, Banking, Messaging and Logistics sectors. As our clients are spread on six continents, there will be an opportunity to travel if you're up for it. Responsibilities: Design, code, test and support of Erlang and related software, including some research. Develop solutions using distributed concurrent programming, software packaging and release Write and test code in Erlang and occasionally in other languages such as C, Java, Clojure, Haskell, Scala ObjectiveC . Minimum Education: A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or related subject. Skills and experience required: Essential Demonstrable knowledge of Erlang programming which will be tested. Experience with Linux, OS X and Solaris operating systems Good verbal and written communication in English Good customer facing and presentation skills. Desirable Experience with languages such as C and Java Knowledge of Distributed Computing, and revision control software (preferably GIT or Subversion) Experience of implementation of soft real time servers Experience with interconnection protocols (HTTP, XMPP, SMPP, ) Experience with web frontend development Experience with Agile Methods, including Test Driven Development Problemsolving and thinking laterally as part of a team to meet the needs of the project. Equal opportunities: The right candidate will work in a rapidly expanding company which is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/GraduateErlangDeveloper_job****