Title: Applications Development Programmer
Webindex: 69687346
Company: UCAS
Description: Role Overview: Working as part of a highperformance, crossfunctional development team to deliver change into the existing estate and develop new solutions and services. Working collaboratively with the business, internal stakeholders and other IT staff using an Agile development methodology. Role Responsibilities:  To work with the Technical Delivery Manager, Testers, Database Developers, Designers and Web/Application Developers to create and maintain a range of applications to support core systems and other areas of the business.  To provide technical leadership and innovation in all aspects of application development.  To coach and mentor other team members in key technologies and developments, to improve general skill set of team and increase knowledge of solutions.  To investigate, suggest and where appropriate implement new technologies.  To prioritise own workload within the boundaries set by the Technical Delivery Manager.  To have detailed application and domain knowledge to support developer role. Minimum Criteria:  Educated to Degree level in relevant computing discipline or equivalent professional experience.  Extensive experience of developing ASP.NET web applications using C, familiar with .NET framework ****/****/****/**** or Java **** with some experience of ASP.NET/C web development.  Extensive experience of JavaScript, CSS, XML, XSL, XHTML technologies.  Experience of database design and development including writing queries.  Experience of working within an Agile software development environment.  Appropriate knowledge of system testing techniques and technologies.  Appropriate knowledge of crossbrowser and crossplatform web development.  Ability to work as a part of a development team and work well under pressure.  Strong analytical skills  Able to communicate effectively, including the ability to mentor, coach and motivate others.  Ability to prioritise and organise own workload (and workload of others where necessary) to meet specified deadlines. If you are interested in applying for this vacancy please include your CV and a cover letter clearly stating your salary expectations and reasons for applying for the role. UCAS values diversity and is committed to equality of opportunity UCAS does not discriminate on grounds of age, nationality, race, ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation or disability