Title: Systems Test Analyst/ Test Analyst/ Tester – Financial Services
Webindex: 69038822
Company: Big Red Recruitment
Description: ROLE: Systems Test Analyst/ Test Analyst/ Tester – Financial Services SALARY: Up to ****  Benefits LOCATION: Warwickshire (commutable from Warwick, Leamington Spa, StratfordUponAvon, Coventry, Birmingham, Rugby, Hinckley, Nuneaton) (Additional Keywords: QA Lead, Test Analyst, Selenium, QA Tester, Lead QA Engineer, Testing Analyst, QA Manager, QA Team Lead, Software Test Analyst, QA Analyst, Quality Assurance Lead, IT Quality Assurance Lead, Lead Test Analyst, Quality Assurance, IT Testing, Test team lead, test manager, testing, manual testing, automated testing, test) ROLE Our client in Warwickshire requires an experienced Systems Test Analyst to join their busy and dynamic team. The analyst will be required to participate within the full, endtoend life cycle for all IT projects and system changes, testing core applications for the business. Whilst liaising and building relationships with the Business Analysts, Developers and fellow team members, you will be required to analyze the specification requirements to produce the test condition. The analyst will then take this test condition and follow this through to functional testing and implementation. You will be responsible for defining test strategy, test planning and script writing. Maintaining the test environment system will also be your responsibility. SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE  Sound knowledge and understanding of functional testing methodologies.  Minimum of two years systems testing experience, ideally, but not essentially.  Excellent communication skills.  Ability to work as either part of a team or taking complete responsibility for projects as the sole analyst is paramount.  You will take full responsibility for testing endtoend and must build relationships with business analysts, developers and your department colleagues.  Experience of testing multiple applications written in various languages (including Visual Basic HTML), which interface, to a SQL server or Oracle database.  A working knowledge of Windows 2000, SQL and UNIX servers ideally. ESSENTIAL  Relational Databases  SQL (the ability to write basic queries is required as you must validate your work against tables) COMPANY Our Client is a well established and successful Financial Services organization based in Warwickshire (commutable from Warwick, Leamington Spa, StratfordUponAvon, Coventry, Birmingham, Rugby, Hinckley, Nuneaton) islooking to grow their experienced and credited team. They are an employeefocused organization, committed to equal opportunities and internal progression, offering impeccable working condition. HOW TO APPLY If you think you have the required skills and are a positive, enthusiastic individual, please send your CV as soon as possible to holliembigredrecrutiment.co.uk . Additional Keywords: QA Lead, Test Analyst, Selenium, QA Tester, Lead QA Engineer, Testing Analyst, QA Manager, QA Team Lead, Software Test Analyst, QA Analyst, Quality Assurance Lead, IT Quality Assurance Lead, Lead Test Analyst, Quality Assurance, IT Testing, Test team lead, test manager, testing, manual testing, automated testing, test This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SystemsTestAnalystTestAnalystTesterFinancialServices_job****