Title: ISO27001/PCI Security Consultant
Webindex: 71565385
Company: Capita Resourcing – Jobs at Capita
Description: Capita is the UK's leading outsourcing company and we are currently looking to bring on board a security consultant to provide internal corporate security consulting services, develop and enhance policy architecture and processes, assess business security risks, recommend security controls that enable the business to be in control of risks promote security awareness and strengthen relationships with business units by creating value for business stake holders. This role requires strong knowdleg of ISO27001 and PCI. Responsibilities of this role will include: Conducts information security control reviews for a full range of control types and techniques, for all types of business applications and computer installations, and recommends appropriate action to management. Identifies threats and provides authoritative advice and guidance on the application and operation of all types of information security controls, including legislative or regulatory requirements such as PCI, Data Protection, HMG standards etc. Interprets and applies information security policy and standards, and contributes to development of these documents. Delivers and contributes to the design and development of specialist information security education and training for system users and operational staff. Manages the operation of appropriate information security controls as a production service to the ITS business units. Audit and report on security compliance within the business/ Provide security governance leadership and advice Act as a management advisor on all business security policy, security strategy and risk management issues Manage all work assignments on a project basis, covering the project full life cycle starting with initial customer contact and agreeing a terms of reference through project delivery and implementation. Provide security subject matter expertise on projects undertaken by business units, application development and technology teams Act as a security subject matter expert in presales activities and draft the security section in bid proposals This position does require flexibility regarding travel and in reality there will be a mixture of working from home, client sites and in company offices. There may also on occasion require you to stay away from home overnight. If you are available immediately, a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) with a good technical understanding and aptitude to remain up to date with information security standards and Technology then please do not hesitate to apply below today. Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ISO27001PCISecurityConsultant_job****