Title: Embedded Software Engineer
Webindex: 55409607
Company: DMS 
Description: Our client, an award winning Systems and Software House based close to Milton Keynes, is seeking a permanent Embedded Software Engineer. The Role Embedded Systems Developer We require an enthusiastic and dynamic individual to join our successful research and development team. This is an exciting opportunity for the successful applicant to join us the team in developing these amazing products. Your Background Suitable candidates will need to demonstrate essential skills/experience with: Analogue and Digital Electronics Design with emphasis on Microcontrollers Embedded Software experience in C and Assembly Language CANbus Experience Schematic design Prototyping Producing documentation such as specifications, assembly instructions, test instructions and user guides Production support PCB Layout Experience EMC/LVD design requirements and approval processes experience Minimum of degree in Electronic Engineering or equivalent. Minimum of 2 years work experience in a relevant area. Candidates would benefit from having the following skills/experience however these are not essential: RFID or RF design experience Familiarity with EasyPC PCB design software Experience with Microchip Microcontrollers Key Responsibilities Support and develop existing and new products Participate in the development and implementation of new product design from the initial development stage through handover of manufacturing. This part of the role will be especially interesting as you will be able to see the development of the product evolve and your input will significantly influence the way in which our products develop in the future. Provide support and documentation for developments that you have been involved with such as Schematics, BOM's, build procedures, test procedures and end user guides. Provide high level product technical support where required. This may include liaison with suppliers, internal departments and end customers. The role requires the candidate to be self motivated, enthusiastic, willing to learn and trustworthy. embedded digital pcb electronics milton keynes