Title: Enterpise Data Architect  Banking
Webindex: 72688493
Company: Deerfoot IT Resources Limited
Description: Enterprise Data Architect Central London base c. ****k  bonus  bens Our client is one of the healthiest banks in the world at this current time (virtually zero exposure to the subprime market). If you like the excitement of working in the IT banking sector, but dont especially enjoy the culture of long hours and intense pressure this could be the organisation for you. An opportunity has arisen to join this banking group as Enterprise Data Architect. Key skills: Enterprise data architecture experience. Strong working experience in data warehouse, data integration, data mart design and implementation within a financial institution. Experience designing, implementing and supporting SQL / Oracle environments. Excellent data modelling (conceptual, logical and physical), mapping and analysis skills. Knowledge of MDM (Master Data Management) technologies and BI tools. Knowledge of ECM technologies such as Sharepoint and Filenet. Knowledge / experience of Service Orientated Architecture. Experience of working for a global company and Java / .net environments beneficial. Base of c. ****k  bonus 27 days holiday  superb pension scheme  other good bens. The Enterprise Data Architect will be responsible for applying principles, theories and concepts to analysing and modelling data to promote the EMEAwide sharing and management of those data assets. The person will lead the effort in expanding the companys use of data as a strategic enabler of corporate goals and objectives, and will lead the implementation of the data management function for the organisation, including ensuring the data quality, data modelling and data standards, as well as maintaining overall accountability for enterprise data. The person will need to have strong business skills as well as technical ones to influence and work with crossfunctional teams. They will define datagathering requirements, manage, investigate, resolve data quality issues, conduct data analysis, data mining and design and implement reporting solutions. The challenge will be how we introduce a strategic direction, technology and products where required for managing data assets and also how we migrate from legacy data management systems whilst managing multiple ongoing projects. Core responsibilities include: Developing enterprise data architecture, data management methodology and standards. Providing leadership in data management strategies, governance and design. Developing conceptual data models and conceptual data flow for related projects. Analysing the current business and IT environment to detect critical deficiencies and recommend solutions for improvement. Analysing industry, technology and market trends to determine their potential impacts on the enterprises strategy and application architecture requirements. All applications handled with care and consideration. This role is being handled by Nick Gordon FIRP CertRP and Peter Hirst CertRP AIRP. Nick has 20 years IT sector experience, Peter c.**** Apple ipad ****s available for referrals that lead to placements. Terms conditions on application. Ky words : MDM Oracle SQL Server rdmbs data architect data architecture banking