Title: IP Architect
Webindex: 72161014
Company: Vine Resources
Description: IP Architect  Berkshire Required skills for the IP Architect role include: Strong telecommunications and carrier network experience with a proven track record in a Telecom equipment supplier or carrier. Familiar with Fixed and/or Mobile operators IP Core and transport Networks in the Core, Metro and Backhaul areas. Good knowledge of MPLS, L****VPN, L****VPN, Ethernet, ATM, and other IP/Data Communication Protocols, as well as the related solutions such as QoS, synchronization, protection, security, etc. Familiar with other vendors' IP/Datacom Network products. Minimum of Bachelor degree in telecommunications, computer science or electronics. The IP Architect will Ideally have a CCIE or equivalent qualification. Duties of the IP Architect include: The IP Architect will support solution sales and account management in establishing, developing and closing business opportunities in the field of Core Router, Service Router, Security Gateway, Mobile Backhaul and Metro Ethernet products. You will be responsible for all the presale support on a Global Key Account and will be travelling to the subsidiaries when be required. Solution Sales for a Global Key Account and its subsidiaries including customer strategy analysis, network design, technical proposal, equipment configuration, customer workshop, relations and branding etc. Collect and analyze all marketing information. Seek out, identify, develop, support and close business opportunities with Accounts according to overall Global Account strategy. Identify key customer requirements and coordinate with Product Marketing to ensure that these requirements are implemented in the products. Customize and promote the Company's IP Core, Multi Service Gateway, Mobile Backhaul and Metro Ethernet solutions. Produce and deliver formal business proposals and presentations. Maintain and enhance the customer relationship with the key customers. Branding activities with customer. The role will involve a reasonable amount of travel to client sites. Therefore flexibility and good communication skills are a must.