Title: IT Problem Manager  ITIL
Webindex: 68835901
Description: IT Problem Manager with ISEB Certification in Problem Management and ITIL Certification (or equivalent ability) required for a great opportunity, delivering IT customer support in a global engineering service company. As the IT Problem Manager, you will need to have an ISEB Certificate in Problem management and be ITIL v**** certified or have the equivalent, proven ability. You will work as part of an IT Problem Management Team, based in Leatherhead. This is a great opportunity with a global Engineering Services Company and offers a competitive salary with excellent benefits. You will be responsible for:   Identifying and preventing problems and resulting incidents, elimination of recurring incidents and reduction of the impact of nonpreventable incidents using the following steps within the Problem Management process:  Diagnosing Root Cause Analyses through scheduled meetings with technical teams and their leads, documenting a summary of events and ensuring contributions by all parties and their consensus of any Root Cause.  Recognise within the business and IT organisations how to setup and manage Regular/Major Problem Management reviews. Interviewing by phone or bringing into meetings all the necessary skilled resources within IT or any other department.  Determining resolution and corrective actions  documenting the root cause, observations and corrective actions.  Prioritising the Problem records for review and communicating with Customers and Service Level Managers sufficiently to manage their expectations.  Work with Major Incident management Team, communicate to other teams where progress on Problem Management of Major Incidents is being made.  Responsibility to prepare and manage the publication of reports of Problem Records, Problem RCA s and Problem cost savings to provide evidence of the successful utlisation of the Problem Management process through measurement and to demonstrate its value to the business.  Manage and communicate Problem Management data and metrics Key skills required are:  ISEB practitioner certificate for skills in Problem Management within the ITIL framework. At ITIL version **** this would relate to Service Design and Service Operations as well as an ITIL v**** foundation course.  Background in an IT operations environment with a knowledge of systems administration, networks and support methodologies.  Working with systems and tools that encompass Problem Management and speciality in Problem Management or Major Incident Management experience  Ability to work independently and keep senior management adequately informed.  A role model in process led behaviour and an appreciation of Problem Management process within a wider context of other IT processes To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy