Title: Solutions Architect Jnr 3 Yrs MPLS WAN PreSales Infrastructure
Webindex: 70585569
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: Junior Solutions Architect 3 years xperience Infrastructure Design, Solutions Architect, MPLS, Bid Writer, Presales, WAN, Voice, ICT, Public Sector Our client is a leading provider of professional services and most complex high performance business Networks. The Solutions architect with strong MPLS experience has a key position within the Commercial Team, responsible for the design and pricing of often complex, largescale Wide Area Network services to Local Authorities in the UK. The projects are characterised by their complexity and by their long sales cycles and it is therefore paramount that customer requirements are analysed in detail and that suitable technical solutions developed to satisfy not only the technical specification but also within increasingly constrained fiscal environments. The Solutions architect is required to understand large scale IT operations to be able to advocate how solutions will support the overall IT strategy in an IT organisation. Responsibilities: ? Presales (Assist Sales, Technical discussions with customers around their WAN/communications strategy and Updata MPLS offering) ? Design of WAN/MPLS networks and other ICT services, Voice, Filtering, DNS etc. ? Commercial (Pricing off large solution services) ? Tender writing (be responsible for large tender responses, technical tender responses) ? Project Handover Required Skills and Experiences: ? Previous Presales experience required ? Strong Public Sector background desired ? Familiar with Public Sector procurement and bid processes ? Strong technical focus from a networking perspective possibly from a carrier background ? Handson MPLS experience highly advantageous ? Good financial modelling skills Please submit your CV today for an immediate CV review  You must live within a commutable distance to Glasgow. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SolutionsArchitectJnr3YrsMPLSWANPreSalesInfrastructure_job****