Title: Dynamics NAV Developer
Webindex: 67652824
Company: JAM Recruitment Ltd
Description: Job Title: Dynamics NAV Developer Package: **** (depending on experience) Location: South East Contact: Daniel Gallagher  JAM Recruitment Do you have a background developed in NAV software development? Would you like the opportunity to work for a leading End User? If this sounds like you please read on, as this could be your perfect opportunity Key Skills: NAV Development, C/SIDE, Data Integration, Data Conversion, SQL Server The Background The global end user is looking for an experienced NAV Developer to join the growing organisation to continue the ongoing development of their ERP System. Despite the current economic climate, the organisation is continuing its growth and currently operates in over 30 countries around the globe. The Role Reporting to the IT Manager you ll be responsible for developing, documenting and testing applications based on MS Dynamics NAV. To do this you ll analyse the internal requirements and put them into development solutions. Ongoing Support and maintenance is also a key area of the role. You will also be responsible for the integration into other internal systems and be involved in the development of web services. The Professional You ll have a strong background in MS Dynamics NAV development. You ll also have good SQL Server knowledge, good communication skills and have strong experience of data integration/data conversion. Knowledge of the full development lifecycle is critical. MS Dynamics Certifications are highly advantageous. The ideal candidate will have all of the above and also have experience of NAV **** RTC Development, NAV Application Server, SQL Server Skills  SSRS, SSIS, TSQL, and experience of .NET Development  VB.NET, ASP.NET and C. Please forward your most uptodate CV together with salary details or by calling Daniel Gallagher on (Apply online only). JAM Recruitment Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy Not suitable or interested but you know someone who is? Refer them and receive referral bonus with a value of **** if they are successfully placed. View our latest jobs today at (url removed) and follow us on Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn JAM Recruitment is acting as an employment agency with regards to this position