Title: Service Desk  Project CoOrdinator
Webindex: 55408125
Company: Amrec
Description: Service Desk  Project CoOrdinator/varied hybrid role/Manchester/****k****k plus benefits A Manchester based Cisco partner client are looking to recruit an individual to be responsible for two key areas of operational growth  controlling and running the service desk as well as liaising with all carriers, and service providers for successful delivery of the firms network solutions. The role will involve initial client contact on the phone with clients for service desk fault calls  this will include logging them, prioritising the faults and passing them on to the right individuals and also to be a Project Coordinator for current faults and project installations. This is a varied and predominantly deskbased role that will involve the successful applicant being very customer focussed, dealing with registering faults as they come in from customers and organising the operations behind onsite support issues and projects revolving around network installs. This will involve dealing with 3rd party suppliers, arranging visits with the customer, ordering parts for the job, keeping all parties updated. I am looking for an individual with excellent customer facing skills, mostly over the telephone but as required facetoface with the customer. This individual needs to be very organised and confident in their own ability to multitask and give excellent customer service. Although you don't need to be a highly skilled Cisco engineer for example it would be useful if you have an understanding of routing and switching and related technologies such as Ethernet, MPLS, DSL, possibly VPLS, bandwidths, fibre, copper etc and their role in Wide Area Networks (WAN). Experience of providing operational support in an organisation that implements network solutions is also required. Moving forward this role gives the successful applicant many options into future career development. You could progress in a variety of different roles including a more full blown project manager position, a more technical engineering and troubleshooting role or a service desk role to take charge of the entire fault management function. For much more information please call me to discuss on the number below and send you CV through to me asap. service desk help desk project co ordinator