Title: SAP Project/Programme Manager Leading SI Delivery focused
Webindex: 71565000
Company: Lawrence Harvey
Description: SAP Hands on Project/Programme Manager: Rapidly growing consultancy: APPLY NOW My client an international, rapidly expanding global consultancy is looking for hands on programme/project managers. Their passion is to dedicate their global technology and innovation knowhow, industry expertise and worldwide resources to working together with clients to make their businesses stronger. My client are a global SAP partner providing innovative and differentiated service offerings to both new SAP customers and the SAP installed base. The experienced Senior Program Manager will be part of the SAP UK/I Practice and an active member of the Strategic Programs Group. The ideal candidate possesses good client relationship stakeholder management skills and should be able to influence decision making with experience of managing complex projects/programs. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills is a must. The successful consultant will be expected to:  Manage and deliver large SAP programs for key customer accounts  Own all aspects of delivery including; budget, quality, customer satisfaction and solution assurance.  Ensure related resource planning, deliverables and team expectations  Work with customers to analyse business requirements and manage delivery of SAP based solutions and projects.  Work extensively with onsite/offshore teams to ensure successful delivery Skills Experience The Ideal candidate should have worked extensively in managing large scale SAP programs and have experience of working with a recognized SAP Consulting Partner for a significant period of their career along with exposure to the onsite/offshore delivery model. The ideal candidate will want to play an active hand on role in the full lifecycle of a project including project preparation, mobilization of team, design/blueprint right through to transition to support. My client is looking for consultants able to drive forward methodologies whilst simultaneously managing the project plans and customer. The ideal candidate should possess below skills and experience.  Demonstrative experience in SAP, specializing in SAP Program/Project Management  Extensive experience in people management, issue management and resolution, governance and controls  Detailed understanding of SAP Eco System  Manage strategic, operational and financial aspects of SAP project delivery.  Manage client interaction and expectations  Ability and experience to grow teams within a project / customer environment.  Excellent knowledge of relevant project management methodologies If you are looking for a new challenge in 2013 and are looking to work for a company that will fully support you in your journey please do not hesitate to apply.Lawrence Harvey is acting as an employment agency in regards to this position. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SAPProjectProgrammeManagerLeadingSIDeliveryfocused_job****