Title: Software Development Manager  Retail Systems
Webindex: 69669735
Company: Matchtech Group Plc
Description: Software Development Manager  Retail Systems  In this role you will act as IT owner for an array of Retail based software applications. The successful candidate will have previous experience of managing the software development of retail based software applications. Experience of working with offshore software development vendors is highly desirable. Excellent package: basic salary of up to ****K  1720% bonus (very achievable)  ****K car allowance  Private healthcare, 25 days holiday and shares. The role includes line management and is varied due to a diverse set of products, some of which are in need of attention, and a need to constantly improve all aspects of delivery working with offshore teams as appropriate. Job role: Review / accept business requirements and high level designs into build. Create build teams, drawing on multiple resource pools, to deliver change. Estimate, plan, track and report on deliveries. Linemanage up to **** developers. Maintain health checks on a specific set of products Build road maps for those products making recommendations/justifications for remedial work as appropriate. Essential skills include: Proven experience of software design and delivery  building and leading teams with a background of handson development. Experience in working with offshore vendors and package suppliers. Broad IT knowledge / experience Prince**** ITIL, Vendor Management. Broad understanding of eCommerce. Solid understanding of Business Intelligence principles. Line management of permanent and contract resources. Desirable skills include Previous handson development experience in Java. Previous handson development experience with a Business Intelligence toolset (Pentaho would be ideal). Agile methodology is not practiced but experience would be seen as advantageous. Cloud Services (Google). Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.