Title: ICT Desktop Infrastructure Analyst x****  Resources
Webindex: 62003712
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: ICT Desktop Infrastructure Analyst x****  Resources Reference no: W Cheshire **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: CH**** **** What s involved with this role: Job Purpose: The ICT Shared Service on behalf of Cheshire West and Chester Council require a highly skilled technical desktop infrastructure analyst to manage the technical desktop build requirements and migration for a Windows 7 / Office ****010 desktop upgrade and management of a deployment infrastructure (SCCM). Strong hands on experience of undertaking a Windows XP to Windows7 migration and awareness of migration challenges are essential. The person will also possess excellent communication skills and the ability to the guide the customer on industry best practices The person will have proven skills and experience of full desktop lifecycle management to include hands on experience of the build process including image creation and deployment as well as practical experience of administering an application deployment infrastructure. Evidence of preparing quality documentation and testing are required for this role. JOB PROFILE: Technologies: Windows XP; Windows 7; Office ****010; SCCM 2012; McAfee; Participation in a desktop migration project from Windows XP to Windows 7  evidence of responsibility for designing technical elements of a Windows 7 migration solution. Windows 7 and Server **** R2 desktop image creation, deployment and full documentation of process. Experience using MDT and Image X. Development of testing plans and scripts to assure and improve build quality User Profile migration / desktop Group Policy design and creation; testing; deployment and documentation Managing SCCM 2012 infrastructure including support and administration; development of BAU processes and associated documentation and training Working with a change and release and packaging teams to implement best practice processes for testing and deployment and to ensure effective communication between the desktop and packaging teams Excellent troubleshooting and support skills Highly Desirable Experience: Technologies: AppSense; AppV; Citrix (XenApp **** and Presentation Server); AdminStudio, Symantec Ghost. Project Implementations: SCCM 2012; AppSense Knowledge of services and workings of local government Experience of working in ITIL Service Management Experience of working in a Prince2 environment N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also state that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Please refer to the Job Profile above all requirements must be addressed within your CV Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Resources/ICT/Analyst Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 23 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited