Title: KYC/AML Analyst
Webindex: 68495961
Company: Experis IT
Description: Our client is looking for a Junior Junior KYC/AML Analyst to take on 'Know Your Customer/AntiMoney Laundering' duties. The successful candidate will be a Junior Analyst who has worked on KYC/AML and CDD for up to one year. The main responsibilities and accountabilities will include: Research and validation of customer identification data/evidence using appropriate internal and external data sources. Ensure customers classified in line with required (FSA, CDD/KYC, MiFID) regulations and Sanctions. Review new and existing counterparties ensuring that verification documentation is maintained and escalated to the MLRO where appropriate through dedicated reporting lines. (See reporting relationships) Assist with developing Compliance monitoring and procedures as new rules and legislation are introduced Help to ensure that staff receive all necessary compliance and AMLtraining Assist in the development of the Counterparty KYC/CDD database Education and qualification: Ideally educated to degree level. Anti Money Laundering qualification preferred. The successful candidate should have: Up to 1 years experience in an AML/KYC role within the financial services sector. Able to demonstrate knowledge of KYC/CDD,AML and Sanctions policies/procedures Have the ability to recognise and address areas of concern, escalating where necessary. Be comfortable working autonomously and within a small team and should be adaptable, hard working, and have the ability to manage their own time effectively to meet deadlines with good attention to detail. Have the ability to work and communicate with a wide range of staff at all levels and be able to quickly establish credibility within the business. Also have excellent written and oral communication skills Demonstrate excellent analytical skills and problem solving, self motivation and possess an enquiring mind Demonstrate good team working skills and the ability to work efficiently and accurately under pressure Possess a willingness to work in a growing, fluid and dynamic environment where the problems are openended and often unstructured. The ideal candidate will have the ability to view traditional problems in new and novels ways. Suitable candidates should submit their CVs in the first instance.