Title: Data Scientist – groundbreaking mobile startup
Webindex: 71760236
Company: RICHARD WHEELER ASSOCIATES
Description: Data Scientist – groundbreaking mobile startup (London N****) ****k negotiable. Do you thrive on data and crave a ‘hens teeth’ opportunity: to be one of the first members of a groundbreaking mobile commerce startup? A company that already has very substantial investment  backed by venture capital angel investors who helped build the world’s most loved mobile, consumer social companies  and globally rave reviews We’re looking for an outstanding Data Scientist to work with the Founders and Marketing and Sales Directors to analyse an amazing wealth of data to improve every aspect of the service. Your remit? Create and interpret data gain insight to make real business improvements, analyse current customer journey funnels and identify areas to improve, identify the perfect product mix to best serve customers, define key business benchmark metrics to define success and automate tasks to make the best use of your time. So. You’ll need to have: a deep knowledge of information retrieval/ data mining (or a related field); excellent programming technical skills (e.g., Python, Matlab, R, SQL, Hadoop, Pig) together with a keen interest in learning new ones; strong communication skills with a flair for sharing information with both technical and nontechnical members of the team; an executer that has the drive and determination to get the task done and the ability to work independently. You will also have a degree in Maths or Computer Science (or other quantitative subject). Last but not least. You'll have a say in all parts of the company and get to shape its culture and development methodologies. You’ll be joining a small team of hardcharging people, who have built and worked with tech startups in the past and are committed to building excellent products. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DataScientistgroundbreakingmobilestartup_job****