Title: Senior QA Analyst
Webindex: 62011342
Company: MBN Recruitment
Description: Required for my client, a leading Digital Agency, proven QA Analyst who thrives in a fast paced but supportive environment. You must be experienced in: QA Analyst / Lead Analyst / Senior Analyst with solid technical experience in the SQL Server domain and associated tools (TSQL, DTS, SSIS, etc). This position is due to growth and on the back of some significant business wins. This is really exciting time to join, you are getting in on ground level of major business win, a real chance to set your name in lights in this field. Experience CRM database solutions Working with ETL processes, data loads, data formats, counts and multi channel (Mail, Email and Phone) extracts from relational databases. Solid experience of manual testing Solid experience using TSQL to run basic queries Familiarity with waterfall/iterative software development lifecycles and project management practices (optional). Experience of working with Pan European data sets desirable Ability to develop Test Plans create a summary of Test Plans/Approach for inclusion in Client facing documents Technical /Functional Skills: Sound understanding of SQL Server development environment and associated tools (TSQL, DTS, SSIS, Backup/Restore, Relational database best practice, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Indexing, etc.). Sound understanding of current application user interface development technologies (web, rich client, etc.). Ability to formulate use case strategies and map to test cases. Proven record in mapping Business Requirements to Technical test criteria Able to work with multiple test types examples include: Data / DB Integrity (a.k.a. Conversion testing) Functional Testing Performance, volume stress Security / Access System regression testing Privacy/Permissions Testing Understanding of Data protection laws and their application with a marketing database Desirable to have:  Digital Agency or Digital Sector experience is a nice to have but not essential  Advantageous to have client engagement experience but not essential Real opportunity to progress on the back of success in this growing business renowned for their high staff retention rate within the dynamic Digital space. Please send your CV in the first instance.