Title: Storage Backup 3rd Line Technical Consultant
Webindex: 68346810
Company: Marathon IT Services Ltd
Description: Storage Backup 3rd Line Technical Consultant, South Wales, Salary up to ****k My client is looking for an experienced 3rd Line Technical Consultant, to provide support and administration services for multiple storage and backup infrastructures; You will be delivering business critical services to a wide range of clients, by identifying potential improvements and making the most of automation or change procedures. Responsibilities will include:  Managing customer calls logged via the Help Desk.  Recovery of services in the event of a failure.  Attending DR tests on site or at an external location.  Monitoring and supporting the infrastructure for internal and external customers.  Providing and maintaining server backup facilities.  Participating in internal and external audits and reviews.  Undertaking Systems Management using monitoring tools such as BMC Patrol, Bocada and SANscreen.  Storage administration, maintenance, configuration, upgrade, patching, backup, performance, capacity planning, monitoring and reporting.  Maintenance and tuning of the toolsets.  Incident and problem analysis, progression and resolution. Experience required:  Indepth knowledge and operational experience of High End/MidRange storage arrays from one or more of the following manufacturers  EMC, Hitachi, HP, IBM, NetApp and Sun.  Brocade and/or Cisco Fibre Channel switch technology.  Experience of working with one or more of the following major backup products: EMC Networker, HP Data Protector, NetBackup and Tivoli Storage Manager.  A proven track record, working in a support environment, troubleshooting technical problems and working to Service Level Agreements. Desirable Skills  SANscreen, NetApp Operations Manager, IBM Tivoli Storage Productivity Center Suite and NetWisdom.  SAN Volume Controller.  Data Domain appliances.  UNIX  Wintel  IP Networks  BMC Patrol  HP Systems Insight Manager  VCB  VMware  VERITAS Volume Manager  PERL  Certification in SAN or Backup technologies is advantageous A full driving licence is required and due to mandatory security requirements, all candidates must either be SC security cleared, or be able to gain clearance. If you feel that you have the relevant experience and would like to be considered for this role, apply now by telephoning Roger Wood on **** **** / **** **** for a confidential discussion, or send a current copy of your CV to him at roger.woodmarathonits.com