Title: Telephony Project ICT Manager
Webindex: 69670655
Company: Deekay Technical Recruitment Limited
Description: ICT Project Manager needed for 3 months, to work on a specific telephony project. Successful candidates will have experience of PRINCE**** project management, and ITIL v3. We are looking for Project Managers with specific experience of delivering the following type of IT Projects: large scale telephony/contact centre upgrades on Avaya VOIP platforms. The successful candidate will  Ensure that change is managed effectively by working with relevant project teams and persons within the business and other key stakeholders  Be a PRINCE **** practitioner or equivalent  Be qualified to ITIL foundation level or exhibit experience with service management principles.  Have proven experience of successfully managing and delivering ICT led telephony projects with a diverse workload to a structured project management process  Experience leading multifunctional and multiskilled teams  Change Management experience in a large complex organisation undergoing change  MUST be experience from a LARGE COMPLEX organisation Additional role attributes  the candidate will be expected to: Define scope of project(s) and project initiation document(s), ensuring deadlines are understood and adhered to and that project objectives are clearly articulated and understood. Provide senior management with fully impacted solution options to complex project issues in order to drive timely decisionmaking. Manage the successful delivery of projects on time, to budget and of the right quality in line with the City Council s standard project management methodology, taking responsibility for regularly reports to the project board. Develop and maintain effective relationships with the Senior Responsible Officer and other key stakeholders, ensuring clear and effective channels of communication. Maintain control of the Project scope through an effective change control process, consulting with key stakeholders as necessary. Effectively manage and control individual or multiple project budgets and expenditure forecasts, taking accountability for resources allocated and provide regular updates. Successfully manage project risk through effective analysis, mitigation and contingency planning. Develop and manage the project risk and issues log, monitoring, updating and reporting progress against the log. Accountable for the management of all project documentation in a manner consistent with Prince **** or APM/PMI standards, including management of effective record keeping and version control of project documentation. Ensure that individual and multiple projects are effectively resourced and that all key stakeholders are identified and roles and responsibilities agreed and communicated effectively.