Title: IT Service Delivery Manager  Exeter
Webindex: 69043037
Company: ITecopeople
Description: Service Delivery Manager. Blue chip, Exeter based client is seeking a confident and technically minded candidate for this important role. You may already be an SDM but the client will also look at confident, handson and technically minded individuals from a non Service Management background who are looking to move into Service Delivery Management. Location: Exeter, Devon. Salary: to **** plus benefits. Essential Skills Required: In depth customer service experience (this may have come from Service Delivery, Help desk or a Business Analyst / Project Manager role). A confident, persuasive and motivated personality. Technically Minded  within 36 months you'll be expected to have a full understanding of the Service Delivery technical environment. Overview of Role: The post holder will be responsible as part of the Customer Services team, to the Head of IT Customer Services, for the following activities: Delivery and management of a set of agreed business SLA's. Monitor, measure and respond to customer satisfaction information. Take responsibility for Major Incident Management including IT and business communications. Work with business managers to improve the service and level of quality provided to the business by the Service Desk. Provide reports on the Service Desk performance to the Head of IT Customer Services. To provide a point of escalation for the business as well as the Service Desk. Liaise with the IT Customer Services and Technology teams to escalate and resolve issues as necessary. Proactively visit all supported areas across the client network to build relationships and business understanding. Maintain a continual service improvement culture through the Service Improvement Manager. Deliver robust hardware and software asset management through the Asset Configuration Manager. Purchase IT assets within an agreed specification and TCO to meet business SLA's. Recruitment of technicians and managers as required. Please send CV for further details. Services advertised by Summit are those of an Agency. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITServiceDeliveryManagerExeter_job****