Title: Project Manager  ERP Software
Webindex: 71268513
Description: IT Project Manager  ERP Software My client, a leading global IT solution provider, is looking for an IT project manager to join there growing business. Position Summary/Primary Objectives The Project Manager s primary responsibilities will be to drive and coordinate the panEuropean implementation of identified IT Project rollouts. A focus area will be our Data Warehouse, Reporting and our workflow system such as SAP, Direct and Service Now. This will be achieved by interfacing with the Business and Programme/Project owners in the region, as well as interfacing with all required parties within their European countries. Main Duties/Key Accountabilities Overall responsibility for the successful planning, execution, monitoring, control and closure of projects. This includes managing the designated projects towards agreed Key Success Indicators and managing tradeoffs between scope, quality, time and cost by applying common Project Management disciplines. Ensure that the their Methodology for Project Management is followed, standard PM tools and ways of working implemented. Ensure that all project requirements and objectives are properly documented (e.g. Project Initiation Document); maintain structure & coordination of the project documentation across the complete program/project lifecycle. Write documentations where appropriate. Identify and plan required resources for project implementation and ensure timely actively, integration, productivity and efficient use of resources to meet the requirements. Own the communication around the projects, internally within the European team and externally towards the countries. Track and report progress including realistic forecasts of final target positions for delivery dates and costs. Manage risks, resolve issues and concerns Obtain approval for required commitments in line with EU iPMO Governance principles. Release management where a number of system changes need to be undertaken. These include testing/regression testing, roll out and training, etc. Ensure program/project is transitioned into the relevant business area on completion. Program/Project closure as defined, including e.g. review actuals vs baseline, outstanding topics, lessons learned archiving of program/project documentation, communication of program/project closure and review outcome. Update Project Register and internal PMO Community (where applicable) Requirements: Education, Training and Experience: Degree and/or relevant certification in project management Full project lifecycle IT Project management experience Project Management knowledge for Data Warehousing, reporting and/or workflow systems and release development/deployment Excellent knowledge of business English and good knowledge of another European language is advantageous If you feel you are suitable for this position please apply ASAP for immediate consideration 