Title: Train Control Systems Integration Lead Engineer
Webindex: 71946908
Description: Excellent opportunity for a Senior Systems Engineer / Systems Architect with prior knowledge or Automatic Train Control System, from Design to Integration. The candidate will be responsible for leading the integration of Automatic Train Control (ATC) systems into the train design for new rolling stock projects. As such the candidate will have a proven track record in the discipline of complex System Integration. The scope of ATC systems includes all train protection and automatic operation systems including metro railway CBTC (Communication Based Train Control), (ERTMS/ETCS) European Rail Traffic Management System/European Train Control System. These ATC Systems interface with Doors systems, Brakes systems, Train Management Systems and Relay Logic so a working knowledge of the end to end functionality and overall system is essential. Knowledge and awareness of other rail vehicle subsystems is desirable. Responsibilities stretch throughout the product lifecycle from product development, test, through production, inservice support and finally decommission. An excellent knowledge of systems engineering and development, processes, methods and tools is essential. A good knowledge of product development processes and best practices is also highly desirable. The candidate will be an excellent negotiator and be experienced in technical supplier management and be able to demonstrate a proven track record in delivery. The ATC Systems Integration lead engineer will lead customer and supplier liaison, and strong communication skills are essential. The candidate will develop the long term vision and roadmap for train systems integration. The candidate will be accountable to develop and deliver solutions and innovations which deliver a competitive advantage. The candidate will be commercially aware and be capable of delivering cost optimal solutions and be capable of providing cost and schedule estimates on complex engineering programs. Behavioural competencies required include strong energy and drive, ability to lead, and be part of a team, excellent negotiating and excellent written and verbal communication skills, To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy