Title: Service Transition Analyst  to ****k  London City  Banking
Webindex: 67904519
Company: Deerfoot IT Resources Limited
Description: Service Transition Analyst / Release Analyst  IT Production  Investment Banking  circa ****k base  benefits Key: Service Transition, Service Acceptance, Change Management, Release Management, non functional testing, development into production, ITIL, Prince **** Our client s business is at the very heart of the London banking community and is a stable member and well regarded institution within city finance circles. Our client s IT systems help support the trading of items such as derivatives, swaps and fixed income products. Our client s position in London will further benefit as the banking world adjusts to a more regulated and structured environment. As a highly established and one of just two preferred suppliers to this client we have been asked to recruit a Service Transition Analyst (a key role focusing on controlled transition of Services from Development into Production. This is a good team (The team manager also joined via us). Base salary of ****k  ****630 days holiday, bonus  comprehensive benefits package to include good pension, family healthcare and other optional benefits. The role of IT Production is to provide high quality technical service delivery in relation to the business objectives. This service is delivered through a combination of Technical Management, Application Management, IT Operations Management and Service Management. Key skills: Previous experience in a similar Release Analyst / Service Transition / Acceptance type role Good knowledge of Release Management (Implementation) Experience with Change Management Understanding of the full lifecycle of Operational and nonfunctional Testing Understanding of the controlled transition of Services from Development into Production Desirable skills: Prince **** experience Investment banking exposure ITIL certified ideally Service Acceptance is a function that is part of the Production area of the IT Department. The objective of SA is to ensure the controlled transition of Services from Development into Production, maximising the chances of a successful implementation, whilst ensuring that the Production team are fully equipped to support and maintain the service on an ongoing basis. Key criteria are focused around operational, nonfunctional testing and include acceptance requirements for performance testing, deployment/installation testing, capacity planning, monitoring and alerting requirements, and support requirements. This role may suit an individual who has perhaps held the following types of roles: Service Acceptance Analyst, Technical Acceptance Analyst, Release Analyst, Change Analyst, Service Transition Analyst, Service Release Analyst, Service Delivery Key: Service Transition, Service Acceptance, Change Management, Release Management, non functional testing, development into production, ITIL, Prince 2 Thank you for taking the time to inspect this advert. Deerfoot IT is a preferred established recruitment partner to this organisation. All applications handled with care and consideration