Title: IS Service Desk Officer
Webindex: 70783039
Company: Southbank Centre
Description: Post: IS Service Desk Officer Department: Information Services Reports to: IS Service Desk Manager The Southbank centre are looking for a IS Service Desk Officer to complement their IT service delivery. The IS Service Officer will be involved with IT support, ICT administration and event IT support. The Southbank Centre is the UK’s largest arts centre, occupying a ****acre site that sits at the heart of London’s most vibrant cultural quarter on the South Bank of the Thames. The site has an extraordinary creative and architectural history stretching back to the **** Festival of Britain. Southbank Centre is home to the Royal Festival Hall, Queen Elizabeth Hall, Purcell Room and the Hayward Gallery as well as The Saison Poetry Library and the Arts Council Collection. Overall Objectives To operate the IT Service Desk and ensure all users of IS Services who are unable to workbecause of problems relating to the IS environment are compromised for as short a time as possible To provide exemplary customer service to all users of the IS Service Desk To maintain the Service Desk knowledge base and up to date documentation To support and facilitate the service transition from projects to operational services Main responsibilities Service Support Respond to requests for information from users of IS Services efficiently and in a timely manner Respond to incidents reported by users of IS Services.Log and manage any incidents reported on the IT Service Desk system and according to the agreed Service Level Agreement (SLA). Help users to become productive again as quickly as possible. If an incident cannot be resolved within the agreed SLA either provide an approved workaround or ensure that it is escalated to the appropriate internal or externally contracted support staff/suppliers. Liaise with suppliers as required to resolve an incident Test and install any fixes supplied by internal staff or external suppliers and approved by an appropriate IS Manager Keep users informed of the progress of their call and on resolution of an incident, confirm resolution with the user and if they agree, close the incident. Assist in making changes to the IST Service infrastructure when required Assist in monitoring trends in incidents reported and notify the IS Service Desk Manager of any adverse trends detected for further investigation Maintain and update a ‘knowledge base’ of solutions and workarounds to common problems. If an IT security incident is identified or diagnosed, immediately notify Line Manager or if unavailable the most senior IS Manager as available and initiate the security incident contingency plan To maintain and update all documentation relating to the effective operation of theIS department Report potential user training needs to IS Service Desk Manager (ie where repeated requests for software assistance have been reported). Where qualified to do so and with the approval of the IS Service Desk Manager, provide basic user training for specific IS Services especially where this aids the resolution of an incident or prevents a future incident occurring. Escalate calls to the Senior Service Desk Officer as appropriate. ICT infrastructure administration Assist with the maintenance, support, administration, configuration and operation of the ICT infrastructure as requested or approved by the IS Service Desk Manager, including but not limited to LAN, WAN, WLAN PBX, cabling/patching, network, messaging, file,print, storage and backup services Help maintain the asset register of SC’s IT equipment and licenses throughout their lifecycle from acquisition to disposal and according to current legislation and SC Be the first point of contact for SC’s photocopiers, printers, telephones, mobile devices and, where appropriate, to liaise with contracted third parties to ensure successful resolution of any reported requests or incidents. Coordinate the provision of new assets/services approved by IS Service Desk Manager. Maintain up to date registers of **** rd party contracted assets/services Purchase, install, test, upgrade and deploy hardware and software as requested or approved by the IS Service Desk Manager Manage SC’s tape backup systems, backup jobs and start/endofday procedures. Coordinate with **** rd party suppliers to ensure the secure offsite storage of backup media and recall and restoration of data as required Event Support Provide support for events held at/by SC as requested or agreed by IS Service Desk Manager Information Systems and Project support Assist with the maintenance, support, administration and upgrading of all existing IT business systems as requested and approved by the IS Service Desk Manager Support the implementation of new business systems/processes as requested or approved by the IS Service Desk Manager Governance, risk and compliance If a risk to the IS infrastructure or services is identified log the risk and escalate to the appropriate IS Manager If a quality issue is identified, especially during discussions with a customer, log it and escalate to the appropriate IS Manager. Assist in the identification and evaluation of quality issues when required. Manage IST stakeholders. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ISServiceDeskOfficer_job****