Title: Software Quality Engineer / Perm / Net / SQL
Webindex: 66195308
Description: Software Quality Engineer ASP.NET / SQL / WPF / Visual Studio A unique opportunity exists for an enthusiastic Software Quality Engineer with experience testing upon the Windows Platform to join an innovative development team using the latest Microsoft tools and technologies to provide solutions to the legal Industry. Responsibilities Provides input for the planning, integration, casing, scripting, and execution of all testing required of a software project. Provides the complete Test planning document for assigned project. Reviews business requirements and designs specifications for low to moderately complex changes/systems for completeness and testability. Develops, writes and maintains the test plans, develops test scripts for automation for assigned projects. Conducts and develops test environments using companyspecific, manual, programmatic or automated processes. Executes test scripts/cases and communicates the results of testing. Provides inputs and escalates issues in bug triage meetings and coordinates with development team if required under the guidance of the Lead. Tests modules of larger software products or smaller standalone software products to ensure proper operation and freedom from defects. Develops software to test Applications if required. Leverages technical solutions on assigned projects. Stays current with industry trends and identifies technologies that will impact the business. Conducts root cause analysis and correlation of other system and/or problems of moderate complexity. Typically works in a single QA team, as a member of the team. Identifies security risk, comes up with mitigation plans, and implements the same. Reports progress on problem resolution to management. Recommends improvements to the testing processes to create efficiencies. Technical / Professional Skills Competencies Knowledge of team Foundation Server and test manager and advantage but not essential. Advanced Software Testing Skills with good domain knowledge. Software Development experience Ability to work under tight schedule with high stress tolerance. Passionate about new knowledge. Good spoken and written English skills as well as organisational skills. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Knowledge of formal software engineering methodologies, Software development tools, Unit Testing, Code management tools, Design tools. Experience of working within an agile team. If you are interested in the role then please do contact Matt Hudson on **** **** **** or alternatively hit the apply button To find out more about Computer Futures please visit www.computerfutures.com