Title: 2nd Line Analyst
Webindex: 72161362
Company: Hays Resource Management   HRM Choice
Description: 2nd Line Analyst Milton Keynes Competitive salary  benefits A new and fantastic opportunity has arisen for a Second Line Analyst to join our remote desktop support team in Milton Keynes. The successful candidates will understand and manage the technical aspects of service delivery to the standards and procedures agreed , including problem investigation, support documentation and technical coaching. Responsibilities: Incident/Request Management 80% To manage incidents routed from First Level analysts and resolve within the limits of knowledge and contract. To maintain technical knowledge and expertise associated with applications specific to individual customers. To progress/close incidents to a satisfactory conclusion on the incident management system. To liaise with Team Leader/other Service Analysts/customer on open incidents ensuring no incidents is left unattended beyond SLA. To escalate potential service issues initially with Team Leader. To liaise with Team Leader/Service Delivery Manager on specific projects where requested. To complete administrative duties including time sheets, holiday, sickness and overtime forms in a timely and accurate manner. Knowledge Management 20% To review and update technical support documents and procedures in light of personal experience and information received. Share knowledge with colleagues and customers through direct communication and knowledge sharing tools. Proactively research problems and solutions and document findings for the advantage of customers and colleagues. Actively develop personal knowledge and awareness of new products and solutions. Skills Required: Experience in a Second Line Support capacity, with demonstrable experience of resolving incidents for a large corporate customer Understanding of Corporate IT Environments and their relationship to users of the IT Infrastructure. General awareness of developments in the IT industry. Ability to work in a team and to support team members. Committed to customer satisfaction and ownership of issues. Experience of supporting Windows 7 and Microsoft Office 2010 including Outlook Experience with supporting remote workers across a VPN Must have excellent customer service skills, communication and strong attention to detail Ability to work on own initiative, address and resolve problems in a pressurised environment A MCP certification Hays Corporate Accounts is a trading division of Hays Specialist Recruitment Limited and acts as an employment agency for permanent recruitment and employment business for the supply of temporary workers. By applying for this job you accept the T C's, Privacy Policy and Disclaimers which can be found on our website.