Title: Net/VBNET Team Lead (C, NET, ASPNET)
Webindex: 67907182
Company: TEKsystems
Description: .Net/VB.NET Team Lead (C, .NET, ASP.NET) C, .NET, VB.NET, ASP.NET, SQL Server, OO, Agile Our client is one of the UKs leading Financial services who are looking to add to their highly talented pool of .Net professionals with a highly experienced (C, .NET, ASP.NET, VB.NET) .Net Team Lead. At the centre of our award winning clients success is the IT Development team and their operational model. This is built with the most sophisticated technology (C, .NET, ASP.NET, VB.NET) and ground breaking data intelligence, fuelled by a continuous cycle of improvement. Our clients strategic focus is on totally revolved around technology and invests heavily to make sure that they are at the forefront of their market. In terms of the role, our client is looking for a .Net (C, .NET, ASP.NET, VB.NET) Professional who have had previous experience working with Microsoft technologies who have had experience working in a Senior Development or managerial team lead position (C, .NET, ASP.NET, VB.NET). The successful .Net Team Lead would come from a development (C, .NET, ASP.NET, VB.NET) background with ambitions to lead .Net teams. They must have experience working within Agile methodologies. The skills that are vital for this role are; C .Net VB.NET ASP.NET SQL Agile This role is urgent so please submit your CV to drobinsonteksystems for immediate information on this opportunity or alternatively to speak to me directly ring on **** and request Daniel Robinson. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice http://www.allegisgroup.com/Privacy/Default.aspx). By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant's voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant's profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NetVBNETTeamLeadC%****NETASPNET_job****