Title: Service Architect/Consultant
Webindex: 69541410
Company: Capita Resourcing
Description: Capita, FTSE 100 and leading Business Process Outsourcer, is now seeking a Service Architect to join their team to provision of consultancy services relating to Service Architecture and Service Management. To design and enable transition of IT services to meet business requirements, recognising that for many organisations, IT is an enabler of business. As the role invovles travelling around the UK, you would be based to nearest office to your home and be provided with either company car or car allowance. Therefore seeking applicants who are flexible and happy to travel. Key Objectives Champions service management and associated processes and procedures within Capita, operating within the ITIL frameworks and compliant with ISO2000 Takes a lead role in the design of IT services demonstrating a high level of understanding with respect to customer drivers, customer requirements, contractual agreements, service architecture and service management. Translating customer requirements and contractual obligations into a Service Design that describes the scope of services, delivery model(s), people, processes, Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and supporting Operational Level Agreements (OLAs) to provide the basis for transition into BusinessAsUsual (BAU) Production of a Service Model to support Operational teams in the delivery of IT services To produce or update the customer specific contractual agreement (Service Level Agreement) and gain sign off from the customer. Works closely with Project Management to lead on service elements of delivery to enable the operations transition team to transition the service into live production. Works closely with the Operations Transition to ensure that implemented or changed services are capable of delivering to target service levels and performance indicators. Supports the project manager in understanding any service risks, dependencies and issues that exist and the impact that these may have on the project, whilst mitigating those within their scope. Contributes to the Service Management service acceptance process by working closely with the Operations Transitions team. Service architecture and subject matter expertise to support the ISO 20000 Service management accreditations. So seeking applicants with the following: Extensive experience in designing, developing and implementing sustainable and scaleable service management processes and procedures. Experience in selecting and applying service management principles, policies and techniques in client operational environments. Customer focussed with ability to identify and understand the (internal and/or external) customer s needs. Displays a high degree of knowledge relating to service management and TSM toolsets, Experience of working at a senior Operations management level. Extensive IT Outsource knowledge and experience including experience in developing and using ITO cost models. Experience of working in large change programmes in a leadership role. Able to perform peer reviews, audits, standards compliance checks and due diligence as required. Demonstrable consultancy skills. Good experience as a service architect/consultant with excellent design experience Able to adapt to change at short notice. Creative problem solving and analysis skills with an ability to identify develop and implement solutions to gaps to meet the needs of the business. Excellent verbal and written (including presentation) communication, influencing and interpersonal skills. Experience in customer facing roles, specifically within Capita, is desirable. Willing to undergo CRB check if successful ITIL Manager or ITIL V**** Expert and ISO/IEC 20000 consultant qualifications are desirable. Experience in operating as a Service Delivery Manager or Operations Manager is also desirable but not essential. If interested apply now to avoid disappointment Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us