Title: CCTV Security Engineer/Installer
Webindex: 68351339
Description: Capita, FTSE 100 and leading Business Process Outsourcer is now seeking two Security Installers/Engineers who is competent and versatile to join their team at Heathrow Airport. Seeking applicants with good initiative and able to work well on their own or in a team as well as be able to lead a team if required. This position is to cover many locations but will primarily be working at the airports Heathrow and Gatwick, so an existing blue airside pass would be a distinct high advantage. Majority of the time is spent though at Heathrow. The Airports work a day and night shift this is dependent on where the work is and if passengers will be affected by the work they are doing. The role is predomintely day shift from 9am to 5,30pm but may need to swap from days to nights as required, they will give you as much notice as possible if that were to happen. The role is working in public areas so seeking applicants with a very good understanding of health and safety, and as a minimum be a holder of a CSCS card. Responsibilities include: Install CCTV systems, Faults find when problems arise. Work to the highest health and safety standards. Understand the risk and method statements for each particular job. Work to and understand the drawings issued for each installation. Daily accurate updates to the project supervisor at the end of each shift. Update drawings as installed, Keep records of what has been installed and where. Work within a team of installers. Seeking applicants with the following experience and skills: A security all rounder but will be more interested in an engineer with good working knowledge of CCTV and IP CCTV to begin with. In addition seeking experience working with, Axis, Bosch, JVC, and Sony cameras to name a few. Also have some knowledge of NVT Twisted pair Transmission as all this equipment is used within the Airport environment. Understanding of camera set ups in different environments.  Experience of installing CCTV systems Holder of a CSCS card. Good communication skills  Team player and can work on own iniative Willing to undergo CRB check if successful Willing and be able to obtain a BAA airside pass if successful,this would require applicants to possess a clean criminal record. Ideally the following too but not essential: Manufacture s Training certificates. Airside Pass First aid certificated IPAF certificated PASMA certificated GSAT If interested apply now to avoid disappointmentCapita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us