Title: Infrastructure Specialist Support/network/administration
Webindex: 68627889
Company: Ascent People Ltd
Description: Infrastructure support, managed services, Administrator, Network, Cisco, TCP/IP, Patching, Cabling, Hubs, Switches, Routers, client facing, Customer Solutions, Network services, IT Infrastructure. Guildford, Surrey, Reading, Woking. Our client is a global software house with offices across the globe. They are looking for a Infrastructure Specialist to work in their Managed Service department, to be based in Guilford, Surrey. You will be responsible for setup, administration and ongoing support of Managed Services customer solutions and network services, providing a high level of service availability and reliability, with appropriate focus on cost control and efficiency. Your had work and performances will be rewarded with a generous package and excellent benefits. The responsibilities of the Infrastructure Specialist include: Perform administration and support tasks across several areas within Managed Services. This will focus primarily on company's communication Servers (including FTP, SFTP, FTPS, MQ, AS****), but will also include server hardware and operating systems, SAN storage environments and networks Monitor and report on system availability and performance Administer systems for problem determination, alerting and escalation Work with other teams and departments to provide technical and operational assistance as required Essential Knowledge/Skills/Experience for the Infrastructure Specialist: Able to work to deadlines and changing priorities in a busy IT services environment Ability to prioritise and manage personal workload and achieve objectives Strong communication and documentation skills at both technical and business levels Excellent customer facing skills Experience of TCP/IP and communication protocols (FTP, SFTP, FTPS, MQ, AS****) As a Infrastructure Specialist you will have strong customer facing ability. Please send your CV today for immediate consideration. Ascent Recruitment is acting as an employment agency for this vacancy. Applicants from all ages and backgrounds will be considered.