Title: Project Planner /Programme Planner South London ****k  ****k Bens
Webindex: 68180925
Company: Experis IT
Description: A large government agency is recruiting for skilled IT professionals to join their consultancy services. The team supports the delivery of many important and cutting edge programmes for their **** staff across the globe. Their aim is to help deliver the services that underpin the overarching objectives of the agency and they therefore require additional people to uplift their capability in order to improve their delivery. As such they are now seeking a Senior Planner to join the team responsible for end to end planning one of their major IT Programmes. In this role you would be responsible for defining and maintaining plans for the projects, maintaining Level 1 and Level 2 plans for the projects in scope, keeping these consistent with the Level 0 programme plan; Ensuring the projects in scope are properly initiated in line with organisational standards; Ensuring clear definition and maintainance of the projects records of Risks, Issues, Assumptions, Dependencies and Decisions (RAID); Ensuring effective change control. As the ideal candidate you will have experience of full lifecycle planning ideally gained on sizable and complex IT programmes, experience of leading planning workshops guiding stakeholders to shape project plans, experience of Resource Management, Risk Management and exceptions reporting and experience of presenting to audiences up to board level. You will also be a strong self starter able to work independantly as well as part of the wider team. If you are a successful and ambitious Senior Planner looking to be involved in some of the UKs most complex and dynamic projects and come from an IT or Telecommunications background we would like to hear from you. For more information or to apply, please send your CV This post is open to UK Nationals, British Nationals (Overseas), British Protected Persons, Commonwealth Citizens, EEA Nationals of other member states and certain non EEA family members and Swiss nationals under the Swiss EU agreement. There must be no employment restriction or time limit on your permitted stay in the UK. You should normally have been resident in the United Kingdom for the last 5 years.