Title: Senior IT Recruitment Consultant Europe Division – HOT **** Recruitment
Webindex: 71676707
Company: 5Q
Description: Senior IT Recruitment Consultant Europe Division – HOT **** Recruitment Firm Exceptional Commission Scheme (20% on all revenue billed) A very exciting time to join this Recruitment Consultancy as new Brands / Divisions are being created, you can part of their growth and have a genuine passion for the business which in turn will result in regular promotions to management then potentially a recruitment director. With an environment that is vibrant yet relaxed the recruitment consultants are always heard and respected. They want to change the way IT Recruitment is perceived and are looking to hire a recruitment consultant who has fresh ideas and is a new business focussed. With exceptional offices just around the corner from Covent Garden you will be in the heart of the West End and ready to work hard, play hard. (Of course if you just want to work, make money and go home this is of course is your choice) It’s a very sales focussed environment, and many a trainee recruitment consultant has joined from a cold calling sales executive / estate agenttype role as the role is very similar. If you can convince me you’re the next trainee who will be a top recruitment consultant we can discuss this company. Why join? Fast expanding Recruitment consultancy International markets Personal Development plan / Ongoing training Blackberry Market leading database with over **** qualified and upto candidate database Exceptional support Pension Holidays abroad for top achieversand topping your biggest month billed as a recruitment consultant. Profile of the recruitment consultant wanted • Must have at least **** year proven experience as a recruitment consultant • Proven business development experience • Graduate to degree level • Highly ambitious and looking for a career This recruitment consultancy have driven their business forward with the correct hires of the most talented recruitment consultants in London. You can be shown around the office, meet the team and you will sense the genuine nature of their success. A recruitment consultant with passion and career focussed will want to meet me for an informal conversation to discuss this company in more detail. If you feel this role is close yet not exectly what you maybe looking for please make contact as I am working on over **** different companies, roles within the recruitment industry and we can discuss in detaul what is right for you. ****Q Consultancy are a specialist recruitment to recruitment consultancy, placing all level of recruitment consultants / senior director recruitment candidates / Placing Recruitment Consultants / Headhunters throughout the UK and Internationally. This is an exciting opportunity within a business that is going places. With a fresh approach to the market and a hugely experienced management team, Finatal is fast expanding its headhunting operations into International markets. To support the growth of our niche headhunting groups we need individuals with the drive to succeed and a healthy competitive streak. In return we offer you superb training, ongoing support from Directors, a flexible and fun working environment and the chance to build a fantastic career. We want to take on the best of the best consultants who have the potential to become directors running their own brand within 5 years. This isn't just a sales pitch; the directors at Finatal have developed, nurtured and promoted exceptionally talented people before in their roles at some of the leading global recruitment firms. So we offer the advice, support and professionalism garnered from many years experience in larger companies and brings it to the exciting setting of a growing business with ambitious, international growth plans. We have got significant investment to help achieve our ambitions and now we need to complement the team with individuals who like the idea of an international business, understand how risk works and how it can ultimately reward them and who have the drive and ambition to be running their own brand within five years. Based in City of London, we are recruiting for our specialist brands within the following sectors: • Energy Markets • Banking • Technology • Interim Management • Brazil market/ Emerging markets Your focus will be to recruit Qualified accountants into the above industries so a genuine interest in one of these is essential. Key responsibilities • Business development to enhance brand awareness • Build strong networks within your markets to build a strong personal reputation • Exceed personal billing targets Your background • Must have at least **** year proven experience in sales • Proven business development experience • Graduate to degree level • Highly ambitious and looking for a career This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorITRecruitmentConsultantEuropeDivisionHOT****Recruitment_job****