Title: Project Office Lead
Webindex: 69669601
Company: Gold Group Limited
Description: My client is looking for a Project Office Lead (PMO Lead) to support the overall delivery and Implementation of a number of critical projects. You will be responsible for successfully supporting a portfolio of technical and business initiatives from conception through delivery. As a PMO Lead, your main responsibilities will be to track progress of all Requests coming into US Department, monitor progress, coordinating delivery dates, and maintaining financial controls and systems including budgeting for all project expenditure. Purpose of Job: To be responsible for the coordinating of parts and resources in support of projects that impact multiple departments, systems or workflows within the organisation. Required to provide support to a portfolio of work, by supporting Project Managers to ensure that all the appropriate controls and management processes are in place and adhered to. Assist the Project Managers in maintaining the Project Delivery Lifecycle and supporting processes, procedures and templates. Experience: Previous experience of working in a IS Project Office Working knowledge of supporting infrastructure and build projects Organised approach and able to work under pressure A proven strong track record in working in a Project Office environment as a PMO Lead. The likely candidate should have the following skills: Thorough knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite, MS Project, MS Visio and MS SharePoint Strong background in project admin support Demonstrable verbal and written communication skills Demonstrable analytical skills It would be desirable if you had and accreditation in, or demonstrable understanding of a recognised project management methodology such as PRINCE**** and AGILE. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK s leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we ve got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. Please be aware that we receive a high volume of applications for every role advertised and regularly receive applications from candidates who exceed the job credentials. We will only contact you within the next 14 days if you are selected for interview.