Title: IT Configuration Consultant Engineer  Rugby
Webindex: 68247231
Company: Kelway  Ltd
Description: 350M IT Solutions Company is recruiting for an IT Configuration Consultant Engineer to join the team at their modern NDC in Rugby. This is a great opportunity for a person with good technical knowledge and experience of IT who will be part of a team that manages the process across VPN Set Ups, Server Build Projects, IT Refresh for both large and small clients. The role involves a mix of client laision, project management and IT configuration, you will have excellent communication skills both written and verbal and a team player. IT Configuration Consultant Engineer Location  Rugby Salary  ****  Benefits Key Skills In depth knowledge of installing Windows Operating Systems (both desktop/laptop server). Break/Fix knowledge of HP/IBM Servers/enclosures. VMware ESXI (****/****) experience Networking and infrastructure experience Competent on Microsoft Word/Excel/Outlook; Experience of imaging tools  Ghost, Acronis, Clonezilla etc Demonstrated attention to detail, time management and organisational skills. Key Responsibilities Liaising with Account managers and Customers to vet new business. Work closely with Config Supervisor to formulate plans for Config work. Take a proactive approach towards new technology. Researching and keeping up to date to ensure the Config dept is forewarned of new technology, before an order hits it. Put processes in place for new business, and communicate to the Config team. Document processes where necessary. Configuration of computer equipment to Customer Specification Ensuring instructions are clear and accurate for engineers to follow. Be instrumental in the Upkeep and updating of Config IT equipment. Liaise with Config Supervisor to communicate project progress, and problems daily. Test and evaluate new types of Config work, and document processes to roll out to Config team. Creating bespoke images for Customers infrastructure requirements. Advising Sales persons and Clients on Configuration capabilities Take an active role in looking at change control, version control and other processes within Configuration