Title: Business Analyst (SC Cleared)
Webindex: 72451601
Company: Spring Technology
Description: Security Cleared Business Analyst/ Infrastructure Business Analyst/ Cloud Business Analyst wanted. Skills needed: cloud solutions, technical infrastructure, UML, sc clearance/ willing and eligible to gain sc clearance. My Milton Keynes based client is looking for a Security Cleared Business Analyst/ Infrastructure Business Analyst/ Cloud Business Analyst. Please note this will be working on an SC cleared site, so all contractors must have clearance prior to starting. The Security Cleared Business Analyst/ Infrastructure Business Analyst/ Cloud Business Analyst role will typically involve:  Specifying how business problems will be solved and will assist the business through the process of customer engagement to delivery of services / product design with the development team.  Identifying Customer requirements for Technical Infrastructure or vmWare solution proposals  To lead robust business analysis to support the design and direction of large scale IT systems.  Working directly with customers, project and service managers, to take ownership of requirements and work package design proposals and to deliver to time and to budget required.  Identify the causes of business problems, internal or customerfocused along with possible options and produce business process flowcharts.  Proactively taking ownership for the management and resolution of particular risks, issues or incidents as required.  Supporting senior management through insightful and accurate tracking of risk, and issues.  Taking ownership for designs, governance mechanisms and other documentation required to support the client and to give direction to colleagues in delivery and support areas.  Work with Commercial Group, Operations and Client Delivery teams to provide design proposals and estimates that accurately meet customer needs.  Clear demonstration of 'Treating Customers Fairly' principles and their inclusion in analysis, design, and initiative progression. Skills needed for the Security Cleared Business Analyst/ Infrastructure Business Analyst/ Cloud Business Analyst role:  Strong technical infrastructure and cloud solution knowledge for effective requirements engineering.  Strong track record of business analysis experience with proven ability to direct and support other analyst resources.  Has excellent presentation skills  this is absolutely essential as we have demanding clients and we need to gain credibility immediately. Needs to be able to present in front of a senior audience with clarity and conviction.  ISEB Diploma in Business Analysis/Systems Development or equivalent.  Strong demonstrable experience of Business Analysis within a multiple project environment.  Strong experience of working within a service oriented or IT system environment.  Excellent communication, influencing and stakeholder management skills. Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/BusinessAnalystSCCleared_job****