Title: Infrastructure Manager  Citrix, Wintel, App Packaging, SCCM, AppV
Webindex: 69039254
Company: Comtecs
Description: Infrastructure Manager  Citrix, Wintel, App Packaging, SCCM, AppV, c****k Infrastructure Manager required to work within a global datacentre environment responsible for the management of the Application Packaging team responsible for BAU support and project work to enhance the core virtualisation technologies with a focus on Application Packaging, Application Sequencing and deployment to the global enterprise with SCCM and AppV The Infrastructure Manager will be responsible for managing a team of Infrastructure Analysts and their core activities: BAU support for the core virtualisation technologies deployed across the enterprise including Citrix Presentation Server/XenApp, XenServer, SCCM, AppV, WISE, .MSI etc with a focus on the packaging and deployment of Windows O/S and numerous applications to desktop environments. You will manage the team on daily basis and provide handson guidance and support for the virtualised infrastructure including monitoring of the Wintel environment, maintenance of a standard desktop PC image to be deployed via SCCM, management of application packaging and sequencing processes for applications published with SCCM and AppV across Europe and further afield. Stakeholder engagement/liaison, senior management reporting and line management will form the daily routine. We are searching for an Infrastructure Manager who can demonstrate substantial, recent, experience working in either a UK or European Wintel Management capacity for a multinational company. You will have been managing a team of infrastructure analysts within a complex multicountry environment, undertaking recruitment, training, appraisals etc; taking ownership of priority incidents; liaising with managers of technical teams; overseeing European focussed projects and critically being a point of escalation for technical, security and compliance issues. Experience of managing a Wintel environment that employs SCCM and AppV (although handson experience is NOT essential) will be required along with some knowledge of ITIL, Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) or other regulatory/compliance and also governance issues being beneficial but not essential. Excellent communication, management and stakeholder engagement (negotiation, project planning, and persuasion) skills are prerequisite. Management and/or Team Leadership experience can be considered for this role providing the you can demonstrate experience of stakeholder engagement and line management responsibilities for a small team. You will have an excellent understanding of political issues within a corporate enduser environment, experience that will ultimately have been gained working in large or multinational, regulated, corporate environment. Working onsite via a consultancy (for one client) is acceptable but via an outsource consultancy with multiple clients will not be appropriate experience for this role. Location is easily commutable from Brighton, East Sussex or Croydon, Surrey. Also from South West London (**** minutes from Victoria or Clapham Junction). This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InfrastructureManagerCitrixWintelAppPackagingSCCMAppV_job****