Title: SAP Security & Authorisation Consultant
Webindex: 68626215
Company: Whitehall Resources Ltd
Description: SAP Security and Authorisations Consultant Whitehall Resources require a SAP Security and Authorisations (S A) Consultant for a range of interesting and dynamic projects. The successful Consultant will be required to perform authorization tasks inherent within the SAP Authorization function, and to ensure alignment of all SAP authorizations activities against our clients' strategic goals and objectives. The ideal consultant with have a minimum of 5 Years SAP Security and Authorisations experience and have been involved in at least **** full life cycle implementations across major SAP projects. Above all we are looking for a Consultant with first class interpersonal skills, someone that is adaptable, willing and able to investigate and learn latest technologies and challenge existing ones. Essential Skills: We are looking to recruit an experienced SAP Authorisation Consultant with relevant experience. This is an excellent opportunity which offers exposure to a number of SAP products running the latest software applications. This role would suit someone with the following skills: . Minimum of 3 years handson SAP Security and Authorisations experience . Handson full life cycle project experience across at least **** major SAP implementations . Proven experience within an ECC**** environment . Good understanding of SAP landscape and architecture. . Practical knowledge of Single Signon (SSO) and Central User Administration (CUA) . SAP Authorisations implementation and support skills across a number of SAP modules eg SAP FI, HR, MM, PS, SD and PM) . Good interpersonal skills with the ability to deal with internal and external customers. . Strong team player, yet capable of working under own initiative Nice to have: . SAP Security and Authorisations Certified or equivalent Key Responsibilities: . Administer and manage user provisioning and authorisations across the SAP technology platforms. . Provide consultation services in terms of Information Security, from an SAP perspective . Maintain access to securable SAP resources. . Troubleshoot and resolve security problems/failures. . To ensure appropriate user and system access within our clients SAP landscapes. . To implement and document measures to safeguard the SAP operating environment against accidental or unauthorized modification, destruction or disclosure. . Administer and manage authorizations with SAP . Log management in accordance to information security and auditory requirements (implementation, monitoring, analysis, and response to anomalies) . Assists with the resolution of negative audit findings reported by internal or external auditors. . Developing and updating access control tables . Setting up user logon ids and assigning/resetting/revoking passwords and access . Adhere to our client's policies, procedures and standards, to ensure consistency in application across the organisation. . Document information security standards and procedures relevant to the SAP environment. . Provide user statistics on respective SAP systems (eg created users, deleted users, locked user, users not logged in 90 days).