Title: NET Web Developer (Gain Dynamics CRM)
Webindex: 64830849
Company: PHMG
Description: Europe’s fastestgrowing media company is looking for a highly experienced and broadly skilled .NET Web Developer, ideally with experience of packaged/inhouse CRM systems, to assist with projects in a businesscritical team. Established in 1998, PH Media Group helps organisations of all sizes to build their brand and communicate key marketing messages over the phone, on the web and on site. We offer a suite of services that includes OnHold Marketing, intelligent InStore Radio and New Media. From two offices in Manchester and central London, we now serve a 9,000strong client portfolio that spans the UK, Ireland and the rest of Europe. In this varied and challenging role, you’ll apply your diverse skillset and work across all phases of a project’s lifecycle, to help us: with the development of internal projects, including key backend systems, websites, intranets and extranets , applying your expertise in databases, .Net, CRM systems, and Windows servers. create and maintain a wide range of sites for our new media clients – including static, contentmanaged, ecommerce and lineofbusiness – using C, ASP.NET, HTML, CSS, SQL, PHP and Flash. You will also have the excellent opportunity to gain Dynamics CRM 2011 experience Responsible to: Head of Development External relationships: Clients Internal relationships: Senior directors, marketing team, production team Salary: circa **** per annum Hours: 8.45am – 5.15pm Location: Old Trafford, Manchester About you: Logical,methodical approach to problemsolving. Able to document and administer critical processes. Strong interpersonal skills – you’re enthusiastic and know how to interact with colleagues or clients. Ability to work under pressure with a constant positive outlook when being faced with complex issues. Required skills: C, ASP.NET,SQL, jQuery, JavaScript, WCF, LINQ, HTML, CSS, IIS **** TFS. Advantageous: CRM Systems, Entity Framework, ASP.NET MVC, PHP, MySQL, HTML5, CSS3, NopCommerce, Sitefinity, ZenCart,Flash. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/NETWebDeveloperGainDynamicsCRM_job****