Title: IT Development Manager (Trading) London **** , ****  bonus
Webindex: 72688489
Company: Ashdown Group
Description: Enterprise Development Manager (C, .Net, WPF WCF, Agile)  Central London  up to **** A leading International commodity trading company with offices in Central London, is seeking an experienced Enterprise Development Manager to take on an influential role within the IT department. To be suitable for this role you must have experience in design and implementation of bespoke software solutions in a large scale trading and risk environment i.e. investment bank or commodities trading. Responsible for the development of bespoke systems to support the companys trading activities, the incumbent will lead a high performance team of talented .NET developers from detailed application design to software delivery. Full line management of the team is required, including the setting of objectives, monitoring performance, recruitment and motivation. Technically the right candidate must be an accomplished developer with a comprehensive knowledge of the Microsoft C Framework **** Windows Presentation Foundation, all key relational databases and Windows Communication Foundation. The department utilise the following technologies and development techniques: Microsoft C Framework **** Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) Relational databases RDBMS Testdriven development Inversion of control Agile Scrum methodology MVVM patterns Knowledge of Team Foundation Server (TFS), Unity, MEF, MSMQ or UML would be advantageous, though not essential to be considered for this role. The core responsibilities of the role will cover every aspect of software development within an enterprise environment. Alongside business analysts and project managers, you will engage with the business to understand and define future requirements. As the Enterprise Development Manager you will consult on potential solutions, providing advice and guidance on often complex issues. Once a solution has been identified you will work alongside the Design Authority to develop and implement a solution in line with the departments development standards. Following production and development the team must then support the testing and maintenance of the inhouse application. This is a permanent opportunity and the client will consider candidates with basic salary expectations between **** per annum. The package includes a substantial bonus opportunity and significant benefits. To apply please send a WORD copy of your CV, including reference: ASH****HWN in the subject line of our email. The Ashdown Group Ltd acts as an employment agency in respect of permanent vacancies and as an employment business in respect of temporary vacancies.