Title: Senior Developer /Architect
Webindex: 68705827
Company: Anonymous
Description: LOCATION: Manchester Office DEPARTMENT: IT BASIC SALARY: **** to **** (dependant on experience) REPORTING TO: Head of IT PRIMARY JOB PURPOSE: This is an exciting opportunity to join an IT services world leader with an enviable business performance and growth record, based in central Manchester. We are seeking a creative and talented developer with a proven analysis ability and genuine customer facing soft skills. Responding to business initiatives you will play a key role recommending and designing secure, scalable, web based, client facing solutions and the global infrastructure platform delivering these solutions to our marketplace. In this design and build role you will be accountable for the solutions proposed and their implementation, working collaboratively with our technical support, security and infrastructure teams as well as sales and services staff, external vendors and partners. Core technologies are ASP.NET, IIS, MS SQL (Sharepoint desirable but not essential) RESPONSIBILITIES: Assisted by our sales, business and IT leaders, develop an in depth understanding of our industry sector and the applications that need to be brought to market rapidly to exploit first mover advantage. Participate in business proposition discussions following through with the design and presentation of technical solutions and workflows, including options, costs, issues and risks to key stakeholders. Return innovative solutions and design proposals that leverage technology to provide competitive advantage, and excellent user experiences. Contribute to the design and delivery of presales tools/templates. Development of a solutions technology roadmap aligned with our IT ecosystem. Play a key role in solutions software and infrastructure vendor selection and management. Contribute to a culture of collaborative partnership between the business stakeholders and the IT function supporting the need to achieve commercial goals. Support of some ad hoc solutions projects is anticipated – we are seeking a broad experience, flexible, utility player who learns extremely quickly. ESSENTIAL SKILLS: Strong stakeholder relationship building skills. Must thrive on working in a fastpaced, deadlineoriented environment, with the a bility to meet aggressive deadlines. TYPE OF EXPERIENCE: A minimum of 34 years of experience designing and implementing enterprise class, very secure, customer facing web based solutions in a private or public cloud space. Solid .NET, MS SQL, IIS, development experience ideally as a senior developer ( Sharepoint would be an advantage). Fully versed in modern technical architecture, core constructs and design practices including functional requirements analysis, technical specifications, implementation plans, deployment guides, acceptance criteria, integration testing , 'user experience' best practices and technical project delivery. Implement robust systems architecture standards and governance. Mentor less experienced technical resources. EDUCATION A university degree in a computing discipline or equivalent. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorDeveloperArchitect_job****