Title: PHP Web Developer  Macclesfield, Cheshire
Webindex: 63858864
Company: Adria Solutions
Description: PHP Web Developer – Macclesfield, Cheshire. Our growing client based in Macclesfield, Cheshire currently requires a Web Developer to join their growing technical and creative team. The company is a fast growing and successful financial organisation who currently outsource the development of their website but are in the process of bringing all development inhouse. Reporting to and working with the company's Head of Website Development the successful candidate will maintain the current website and primarily begin the development of the new website. We are looking for candidates with proven experience and expertise in web development who have worked for at least two years in a web development department or agency and are now looking for an exciting career move with the chance to build a bespoke application using the latest web techniques. The successful candidate will have experience in designing and implementing scalable system architecture from the database layer upwards and a passion for OOP best practices. It's also important that the candidate has experience using one of the following MVC framework's  Symfony**** Zend and version control systems – GIT, SVN. As well as solid database structure and wellwritten code, security is a key factor. You will have had exposure to building robust applications whilst having to safeguard against vulnerabilities such as XSS, CSRF and similar attacks. The ideal candidate must be proactive, always looking for ways to improve or use better existing technologies. You must be uptodate on the latest trends in web development and suggesting ways in which we could incorporate/adapt emerging technologies to enhance their application. Skills and experiences: • Object Oriented PHP ****x / HTML / SQL / Javascript / Linux Administration / jQuery / Ajax • MVC Frameworks – Symfony**** (preferred) / Zend • Version control systems – GIT (preferred) / SVN • Bespoke and open source CMS systems  Wordpress • Knowledge of database architecture and design • Good knowledge of web design and integration including CSS3 and responsive design. • Knowledge of multi variance testing and usability principles. • Excellent communication skills. • A willingness to apply SEO methods • Great attention to detail. Qualiﬁcation • Preferably educated to degree level or equivalent (IT related discipline preferred) • Expertise in web development PHP Web Developer – Macclesfield, Cheshire If you are interested in this position, please send your CV in word format to [contact details removed] or call [contact details removed] for more information. PHP Web Developer – Macclesfield, Cheshire