Title: Portuguese Office Administrator
Webindex: 70625222
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Portuguese Office Administrator: **** Location: Near Gatwick Airport, West Sussex Industry: Airline Support Our client currently based in Crawley / Gatwick, West Sussex is looking for a Fluent Portuguese Speaking Administrator to join and support a management team within the Airline industry. Role You will be responsible for supporting the Administration Supervisor on a day to day basis with all administration duties. You will also be responsible for translating regular reports, formal documents from Portuguese to English and Vice Versa. Your other duties will include:  Supplying secretarial support  Liaising between the various offices across Africa, collating reports etc.  Answering Telephones/Managing Post  Book travel requirements for the management team Candidate We are looking for an organised and personable individual that has some experience in Administration. Ideally you will be fluent in Portuguese or have the ability to understand and speak some Portuguese/Spanish. You must have:  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  The ability to multitask, manage workload and prioritise  The ability to work on own initiative and as part of a team  Excellent computer skills using MS word, PowerPoint, Excel, etc. Hours  Monday Friday N/A with an hour for lunch Salary and benefits  ****  Free onsite parking  **** day holiday plus bank  Bonus scheme incentives Keywords: Portuguese, Spanish, Admin, Administration, Administrator, Supporting Managers, PA, Secretarial Support We will study your CV and compare it against our clients requirements for this role. If your skills and experience match our clients requirements, we will contact you within the next few days. Unfortunately, due to time constraints, we are unable to contact individuals who are unsuccessful to discuss their application. The Recruitment Place is an equal opportunities employer. We observe laws against discrimination and positively promote equal opportunities.