Title: Solution Architect (Design)  Lancashire
Webindex: 71774792
Company: Contracts IT Ltd
Description: Solution Architect (Design)  Lancashire Skills and experiences:  Educated to degree level with industry practitioner qualification (or equivalent) in solution or enterprise architecture (eg TOGAF).  Significant endtoend design experience (spanning people, process and technology) and responsibilities.  Experience across a broad range of relevant technologies with substantial experience of the specific technology area associated with the role being applied for.  Accurately documents solutions and makes complex ideas or proposals easy for others to understand and act on.  Takes responsibility for managing and leading project teams (including suppliers and customers) in design activities following approved processes. Description of work: Architects work on overall business and ICT architecture within a specific business domain. They are accountable and/or responsible for the high level specifications of the solutions we build and the overall effectiveness and efficiency of those solutions. They should provide the architecture and high level solution context within which changes to our facilities, processes, platforms and capabilities are designed by our designers and analysts. This vacancy lies within the applications domain. The postholder will act as lead for mobility and agility. This covers an array of requirements from fieldforce automation, through mobile devices, bringyourowndevice and remote access solutions. Several handheld device projects are already planned and the appointee will need to hit the ground running with these, as well as picking up any new requests that come onboard. Solution Architects have crosscutting responsibility and will be expected to work on projects outside of their core domain as the need arises. The ideal candidate will be capable of working across all stages of the architecture life cycle. Good time management and communication skills are essential. The role involves liaising with customers to elicit requirements, working with technical colleagues from both the operational and design teams and supporting project managers through design, identifying risks and overseeing solution implementation. Public sector experience desirable. Please send your CV to Naheed. Contracts IT acts as an employment agency and employment business. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age and applications from persons of any age will be accepted for this role.