Title: Java Developer HTML, Javascript, CSS, Agile
Webindex: 72373345
Company: TechNET IT Recruitment Limited
Description: My client is seeking an exceptional Java Developer to join there current team of **** as they look to continue their expansion. They work in a Niche sector with their chosen market, and by doing so it provides an exciting yet challenging working atmosphere. With this in mind it will enable you to overcome many problems, and in the long run help you enhance your growth as a developer. You'll also be part of an international crosslocation team, so the job will require some international travel from time to time. Responsibilities Use industry standard programming techniques to translate requirements and designs into code. Design, code and test multiple modules of a system in a timely manner. Implements approved 3rd party solutions into the clients applications with the ability to understand the impact and analyze the risk. Use your knowledge to analyze and solve problems in new and existing systems. Participate in unit, system and acceptance testing by designing tests, building test data, test execution and evaluation. Along with recommending/making improvements/fixes to the tested system. Assists in developing and interpreting requirements, through third line support. Provides workshops, customer trainings and internal trainings. Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a Computer Science related discipline required and skills usually represented by 24 years of software development (but exceptional candidates with less experience will be considered). The vacancy is for a Java developer. The role is technically demanding and solid OO design and Java development skills are essential. Knowledge of most of the following technologies and techniques would be an advantage: Java Web Service development experience Experience developing Rich Internet Applications using JavaScript (specifically, YUI 3), HTML and CSS Spring dependency injection, Spring MVC Hibernate/JPA and MySQL Agile development (SCRUM) experience This is a great opportunity to join a well established and reputable company, who are continually growing year by year.