Title: SAP Financial Management Solution Director / Global Consultancy
Webindex: 69044359
Company: Careerwise UK Limited
Description: SAP Financial Management Solution Director / Global Consultancy  SAP Financials Management Up to ****K base  bonus  benefits (circa ****K package) Various UK Locations Superb opportunity for highly experienced SAP Financial Management Architecture professionals to join a fast paced global IT management consultancy to engage at CXO and board level to promote and deliver innovative SAP Financial Management solutions and consultancy services. With you ideally coming from a consultancy background you will have experience and exposure with the following: End to end solutions shaping around SAP Financial Management Architecture/Solutioning. Exposure to board level client engagement from a consultancy perspective and the ability to communicate at all levels whilst developing and maintaining relationships with existing and potential clients. Strong communication and presentation skills with experience in bid management and business development around SAP Financial Management solutioning. Ability to gather business requirements and translate to winning SAP Financial Management solutions that fit the need of the client. A guru and an evangelist in the SAP Financial Management space with go to market strategies and service offerings. SAP Financial Management best practice advice to clients and an interest in technology market trends. Service delivery excellence  integrity, diversity and respect. Exposure to delivering multi million pound contracts. Multi sector experience delivering SAP Financial Management solutions would be a bonus. Your business acumen will include you being comfortable liaising with senior business heads and have a customer focus dealing with ambiguity, decision quality, methodology approach and life cycle management. You will ideally be a mix of a techie and a strategist, and together with the passion and evangelism of SAP Financial Management Solutions your career will soar to the next level with this opportunity. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/SAPFinancialManagementSolutionDirectorGlobalConsultancy_job****