Title: Microsoft Dynamics CRM Sharepoint Consultant  London
Webindex: 71685412
Company: Attain Recruitment Ltd.
Description: Attain Recruitment are recruiting for a Dynamics CRM Sharepoint consultant for an award winning Microsoft Gold Partner and consultancy in central London. This organisation will provide fantastic career progression and investment for the right people. We are ideally looking for immediate starters or people that can start in the new year. CRM/Sharepoint Consultant will be responsible for internal and external project delivery and will be utilising mainly but not exclusively Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011 and SharePoint 2010. The role will initially encompass gathering of high level requirements which upon a successful bid will lead to detailed analysis workshop, culminating in a collaborative design with a team of developers. After design stage completion, the role will encompass but is not limited to working with project managers and other consultants to deliver CRM SharePoint Professional Service projects. The CRM/Sharepoint Consultant will regularly attend client sites to understand, analyse and document requirements, configuring the solution based on requirements and most importantly acting as a technical bridge between the client and the development team. Key Skills experience: Excellent interpersonal skills Excellent communication and time management skills Experience working with and/or managing waterfall and agile projects: 5 years Experience with full lifecycle Microsoft CRM and SharePoint implementations in a customer facing role: 5 years Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011 and CRM **** (Configuration, Customisation, Workflows, Jscript, Reporting): 3  years Microsoft SharePoint Foundation, 2010, WSS 3.0, MOSS (UI Customisation Design NOT Development): 1 years Relational database design: 3 years It is critical that you have strong customer facing experience and good communication skills. Please email your CV to Giles at Attain Recruitment. Happy to have an initial informal discussion.