Title: Data Centre Services Technical Specialist (Monitoring and Automation)
Webindex: 69018849
Company: SCC
Description: Compelling reason to apply: We have a new exciting opportunity for a Data Centre Services Technical Specialist (Monitoring and Automation) within our ever expanding business. This is a fantastic opportunity for the right candidate to work within Europe s largest privately owned IT group. SCC is the fastest growing division of Specialist Computer Holdings Europe s largest independent IT services group. We supply computer hardware and services to small/medium sized commercial organisations, nationwide. As a company with a rich track record of delivering flexible and cost effective managed services, working with both private and public sector clients, this position is suited to an already successful consultant who wants to be part of a vibrant and progressive business. Are you looking for  a secure and stable career with longevity, recognition and opportunity? As Europe s leading privately owned technology solutions provider, we can offer you exactly that. Our people are passionate, focussed, driven, determined, flexible and motivated and are richly rewarded for their commitment. If this sounds like what you re looking for, then we look forward to meeting you. Main Duties: Providing proactive management of Data Centre infrastructure platforms, support project work and providing support for all Data Centre clients with emphasis on monitoring and automation technologies. This role will also involve managing a small team of Monitoring specialists. Technical Architecture 40% (e.g. reviewing toolsets, engaging with solution  service architects) Technical Support 30% (e.g. responding to incidents, implementing change controls) Team management 1****% (e.g. management of team members) Technology/Solution management 10% (e.g. ongoing technical awareness  accreditation) Administration 5% (e.g. maintenance of documentation and processes) Skills, Knowledge & Experience: Essential The applicant must have 5  10 years experience of providing technical architecture and support to enterprise clients. Specialising in the monitoring and automation arena the individual will require architecture design, implementation and troubleshooting skills in enterprise monitoring products and complimentary products. The applicant must also have experience of capacity management. Core Skills will include: Windows 2003 /**** Server. Specialist in SCOM Skills in Stablenet Strong awareness of other Enterprise monitoring tools, HP Openview, Xymon Desirable  Virtualisation technologies, e.g. VMware, HyperV Experience of other System Centre technologies, e.g. SCCM, SCVMM