Title: QA Automation Developer
Webindex: 72127493
Company: ReThink Recruitment
Description: Job Description: QA Automation Developer Division: Reporting To: QA Manager Location: THE POSITION This company needs a talented, QA Automation Developer to join the QA team. The successful candidate will be a C programmer and have a background in developing and implementing high quality automation solutions that increase quality. The QA Automation Developer will be responsible for developing and executing automated tests and will contribute significantly to the quality of the digital websites Immediate Media publishes. MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES You will be responsible for establishing the right processes and best practices for automated testing, as well as identifying risks and ensuring high test coverage for each software release. You will work closely with crossfunctional teams to improve quality, processes, identify bugs and defects to deliver worldclass websites. The role of the QA Automation Developer requires that you: ?Work within an agile environment ?Analyse test automation requirements with crossfunctional teams ?Write the test automation strategy ?Write and maintain automated test plans ?Write formal test cases and scripts in accordance to test plans, test cases and specification ?Execute functional, user acceptance tests and regression tests to achieve high quality releases ?Identify potential problems and communicate risks with stakeholders ?Communicate bugs via a defect tracking tool and manage issues until they are resolved ?Write Quality Assurance reports summarising testing activities ?Contribute to the continuous improvement of the QA test strategy and processes ?Keep informed of industry developments, skills and technologies KNOWLEDGE EXPERIENCE You are expected to be analytical, your superior technical skills solve complex problems. You have a comprehensive understanding of automated frameworks, have had exposure to a range of automated tools and you excel at creating high quality automated tests that increase test coverage. You have substantial experience working within an agile environment, you work and communicate effectively with people at all levels, and you are confident mentoring and training manual testers to understand web test automation. This role requires that you have: ?Significant related work experience in Quality Assurance ?A comprehensive understanding of Automation Methodologies ?Ability to design automated test solutions for large scale publishing and commerce platforms ?Experience of developing automation tests for at least one commercial application or website ?Significant experience writing automated test scripts ?Extensive experience writing user stories and user acceptance tests ?Extensive experience automating cross browser tests across multiple platforms (e.g. PC/Mac) ?Experience with Source Code Control, Continuous Integration and Defect Tracking Tools ?Significant experience with .Net, C and Visual Studio ?Experience using Automation Testing Tools (e.g. Selenium WebDriver) ?A comprehensive and practical understanding of Behaviour Driven Development (e.g. Specflow) ?Ability to mentor, train and support other QA team members in web test automation DESIRED ?API Testing (e.g. SoapUI Pro) ?Security Testing (e.g. Websecurify) ?Load Performance Testing (e.g. JMeter) ?Security Testing (e.g. Websecurify) ?Session Based Testing (e.g. Bonfire) ?VMware We are acting as an Employment Agency This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/QAAutomationDeveloper_job****