Title: IT Recruitment Consultant  London  Spring Technology
Webindex: 71675565
Company: Spring Technology
Description: Are you an experienced sales person looking for a new opportunity with an established brand name? Spring Technology is one of the UKs most recognisable technology recruitment consultancies. With over 20 years' experience, we place over **** people in contract roles and permanent jobs annually, supporting over **** clients. We also benefit from being part of the Adecco Group, which is the largest recruitment organisation in the UK. Due to considerable growth and increased demand from our client base, a new position has materialised on our highly profitable London office. This team recruit into a number of vertical markets and specialisms. The current opportunity is available at Consultant level and we are seeking an experienced and motivated sales professional to compliment and work in close conjunction with the current team, in order to expand our existing proposition. The ideal candidate will already have a proven track record of success within professional services recruitment or a credible background within a commercial sales role. A passion for the I.T sector being of paramount importance along with being extremely driven, target driven and motivated by hitting exceeding targets. If this is of interest, please apply ASAP as interviews are currently taking place. The Adecco Group is an equal opportunities employer and positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. Please note that due to the high volume of applications received it will only be possible for us to contact those applicants who have been successful. We would like to take the opportunity to wish you the best of luck in your job search. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ITRecruitmentConsultantLondonSpringTechnology_job****