Title: Infrastructure Apprentice  IT Systems and Networking
Webindex: 71199964
Company: QA Ltd 
Description: Company Overview To provide technical support to IT Users aligned to all Operating Units aligned to the SSC (CUK, CIL, Seven, and MESA) with specific focus to the Beauty Operating unit to ensure the best possible user experience. Working as part of the wider infrastructure team to provide IT services from the Shared Services Centre including hands on support, delivery and setup of hardware (PC, telephony etc) and general IT maintenance tasks. Provides IT infrastructure support Through a basic understanding and overview of IT systems, has the ability to assist users and service partners locally to resolve issues with minimal impact. Has keen interest in IT and home computing. Has basic knowledge of the Microsoft Windows environment to assist the support technician with services to the business in the local Operating Units, additional UK based Operating Units international markets. Provides out of hours support (where appropriate) Within the remit of the Shared Service Centre, is available for out of hours cover to enable continuity of key business services outside of UK office hours. Organisational Management Manages own time to ensure that priority issues are dealt with, alongside day to day activities. Where required, liaises with service partners, infrastructure manager stakeholders to ensure any incidents are resolved, communicated appropriately reviewed for learning s. Service partner liaison Works with service partners to resolve issues and minimize impact to the local business OU. Escalates issues as appropriate and liaises with partners to a satisfactory conclusion Special Requirements Driving License (Full) Technical/Professional/Educational Experience: The ability to work alongside all levels of management. Approachable and excellent interpersonal skills Good problem solving skills Strong communication skills to nonIT staff Keen to learn and motivated towards personal development. Personal attributes : Curious, Decisive, Skilled Influencer, Collaborative, Credible, Courage to challenge, Role model, Confident, Passionate, Positive, Approachable, Flexible, Reliable, Sensitive, Forward thinking, Intuitive, Good judgement, Stamina, Resilience and Results focused. Qualifications Required:You must have at least **** G.C.S.E Grades (C and above) or equivalent, Maths and English is a must.