Title: Project Manager  CGI
Webindex: 72229811
Company: Gold Group Ltd.
Description: Do you want to work on fantastic integrated creative productions for an industry leading organisation that provides multiplatform solutions for the advertising and interactive industries? Due to expansion, they are seeking an experienced project manager with experience in CGI production for print and moving image in addition to some production and post production experience for liveaction, photographic and print. This role requires an outstanding organiser with an eye for detail, and a great communicator that wants to join a creative work environment with good long term prospects. Core duties / Skills: Coordination and control of multimedia advertising productions from bid estimating, planning, scheduling of resources, managing the team and liaising with the client throughout the process. The role requires a highly motivated and organised multitasker, committed to delivering projects on time and in budget, ensuring clear and concise briefs are collated and communicated. Excellent leadership, communication and relationship building skills are key in order to build strong relationships with all involved. Work handson with the team on large scale productions, assisting in the management of largescale productions, setting up and managing schedules and deliverables. Improving production processes and documentation to aid Production, 3D and ****D departments It is likely that you will have 3 years  experience in CGI production/project management for moving image and/or print, ideally with additional experience in liveaction, photographic and print production. In return there is the opportunity to work on a wide variety of fantastic projects, with a friendly, talented and highly committed team. This company offers great development prospects and a salary to c.****K dependant on experience. If this sounds like the sort of role for you, and you have the relevant experience, please apply today. This advert was posted by Gold Group  one of the UK's leading niche recruitment consultancies. We span a variety of specialist industries and are the recruitment company to help you find your next career opportunity. We pride ourselves on our commitment to candidates and stick to our ethos of finding the right role for the right person. Visit our website or get in touch today to discuss this role, find out what else we've got or just for a chat about the state of your industry. Services advertised by Gold Group are those of an Agency and/or an Employment Business. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/ProjectManagerCGI_job****