Title: Apprentice Web developer/Copy Writer/Blogger
Webindex: 69552568
Company: Baltic Training Services
Description: This is a government funded apprenticeship, therefore anyone with a level 4 qualification or above will be ineligible for the funding. To support the Search Engine Optimisation and Web Development team with copy writing for new and existing websites. You will also be writing articles and contributing to new and existing blogs. Full training will be provided on using different blog platforms and essential SEO techniques. This role is ideal for an individual wanting to utilise their creative writing skills by contributing to the ever growing content online. As well as learning to develop a variety of web platforms mainly using SQL. Actively seeking for a different variety of websites and blogs to contribute to means that the individual will be able to apply different styles of writing to their articles. As Google is constantly adjusting its algorithm to produce high quality search results, the demand for creative and professional writers is increasing and will continue to increase in the SEO industry. This role is a great opportunity to begin a career in SEO copy writing, online journalism or blogging as well as web design and development. You must have Excellent creative writing skills as well as a good standard of education in English Literature and Language. An A Level in one of these subjects is preferred however as a minimum you will have GCSE A Grades in both Literature and Language. Training to be Provided: Ongoing training is provided by Baltic Training Services:  Level 3 Diploma in Software Development  Level 3 Advanced Diploma in Systems and Principles  Level 2 key skills (Literacy and Numeracy)  CISCO IT Essentials  MTA (Microsoft Technical Associate certification) For the candidates with the greatest ability and aspirations CompTIA A and MCTS (Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist) may also be offered. Essential: Maths and English at GCSE grade AC (or equivalent). Apprenticeships are funded for **** – **** year olds in England but are open to applicants of all ages