Title: FO ETrading Application Support, Learn ION Marketview
Webindex: 68628805
Company: Aston Carter
Description: My client is a hugely successful Investment Bank who posted record profits in ****012 due to exceptional performance across the business. The Fixed Income ETrading Support team require a technical support analyst with a solid knowledge of Rates and Credit as well as an excellent understanding of Unix/Linux systems, SQL and ETrading Applications. The successful candidate will be given the opportunity to become a subject matter expert on the ION platform, learning and extremely valuable skill and working in a small team and directly with the business. You will be part of a 2 man ION Marketview support team, working alongside the ION SME with a view to bringing you up to the same standard. While indepth ION experience is not a prerequisite, you must be familiar with the platform and display the aptitude to rapidly pick up the necessary knowledge. Your CV must show evidence of ALL of the following: Excellent knowledge of Unix commands and navigating the Linux environment Strong knowledge of SQL and writing basic queries Knowledge of Bloomberg with exposure to Bloomberg TOMS Knowledge of Fixed Income securities including Pricing (Bonds, Swaps, etc.) Although there is a certain degree of flexibility in some specific requirements, a strong combination of both technical skills and Fixed Income business knowledge is necessary. If you would be interested in applying please send across a copy of your CV for more information. Your details will not be sent anywhere prior to a brief on the specific client and discussion with you so feel free to get in touch in complete confidence. ION Marketview, Bloomberg, Rates, Credit, Bonds, Application Support, Unix, Linux, SQL, electronic trading, etrading, Fixed Income, Bank, London, Front Office Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice.