Title: Ecommerce Business Analyst  Retail background
Webindex: 71306012
Company: Informatiq Consulting
Description: Ecommerce Business Analyst  Retail background Location  London / Manchester / Birmingham – (any UK based, but must be prepared to travel) Up to ****  benefits Ecommerce Business Analyst  Retail background Would you like to be surrounded by innovative, highly motivated, inspiring individuals? Ecommerce Business Analyst  Retail background  A world leader in IT Services and Consultancy is in urgent need of a dynamic, productive and highly talented Business Analyst to join their continuously expanding team. Successful applicants will be involved in the process of Business Change in the area of ecommerce, assessing what changes need to take place within market leading companies for advanced commerce solutions. They will assess the impact these changes have upon the business by analysing, documenting and proposing solutions for large and complex business areas, preparing functional specifications and assisting in the preparation of user and system test plans. By nature of this business you will be expected to be able to communicate comfortably and effectively with all levels of the company, as well as maintain successful relationships with a multiplicity of clients. A good understanding of eCommerce best practice is essential, which you should be able to ultilise to produce a viable set of business requirements. In depth experience of establishing and documenting business orientated requirements is also essential as well as experience creating and maintaining standard requirements. You will be expected to ensure all requirements are clearly documented, uniquely identified, consistent, testable and maintain bidirectional traceability. Preferably, you will be a Subject Matter Expert in the Smarter Commerce and Retail processes however, this is not imperative. You will need to be able to make accurate assessments of situations and be able to take appropriate action under pressure, utilising strong organisational and management skills. Your role within this company would be pivotal in making this globally influential company’s initiatives’ a success. If you truly believe that you have the ambition, drive and relevant skills to perform to the highest level in this opportunity, please call **** or email your CV to Rob_Tinformatiq.co.uk for further information. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/EcommerceBusinessAnalystRetailbackground_job****