Title: Cisco Networks and Linux Consultant  VPN, Redhat, Linux Admin
Webindex: 67904590
Company: Xperian Recruitment Limited
Description: Job Title: Networks and Linux Consultant Cisco, VPN, Redhat, Unix Admin Skills: Network Consultant, Linux Administration, Cisco switches, trunking and interconnections, IPSEC VPNs, Cisco ASA/PIX firewalls, TCP/IP, Redhat / Redhat enterprise Linux Location: City, London Due to increased growth and success of the company, a new position for an experienced Technical Consultant with strong technical ability in Cisco Networking and Linux server administration is required. Also it is essential to have solid customer facing skills  for an operational role involving client consultancy services, design, and ongoing administration for our major managedservice clients. The technical skills required on the Linux side, are ideally Redhat / Redhat enterprise Linux (or clones: e.g. Centos, Oracle Enterprise Linux) working as the main trouble shooter/systems administrator on any kind of Linux or Unix servers. Solid evidence of them having built servers, writing shell scripts, doing Systems Administration activities. On the network side a good levels of Cisco switching and routing experience, but also having used ASA firewalls and VPNs. Company: Wellestablished global IT Services organisation, with nearly **** employees working across various UK/European development centres and further offices in the US. Delivering its services to a number of global corporate brand names from the banking, financial services, telecommunications, media, sports, entertainment and professional services sectors. They are able to offer a blend of onshore consultancy, project management and nearshore IT service delivery. Providing design, implement and manage secure, highvolume, businesscritical systems and digital services for their clients. Excellent benefits package available including Pension, Bonuses, Life, Medical and Individual Training programmes Role: Network and Linux infrastructure administration for deployed client infrastructures. Support escalations as part of delivering infrastructure managed services to clients Technical consultancy, both presales and infrastructure project delivery. Design elaboration and project scoping. Service transition and change activities Skills and Experience Required: The Technical Consultant will have advanced technical skills in Cisco and Linux administration. You will have a strong track record of projects, client interaction and infrastructure support, using these technologies. Technical skills: Good understanding of the challenges of designing and building fault tolerant, resilient infrastructure including a good degree of practical experience in TCP/IP theory Network topology design ability, incorporating knowledge of good firewalllevel security practices Practical knowledge of advanced uses of Cisco IOS routers Product evaluation and the ability to spot new and upcoming technology that could be beneficial to our customers Practical knowledge of Cisco switches including trunking and interconnections, IPSEC VPNs, Cisco ASA/PIX firewalls (ideally IPS modules) Remuneration for the Networks and Linux Consultant: Salary: ****  ****  Bonuses  Pension  Life/Medical Start: ASAP Skills: City, London, Network Consultant, Linux Administration, Cisco switches, trunking and interconnections, IPSEC VPNs, Cisco ASA/PIX firewalls, TCP/IP, Redhat / Redhat enterprise Linux