Title: Software Project Manger
Webindex: 71951938
Company: WHD Consulting ltd
Description: This role will be to provide Project Management support across a range of internal and external technical Set Top Box projects within our clients R&D organisation. Projects will be centred around middleware development, delivery of Fusion to new and existing digital broadcasting customers, process improvement, change request management and project office tasks for the worldwide Fusion community. As part of the Fusion Product Team the selected candidate will have responsibility for scheduling, progress updates, quality, delivery management, task and resource assignment and defect tracking. In addition the candidate will monitor and drive project progress whilst providing a communication bridge between Development/Integration and the our clients Fusion Programme Team. We are seeking Software Project Manager with handson experience, ideally with: Embedded software development/delivery projects, including: Middleware. Applications, including EPG and Interactive. Web based products (Java, Flash, HTML) Proven trackrecord of successfully delivering technical projects and office management. Experience of process improvement and definition in large organisations. Excellent interfacing skills, including presentation and negotiation. Candidates from other industry backgrounds who can show a proven track record of delivering technical solutions will also be considered Main Duties To take ownership of development projects and deliver integrated software to outcients other organisations. Management and collation of software development/integration tasks and estimates. Monitor and maintain project progress, whilst identifying and driving fast resolution to issues Manage technical 3rd party relationships and project dependencies Ensure common working procedures and practices are followed across sites. Assist with the definition and improvement of ourclients processes across the Fusion projects. Ensure our development meets the customer requirements Liaise with our clients internal departments, in particular architects, development and integration teams on a global basis as required to ensure that projects are delivered on time, to the expected level of quality and in budget. Organise and schedule software engineering and test resource across ourclients sites. Organise and manage project planning meetings Defect and enhancement review and allocation across our clients sites. Provide project status, issue reports and quality metrics Take responsibility for the department communication sites and maintain the integrity of data on them. (e.g. Sharepoint) Liaise with the our clients Programme team for the purpose of advanced project planning, forthcoming customer commitments and other new requirements. Encourage a good working relationship across the global development sites. Prepared to occasionally travel overseas for short periods of time. Technical Skills Proven external and internal communicator, both orally and written. Highly computer literate  skilled in the use of all Microsoft Office tools including Microsoft Project, Excel, Power Point, Access. Experience in using defect management systems and configuration management systems. Web based communication such as Sharepoint Logical and methodical approach to problem solving Established Software Project Management. Must understand the structure of a software development project and be able to break down a project into tasks. Understanding or experience of Agile/iterative development an advantage. Must be able to negotiate resource, track progress and identify and resolve issues, risks and conflicts. Technical experience of system software development is essential, preferably within the digital TV industry. Project ownership: Individually must display the tenacity to take ownership of work and drive the work to completion. Please send your Cv fora immediate eview and consideration.