Title: Net Design Engineer
Webindex: 68014648
Company: Brightwater Group
Description: The Company Our client is one of the largest and most respected Software Centres in Belfast, developing and maintaining a comprehensive suite of global applications for the financial services industry. With a reputation for providing some of the best handson training and career progression opportunities in the local IT community the organisation is now ready to begin the next phase of growth and is looking for a number of ICT professionals across various disciplines. There is currently demand for a number of experienced .Net Developers to join one of the most dynamic and diverse teams within the Belfast operation. There are several largescale new projects released recently offering a great opportunity to work on leading edge financial products. The Role This positions sit within a new business area and concernsthe development, enhancement and operation of complex rates and pricing applications to be used throughoutthe organisation on a global level. It is an opportunity to join a team working in a broad mix of technologies and to work with some ofthe most cuttingedge applications and solutions outthere. Key responsibilities are as follows:  Development of a range of applications to be rolled out globally  Working as part of a structured development team where allmembers are encouraged to put forward ideas  Requirements analysis and capture, working with other teams to define solutions The Person We are keen to speak to careerminded software professionals with knowledge and experience ofthe following:  C (****), WPF, WCF, Winforms experience  Familiarity withtheAgile developmentmethodology (test driven development, continuous integration etc)  Working knowledge of relational databases  Strong team working skills You will need to have a real focus on developing your career and gaining experience in a lively and dynamic environment and also to use your experience to date and building on this withtheaddition of new tools in your skill set. The Rewards As well as a leading basic salary the successful applicants will also enjoy a full and comprehensive company flexible benefits package including private medical, pension and child care vouchers. With this role also comes the opportunity to gain a wide range of experience with cutting edge tools and work in a lively and fastpaced environment with real opportunity for career and personal development. For more information please contact Paul Wright on **** **** **** or send an updated CV via the link below.