Title: SENIOR NET DEVELOPER  Not for Profit Company  Docklands, ****K
Webindex: 72161244
Company: Randstad Technologies
Description: SENIOR .NET DEVELOPER  Not for Profit Organisation  Docklands, ****K; This is a great opportunity for a SENIOR .NET DEVELOPER to join a leading NotforProfit organisation. Based in the DOCKLANDS, this role offers a salary of ****  **** plus noncontributory pension scheme, medical insurance, life insurance, dental cover, etc. The company The company helps mediate disputes between consumers and UK based financial services organisations. They operate a collaborative environment where people support each other and contribute to each other's success and were awarded 'the best companies' accreditation in 2012. Over the last 10 years they have been growing rapidly and are continuously looking to expand their IT team to support the applications that are critical to the services they provide. The role Working within an agile environment, the development team is responsible for building and maintaining a highly scalable case management platform, refactoring to design patterns, practicing continuous delivery and delivering strong user experience. They use various solutions, including optical character recognition for automating processes and integrating with IP telephony systems. Some of their key technologies include: WPF, CSLA, WF**** Castle Windsor and NHibernate. As a Senior .NET Developer you will take a key role in the development of features for their casehandling system and ensure that they perform reliably and efficiently. You will create technical design solutions collaboratively and take a lead role on a number of smaller projects. As a Senior .NET Developer you will also enable continuous delivery by developing and maintaining automated tests and automated deployment tools and scripts for the developed products. If you come from a solid C .NET development background with experience delivering large software projects, this role is an excellent opportunity to develop your career, working on the latest technologies within an organisation which plays a critical role in society. Key skills/experience required :  Indepth knowledge of C and CLR;  Broad understanding of the .NET runtime libraries;  Object Oriented Design, patterns and principles;  Automated testing and development using BDD and TDD;  Relational database design, SQL (preferably Oracle and/or SQL Server);  Experience working as part of an agile development team. Are you interested in finding out more about this Senior .NET Developer opportunity? Please apply ASAP with an uptodate CV for immediate review or call me for a confidential discussion. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations **** when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.