Title: Software Manager / EBusiness Suite Lead
Webindex: 69669677
Company: Jenrick IT Limited
Description: Global Publishing company are seeking an experienced Software Manager who will be responsible for a team of 1520 Software Engineers, that focus on the area of packaged applications (EBusiness Suite, Siebel, Delta, Real Alliant). This is a permanent opportunity offering a competitive salary between ****  ****K depending upon experience. Also on offer is a comprehensive benefits package, which includes 25 days annual leave, Pension, Life Assurance, Health Insurance and many more. OVERVIEW OF THE ROLE  In this role you will manage daily activities of technical staff responsible for maintaining existing software, developing new applications, designing technical solutions and improving the quality of the software development process. You will also  Assign personnel to various projects and direct activities. Define standards and best Practices across area of responsibility. Review and evaluate work and prepare performance reports. Confer with and advise subordinates on administrative policies and procedures, technical problems, priorities and methods. Prepare activity and progress reports, regarding the activities of the software engineering area. Review and implements enhancements to systems and procedures. Recruitment of new staff and contractors. REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE We are looking for an individual with a solid hands on technical background, within EBusiness or Siebel, that has moved into Management and has proven experience of managing teams in excess of **** people. You will be responsible for 1520 people in this role. We do require someone that is a mix of both hands on technical, with leadership and not someone that sways more to managerial than technical and vice versa. You will also have  Full understanding of the development lifecycle including design, coding, testing and delivery both Agile and Waterfall. Experience of development, particularly around Business Intelligence, SOA and ODI. Good working knowledge of Quality Assurance and integration methodologies. Broad knowledge of package based software products, related technologies, processes and challenges. Ideal background would be with one of the following  Oracle E Business Suite Oracle Siebel REAL Alliant Oracle Hyperion Solid understanding of development and maintenance processes, especially potential uses of technology and processes to improve software delivery reliability and quality. Working with onsite, nearshore and offshore developers and partners, influencing the quality of deliverables. Actively working to correctly assign internal and external resources. Manage a team of 1520 people across disparate technologies and geographies, contributing to multiple projects. This is an exciting role, working for an organisation going through a global business transformation. There is huge scope to progress with the company and expand your career. If you have the suitable skills and experience for this role, please call Alex on **** **** or email your details to alex.duffyjenrick.co.uk