Title: SAP Technical ManagerCoventryUp to ****k
Webindex: 68832334
Description: SAP Technical Manager East Midlands Up to ****k Permanent FTSE 100 SAP Technical Manager / SAP Operations Manager / Technical Manager / Operations Manager / SAP Manager / CRM / SAP R**** / SAP SDM / ERP My Client are urgently looking for a SAP Technical Manager to join a leading FTSE 100 Business currently under going significant growth in there IT division. Having recently implemented a new SAP Centre of Excellence and with continued growth my client can offer you the very best opportunities to work with the latest and greatest technologies in the market. The Job: To manage the strategic development of the SAP Technical Team s capabilities and service offerings to meet business needs To manage the provision of a set of technical services that enables the SAP Solution to be operated effectively To manage the provision of services to support the further exploitation of SAP delivering both continuous improvement and further business transformation Key Accountabilities: Grows the capability of the SAP Application to fulfil this strategy and meet future business needs. Leads the development of relationships inside and outside of the business in order to deliver the agreed strategy. Manages the SAP Technical Team s own continuous improvement agenda to increase responsiveness to business needs. Manages quality of project work and application support to agreed SLA s. Provide leadership to the technical support team regarding SAP support and development best practice along with ensuring skills development. Takes overall responsibility for the management and direction of SAP Technical Team s services. Acts as head of resolution group for production SAP Technical problems, ensuring production application support is available. Ensures production support available for SAP solution. Facilitates provision of estimates for project work. Sustains quality of project work and service provision to agreed SLA s. Develops the operational strategy for the SAP Technical Team, in consultation with Executives and other key stakeholders, modifying services accordingly. Skills Required: Business experience in consultancy or client side capacity Experience of SAP R/**** implementations in at least one bluechip company Indepth knowledge of core requirements to setup & maintain SAP environment IS management experience gained from managing a technical support team Sound understanding of applications, application interfacing and architectural models Excellent knowledge of Integrated ERP solutions Good knowledge of CRM and SDM solutions This is a fantastic opportunity to leading innovative organisation who are heavily invested in growing and consolidating there IT systems. To be considered please send your most up to date CV asap to Click here to contact this recruiter or by clicking the button below. The role is commutable from most areas close to Coventry  East and West Midlands. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy