Title: Senior Java Software Engineer  Global Software Co
Webindex: 68696600
Company: Spring Technology
Description: Senior Java Software Engineer  Global Software Solutions Provider Opportunity available to join the Product Development team of a Global software business, based in their South Manchester Headquarters. The company are hugely profitable and develop a portfolio of solutions to specific market sectors. Current projects include the development of a J****EE web client application and a Java Server application. As a Senior Java Software Engineer, your responsibilities will include : ? The analysis, design, develompent, test and documentation of software solutions ? Planning, monitoring and supervision of tasks, projects and resources delegated by the team leader ? Controlling of configuration management on large projects ? Review of software changes made by junior team members ? Take on the role of Lead Developer on certain projects, providing and reviewing work estimates and tracking changes against these estimates The ideal candidate will have : ? Full development lifecycle experience including design, development, testing, deployment and support ? The ability to make decisions on software solutions to improve performance and maintainability ? Experience leading small projects/developments ? Experience of formal design techniques including Object Orientated Analysis and Design, Tiered Architectures and Design Patterns. ? An understanding of networking /distributed computing environment concepts in a real time environment. Methodologies/Tools/Platforms: Java, Web Services (XML / SOAP), XML, Windows, UNIX (Solaris/AIX/HP, Shell Scripts), Source Control Tools (Subversion, CVS), Issue Management Tools (e.g. Redmine), Unit Testing (jUnit) Package Details: Salary to **** Flexitime, 25 days holiday, Company Matched Pension Scheme, Life Assurance, Parking Please send your CV for immediate consideration to louise_seddon (at) spring.com Spring Technology is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy. Spring Technology is an Equal Opportunities employer; we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorJavaSoftwareEngineerGlobalSoftwareCo_job****