Title: Telephony Developer
Webindex: 71306219
Company: Exposed Solutions
Description: Exposed Solutions are Recruiting on behalf of their client; a market leader in delivering secure voice transaction solutions to call centres and other telephone payment channels across the globe. The expanding market and continuous innovation has created a new senior opportunity within our product development team, based at their head office in Guildford, Surrey. Our Client is a wellfunded organisation with aggressive growth plans. You will be joining Them as the company expands into a mediumsized business over the next ****2 months. This is a fabulous opportunity to 'get in early' and you can expect to influence our technical direction, whilst delivering business solutions to some of the world's major retail and call centre organisations. Who Are We Looking For? Telephony Developer; We are looking for an accomplished technologist with a strong emphasis in telephony design and development. You will have a passion for your chosen specialist areas, and be actively striving to improve your skills, both at work and in your personal interests. You will thrive in a demanding technical environment that offers challenging and rewarding development work. You will feel a sense of satisfaction in getting the job done and delivering client value. You already are, or looking to become, an expert developer in delivering telephony solutions and build on your existing skills in many of the dominant technologies found in industry today. Moreover, you will understand the importance of being flexible in your work and embrace our 'work hard, play hard' mantra. Responsibilities As a developer you be responsible for the technical delivery of (as well as enhancements to) our clients core product offering. You will be quick to grasp the business concepts and functional design of the product and will therefore participate in all stages of the development lifecycle, including requirements gathering, functional and technical designs, as well as programming and testing. You will be comfortable in a clientfacing role as and when the need arises. Finally, you and the rest of the team will offer second line assistance to the client support team, and in so doing, resolve client reported issues in a responsive and timely manner. Skills Experience We are seeking an experienced telephony developer of five years or more. The specific technical expertise required covers the following areas: 5 years of C/Linux (kernel network development; security; administration) development Demonstrable experience of developing carrier grade solutions (tier 1 robustness, scalability resilience) SIP (RFC**** SIP INFO) oSignalling Media Path manipulation oRTP Asterisk, Freeswitch or Equivalent Kamailio/OpenSer Netfilter/iptables IP networking Switch Configuration Any experience in the following is highly desirable: Development to PCI DSS standards Development in an agile environment IVR development SIP Express Media Server What We Can Offer Competitive salary Bonus scheme Up to 5% employer's pension contribution (if matched by employee) 25 days annual holiday Kamailio, C, Linux, SIP, RFC**** RTP,Asterisk, Freeswitch, Netfilters, OpenSer,Iptables, PCI, DSS Kamailio, C, Linux, SIP, RFC**** RTP,Asterisk, Freeswitch, Netfilters, OpenSer,Iptables, PCI, DSS Kamailio, C, Linux, SIP, RFC**** RTP,Asterisk, Freeswitch, Netfilters, OpenSer,Iptables, PCI, DSS Kamailio, C, Linux, SIP, RFC**** RTP,Asterisk, Freeswitch, Netfilters, OpenSer,Iptables, PCI, DSS Kamailio, C, Linux, SIP, RFC**** RTP,Asterisk, Freeswitch, Netfilters, OpenSer,Iptables, PCI, DSS ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE FREE TO WORK IN THE UK FREE FROM THE RESTRICTIONS OF VISA'S AND WORK PERMITS. Exposed Solutions is acting as an employment agency to this client. Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TelephonyDeveloper_job****