Title: Network Engineer  Education Sector
Webindex: 68702110
Company: Enjoy Recruitment Group
Description: Network Engineer  Education Sector Job Title: Network Engineer Location: Leatherhead Salary: **** **** Job type: Permanent Job Description Accountable to: Team Leader and Technical Manager Accountable for: The effective delivery of ICT engineering support services and contracts concerned with ICT engineering support. Job Purpose To provide ICT Support for both Hardware and Software, to provide a high quality standard of service and fulfil the service in accordance to the ICT SLA. Key Accountabilities and Responsibilities: Maintain a high level of trust, development and sustain effective relationships within schools in Surrey and outside, including head teachers, network managers, admin and teaching staff. Keep in constant communication from start to finish of any ICT incident in accordance to the SLA. Sustain an effective relationship with the service desk manager and other teams in the company to deal with any overlapping issues. Ensure the team demonstrates the behaviours required of the Babcock Four S quality standards for customer care. Effective Leadership/Teamwork Liaise with schools' ICT Coordinator, advising on technical aspects as appropriate whilst building a good relationship with the customers. Share and communicate with other colleges on technical knowledge and information whilst being able to work as part of the team to combine and create a wide area of expertise. Responsibilities Planning and Organising Keeping administration systems up to date including time sheets, diaries, expense claims and site visit records to deliver complete and clear information. The ability to selfmanage including forward planning and ensuring all appropriate resources which are required for up and coming jobs are available (for example test equipment, parts and software) Monitoring emails and correspondence from internal and external sources. The ability to prioritise work to meet customers' requirements in the time available. Continuous Improvement Keep abreast of local, regional and national developments in advances in software and hardware issues in respect to the ICT industry and the use of ICT in schools Raise awareness across the company in terms of ICT Operational and Technical Provide specialist expertise on all matters relating to ICT Engineering service provision. Deliver the engineering support element in accordance to the ICT SLA and a standard of work in accordance to the SLA. To be aware of contracts with schools for services and equipment including parts. Qualifications Requirements Knowledge: A thorough understanding of the use of ICT in the education sector. Knowledge of the principal software applications used in schools and how they interface Knowledge of industry bestpractice in ICT systems installation and configuration An awareness of ITIL standards and processes Awareness of customer focused environment Experience Experience of service delivery to stringent targets and standards Experience of managing customers' expectations Experience of the educational environment Experience in Microsoft mainstream operating systems and network solutions Qualifications A Good education A natural aptitude for IT The ability to develop knowledge on the job My client, Babcock ****S is one of the largest school support service organisations in the country, providing consultancy, advice, training and development and project management to schools and local authorities. Interested? Please forward your CV as soon as possible or call for more information. We experience very high response rates to our vacancy advertisements. We do not however feel this is any excuse for not acknowledging your application and as part of our total candidate care initiative we will always endeavour to do so. If you have not heard from us **** working days from the date of your application please contact us for an explanation. EnjoyTechnical acts as an employment agency and as an employment business as defined by the Employment Agencies and Employment Business Regulations **** EnjoyTechnical is an equal opportunities employer and offers a free and confidential service to candidates. Enjoy Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancyEnjoy Recruitment Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/NetworkEngineerEducationSector_job****