Title: Support Engineer, French , Unix / Linux
Webindex: 72447921
Company: ITS European.
Description: KEY SKILLS – High level Linux or UNIX troubleshooting skills. Also some knowledge of SCSi, networking and SAN ( Storage technologies) even better if you are experienced with VMware and backup technologies ( Netbackup, Networker). Fluency in French is required. Join a growing operation providing services to customers in the areas of the IT Storage and Archiving Software Solutions. As a Support Engineer you will be part of a small, experienced European team, responsible for delivering high levels of customer service. This is a fairly traditional support engineer role where your professional fulfillment and company success go hand in hand This is an excellent opportunity to broaden and deepen your application knowledge as only complex technical problems related to the software storage products will be escalated to you. As a Support Engineer you will be involved in managing, maintaining and troubleshooting storage applications and systems to improve their performance– so there is plenty of scope to prove your genius As a Support Engineer you will be supporting French and English speaking customers help them identify and resolve complex technical queries – you will be given lots of different technical problems across a wide range of technologies and you will have lots of challenges to overcome. The applications run on both Unix ( Solaris, AIX and HPUX, Linux ) and Microsoft platforms hence comprehensive knowledge of both Unix Windows OS is essential. Good understanding of storage technologies such as SAN, NAS, SCSi, RAID, VMWare, EMC Networker and Netbackup or any other Storage related technologies would be of interest – any related certifications are a big bonus. You will be given plenty of time to investigate problems and will be actively encouraged to further develop your technical knowledge. The company is stable, extremely profitable and growing fast so there are good career prospects. The office is in Northampton but there is also a possibility to work from their office in Paris. A relocation allowance is payable for candidates who need to relocate to take up this position. If you are interested in this role or you'd like a new challenge then send me your CV asap. KEY SKILLS – High level Linux or UNIX troubleshooting skills. Also some knowledge of SCSi, networking and SAN ( Storage technologies) even better if you are experienced with VMware and backup technologies ( Netbackup, Networker). Fluency in French is required. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SupportEngineerFrenchUnixLinux_job****