Title: QA Tester – Graduate Opportunity
Webindex: 68690298
Company: Web Recruit Ltd
Description: QA Tester  Graduate Opportunity Winchester, Hampshire c**** Plus Pension, Private Healthcare Are you a talented graduate seeking to develop an exciting and varied role within the quality sector? Looking to join a leading award winning company that offers excellent scope for progression? If so, read on. Our client is a leading supplier of online transaction and information systems to the international banking and securities industry. They are now seeking several QA Testers to join their team. As a QA Tester, you will work as part of the testing team and be responsible for carrying out systems testing on a variety of projects, systems and technologies, including websites, web services and window based applications. You will also work closely with other teams, including analysts and developers whilst working on both agile projects and those following a more traditional lifecycle. You will interact directly with our client's patrons during the course of these projects, to support their testing processes. To be considered for this role, you must have a degree, preferably within IT or a related discipline. Additionally, as a QA Tester, you must be an excellent communicator with the ability to quickly understand complex concepts. Strong problem solving skills and the capability to work within deadlines is key. Experience of web testing, working within a process driven QA environment and of writing and executing scripts would be beneficial to your application. Experience of recording and managing defects would be equally favourable, as would SQL Server experience. An ISTQB/ISEB Foundation Certificate in Software Testing would be an added advantage. To apply for the role of QA Tester (Graduate Opportunity), please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Web Recruit Ltd. The services advertised by Web Recruit Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. Additional Keywords: QA Tester, Graduate Opportunity, Graduate Software Tester, Junior Quality Assurance Tester, Graduate Software Engineer, Quality Assurance, Junior QA Software Programmer, IT, Junior Test Engineer, IT Graduate. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/QATesterGraduateOpportunity_job****