Title: Senior Java (Pricing) Developer, Top financial institute
Webindex: 68628617
Company: Aston Carter
Description: Java, maven, hudson, jenkins, tdd, bdd, guice, spring, FX, agile, low latency, multithreading, Real Time, Sybase, SQL, XML, xsd, jms, Solaris, london, finance, banking, hedge fund My client is a leading financial institution based in the City who are in need of a senior Java developer who ideally comes from Front Office background. The ideal candidates will also have experience working in an agile methodologies and working on low latency applications. Although you must come from a finance back though  you won't necessarily need to come from an Investment Bank. As part of the Pricing team you will work alongside traders, marketers and quantitative researchers in designing and implementing software and trading systems solutions. A lot of your work will involve a high degree of code optimization and tuning for speed. You will be intimately involved in the development and design of new a framework to facilitate automated pricing and trading strategies. If this sounds like you then please read on The successful candidate  Will work alongside the best in the industry, delivering software that other people only dream of and bouncing around ideas that break new ground.  Building a Highperformance computing financial system handling over ****K tps at less than ****ms latency by having a new approach to infrastructure and software.  Working on high performance, low latency trading engines and exchanges (making them quicker). 80% of development is building news stuff No debugging To sum up, my client wants an unbelievable Java developer who is happy to remain handson and loosely mentor  you will be expected to step up in to a lead role within a short space of time. My client's culture of mentorship means that you work with senior people who want to help you achieve your personal and business objectives. To attract and keep the best in the industry my client nurtures their employees' talents through a culture that is open and inclusive, where people can achieve their individual and professional goals. They are widely known in the industry for offering the most competitive basic salary and bonuses. Interest in this position is high so please get in touch as soon as possible. If you think you are suitable then please drop your CV over to Ben or call or email. Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the 'Allegis Group'). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group's Privacy Notice.