Title: Project Manager (Advertising/Multimedia)
Webindex: 71774551
Company: F5 IT Recruitment
Description: Project Manager (Software Implementation) Key Skills Track record of managing multiple projects specifically in software implementation and installation Managing projects for 3rd party clients Prince**** Structured project documentation skills (PID's etc.) Advertising/Multimedia publishing experience (desirable although not essential) Role This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced Project Manager to work on multiple software installations. This position has the opportunity to help shape strategy. The requirement is for a Project Manager who can bring systems, documentation, process and structure to projects that have in the past, been managed by installation leads. Such is the growth of the organisation they now require a Project Manager to take over the managing of a number of long term projects with some due for delivery in the first quarter of the year. You should have at least Prince**** foundation but demonstrable knowledge to Practitioner standard, as a major responsibility will be to introduce a project management methodology. As the client is experiencing such growth they are also looking for first class documentation skills for their tier one clients. If you have experience of software implementation in the media, advertising or a similar industry or implementation of software as a service (SAAS) or financial systems this would be advantageous. It is essential that you have managed multiple projects in software implementation. My client's customers have multiple stakeholders and multiple touch points so they need someone with strong influencing skills and will be able to challenge clients with circumstances such as project creep whilst keeping the relationship at the same time About the Company My client provides web based software to multimedia and advertising companies and is experiencing rapid growth. They have an international presence with clients in a number of countries serving thousands of users. Therefore overseas travel is likely to work with both clients and overseas 3rd parties. The Recruiter F**** IT Recruitment Ltd work with many blue chip organisations on all levels of technical positions. You can find more information about us at our website. We provide a true consultancy service which complements you in your search to 'Refresh Your Career'.