Title: Dynamics AX Developer
Webindex: 69572150
Company: Catch Resource Management Ltd
Description: Dynamics AX Analyst Developer  Dynamics AX, Axapta, AX, **** 2012, X, Developer, Design, Analyst, Technical, Analysis, MorphX, .NET, CRM, SQL, SQL Server Suffolk  ****k  benefits. Our client are a leading utilities organisation, who require a highly motivated, energetic Dynamics AX Developer to further enhance their team due to a recent growth in business, as well as assisting with an upgrade to the latest version of the system, Dynamics AX 2012. Key Skills: Minimum of 2 years working in system development and/or analysis. Proven experience in the design, development, and implementation of software and products. Proficiency in a variety of programming languages, including X, C, ASP.NET. Excellent understanding of coding methods and best practices. Extensive relational database experience with MS SQL **** Understanding of .NET. Experience with core software applications, including MS Dynamics AX **** or AX 2012. Excellent analytical, mathematical and creative problemsolving skills. Excellent written and oral communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to communicate ideas in both technical and userfriendly language. Ability to effectively prioritise and execute tasks in a highpressure environment. Main Duties: Meet with systems owners and end users to define business, financial and operations requirements and to identify and resolve systems issues. Lead design sessions in prototyping new systems for the purpose of enhancing business processes, operations, and information process flow. Prepare and deliver reports, recommendations, or alternatives that address existing and potential trouble areas in business, financial and operations systems across the organisation. Collaborate in the planning, design, development, and deployment of new applications, and enhancements to existing applications. Perform costbenefit and return on investment analyses for proposed systems to aid management in making implementation decisions. Create systems models, specifications, and diagrams in aid of systems development. Consistently code software programs and applications according to specifications. Coordinate and perform indepth tests, including enduser reviews, for modified and new systems, and other postimplementation support. Provide orientation and training to end users for all modified and new systems. Location: Suffolk Catch Resource Management is a leading provider of skilled ERP and SharePoint resources to both end users and to ERP product suppliers/authors. Our consultants deliver a completely professional resourcing service, always backed up by our team of ERP specialists who are all experienced in full project life cycle implementation and support, thus ensuring that we fully understand our clients' requirements and our candidates' skills. If you have the relevant skills and experience for this position we would welcome your application, however please note that we receive high levels of responses to our advertisements so can only immediately respond to those that are a close match. However, if you are interested in hearing about similar positions then please register on our website.