Title: Infrastructure Systems Analyst  VMWare focused
Webindex: 69042935
Company: Coal IT Services
Description: Infrastructure Systems Analyst  VMWare focused: Duration: Perm Location: Gatwick, West Sussex Salary: ****k  Excellent Package Company Role: Market leading enterprise level services company require an experienced Infrastructure Technical Analyst with a strong focus on VMWare. Reporting to the Operations Team Leader (or UK DC Manager depending on location), the Technical Specialist is part of the team responsible for the day to day management of services hosted within theUK/ EU data Centres. The technical specialist will perform the function of the “owner” of the specified technology, acting as the Operational lead on any work that involves that technology. Responsibilities in brief for Infrastructure Systems Analyst  VMWare focused: To manage the day to day deliveryof services hosted within the UK data centresensuring that there is sufficient capacityonline and available throughoutthe production day to meet business demands as defined within the service level agreements. To undertake network / Data centre operations and to provide proactive management of a “lights out” computing environment. To operate and manage storage (Netapp) and Virtual (vmware) infrastructure to underpin delivery of the hosted services, including data backup/restore and provision of IT Service continuity within agreed parameters. Experience in brief for Infrastructure Systems Analyst  VMWare focused : Solid technical Background competent across a variety of technologies including: Storage (Netapp). Linux (RHEL). Microsoft Server products. Citrix. Excellent knowledge and experience in VMWare technologies: Design. Implementation. Upgrades. Capacity Management. Performance monitoring and tuning. Demonstrable experience over several years in **** nd and **** rd line operational support for large scale infrastructures. ITIL Foundation certificate or Demonstrable experience of operating within process orientated support environment. Skills and Competencies: VmwareVCP or Equivalent experience (primary). CompetentLinux Administrator. MCSE orequivalent experience. ITIL Foundation. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InfrastructureSystemsAnalystVMWarefocused_job****