Title: Senior Commercial Manager Acquisition Strategy Delivery (Current Account)
Webindex: 68855354
Company: Tesco
Description: You'll bring the ambition, we'll provide the opportunities Tesco has built its success  and its reputation  on a tradition of excellent service and dedication to the customer, but Tesco Bank is about more than bringing these values to a new market. It's about bringing a new approach to personal finances and retail banking. As we look to build upon existing talent within our senior and specialist roles, we're creating a backbone of excellence  offering the highestcalibre of professional a chance for wideranging and longlasting impact in a business that's breathing new life into the industry. As Senior Commercial Manager Acquisition Strategy & Delivery your responsibilities will include: To drive the design and delivery of the day one Current Account product and proposition, on time and within budget and to take the lead in developing and delivering the Launch strategy for the product. Moving into BAU once launched with key responsibilities of: Customer acquisition and activation, management of the acquisition pipeline, development and management of the strategic and marketing plans, budget, ownership and delivery of the acquisition targets. You will support your team to deliver service and/or manage other resources to deliver service using analysis and judgement. Working with key stakeholders to identify, evaluate and drive acquisition proposition opportunities and develop the acquisition longer term strategy. Time understanding the switcher and competitor market, changing customer behaviours and using this information to inform our acquisition strategy. Managing campaign plans, segmentation development and budget. Time spent managing your team. Experience required: Proven track record in Financial services product management, including commercial experience of Current Accounts A proven record of campaign delivery, commercial knowledge with a clear customer focus Evidence of influencing and stakeholder management across all levels of an organisation Identifying and driving process changes to improve channel effectiveness & efficiencies People Management Project Management Wherever your talent lies, you'll find challenge and reward in equal measure. Above all else, you'll find fewer boundaries and fewer obstacles to building a career defined by achievement. We're here to go the extra mile for our customers  and we'll do the same for you. For us, it's simple. As long as you have the drive to succeed, we have the opportunity to go further. Visit our website and find the role that's right for you.