Title: UNIX Server Engineer / Systems Admin  up to ****k
Webindex: 72678706
Company: Computer People  Limited
Description: UNIX Server Engineer / Systems Administrator  West London (Hounslow) up to ****k Technologies: UNIX, Linux, Windows, VMWare, Oracle Linux Sun Solaris **** (including OVM, LDOM, Zone virtualization, ZFS configuration HA technologies within LINUX UNIX systems), storage subsystems, Brocade SAN switches, IBM AS**** AIX, LPAR, HACMP, Scripting, Large Storage Arrays, Storage Appliances, NetBackup, Puredisk, LAN, WAN. Industry: Financial Services Qualifications: ITIL Foundation Certificate. Computer People are working with an established financial services company, within the groups IT department we have a need for an experienced Systems Administrator that has had some previous experience working in an UNIX Server environment. You will be responsible for the configuration, operation and development of UNIX, mainly LINUX across all divisions supported by the IT department, knowledge of SANs (ideally Brocade) and HDS Disk Storage arrays would be beneficial. Provide a wide range of support services to internal and external customers. As part of a Group wide infrastructure team, provide support services that enhance IT capability in support of business demand. Requirements:  Solid hands on experience of working in a UNIX server environment  Good communication skills, written and oral, working with people at all levels and in all areas of the business. A structured and methodical approach to problem solving. Ability to motivate self and others  Solid commercial awareness and an ability to understand how IT relates to a company and impacts its performance, and the ability to use this in decision making  Must demonstrate the ability to think and take initiative in terms of decisions with regard to specific tasks and activities within remit.  Must enjoy and strive for increased responsibility working within a pressurised and fast paced environment.  Must be objective and results driven.  Must have empathy with customers (internal and external), with the ability to deal with individuals at all levels both within the organisation and externally.  Must be seen to be calm and assured under pressure, dealing with issues as they arise in a calm and professional manner.  Must be seen as positive and enthusiastic demonstrating a can do attitude, being flexible in terms of being willing to carry out a wide variety of tasks and activities as required, according to the changing requirements of the business.  Must adopt a professional approach in all dealings, demonstrate high standards and levels of performance and constantly strive to improve processes and procedures so as to add value to the team.  Must adopt a proactive style of work, taking responsibility for all issues/tasks within remit and capability, without automatic referral to line management.  Must demonstrate the ability to build relationships with a variety of different individuals both within the team and across the business and to be seen as approachable and willing to get involved, as required.  Must be committed to and demonstrate Company values particularly relating to levels of integrity, professional approach and teamwork. Relevant Skills and Qualifications:  Oracle Linux Sun Solaris ****nowledge essential (including OVM, LDOM, Zone virtualization, ZFS configuration HA technologies within LINUX UNIX systems)  Knowledge of HDS modular storage subsystems and management software, Brocade SAN switches and management software useful  IBM AS**** AIX knowledge useful (including LPAR virtualization and HACMP)  Scripting knowledge  Previous experience useful of configuring and managing large storage arrays, storage appliances and experience in the provisioning of storage across Solaris, Linux, AIX, Windows and VMWare platforms  Providing ongoing design and implementation support for new projects.  Provide out of hours operational UNIX support  Hardware architecture across relevant Sun, HP and IBM platforms  Knowledge of HP P**** disk arrays configuration and operation of NetBackup useful, Puredisk optional  High level understanding of LAN and WAN technologies  ECommerce application knowledge useful  Optional , VMWare, Oracle  ITIL Foundation Certificate This role offers excellent career development opportunities and the chance to work with excellent technologies and on exciting projects. To be considered for this role apply now for more information please contact Alastair Taylor.