Title: Web Development Manager (Hands on) London  ****k
Webindex: 68805790
Company: Annapurna HR Ltd
Description: Web Development Manager Hands On ( HTML / CSS / OO JavaScript ) Up to ****k  Benefits and Bonus Central London I am currently looking for a Web Development Manager (HTML / CSS / OO JavaScript) to join a fantastic company based in central London who have successfully established themselves within their niche media market. They are looking to expand with major growth plans for the future and only look for talented individuals who are going to bring new and fresh ideas which will help them fully utilise the last web technologies available to stay ahead of the curve. The successful Web Development Manager (HTML / CSS / OO JavaScript) will be in an ideal situation for career progression with the company planning to expand over the next year with you heading up the Web Development department. Therefore if you apply for the role it is vital you are ready to take the next step in your career to a more senior level. Furthermore passion for technology and agile development is essential to be considered for the role and ideally the successful candidate will have a solid experience in an Agile environment and will be able to understand and adapt to implement Agile principles where they are necessary. Essential Skills  HTML  CSS3  OO JavaScript, jQuery  Extensive UI Development experience .  Capable of growing a well formed team into a larger entity within the business.  Experience leading and managing a team.  Adhere to best practices when developing.  Good experience maintaining an Agile team. Desired Java background, JSP, Tomcat, JSP, TDD, HTML5 For more information in regards to this Web Development Manager ( HTML / CSS / OO JavaScript ) position please email alexannapurnait.com Annapurna IT are acting as a recruitment agent in regards to this position. Annapurna IT, Winner of the 2012 National Best Newcomer Agency, is an environmentally sustainable IT recruitment company and a member of 1% for the planet , a charity which donates 1% of all sales made by member organisations to nominated Earth Charities, we are currently the only recruitment company in Europe which is a member of this movement. Clients purchasing via Annapurna IT are able to make direct impact on their Corporate Social Responsibility Charter, by nominating to which charity the money goes.