Title: Mobile Software QA and Release Lead  Global Leading Business
Webindex: 68193023
Company: PCR Recruitment Limited
Description: Mobile Software QA and Release Lead Central London ****k circa (benefits inc 25 days hol, pension, season tkt loan, free gym and swimming pool and much more) Want to experiment and work with innovative products? Imagine the freedom of a start up but with the security and perks of a global organization, this is it Our client is the world s leading source of intelligent information for businesses and professionals. They combine industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers in the financial, legal, tax and accounting, scientific, healthcare and media markets, powered by the world s most trusted news organization. As a Mobile Software QA and Release Lead you will define and develop the testing and release strategy and lead the testing and release efforts for the next generation of financial services mobile applications. You will also be developing and integrating the supporting tools to implement and execute the test strategy along with performing the testing to maintain and guarantee the expected quality. This role requires not only and extremely technical handson approach, but also a whole exposure to the product lifecycle and requires a deep understanding of the product domain. So the ability and the will to learn quickly are essential. You will be working for and with other engineers, people who have spent time in the trenches and may even have built a few things you use. Engineering appropriateness and the best compromise when required is our motto and preferred approach. MAJOR AREAS OF ACCOUNTABILITY Endtoend quality assurance for the mobile solutions:  Define the test strategy, including the mobile, web and server components  Work with the development team to develop and execute the test plan, inline with an agile development methodology  Lead a team of QA engineers and developersintest  Design and create test environments for the engineering team, including software interface requirements for testability and scripting  Promote and develop a culture within the entire development team, of targeted risk assessment through system analysis  Generate and track meaningful statistics by which the entire team can evaluate the developing quality of the software product Software release management:  Implement continuous build/integration  Create various automated builds for iOS, mobile web and server  Write automation to enable efficient application submission to App Store and AdHoc builds  Create and maintain a distribution methodology for apps in development Qualifications  Degree in Computer Sciences or Computer Engineering or significant professional experience required. Required Skills  A background in software development, not just test  you will help test APIs, design tests, write automated test scripts and design test tools. This is not a ?managementonly? position  Experience with designing test strategies for mobile products (apps and web)  Experience with Agile software practices.  Experience using software development environments (i.e.: XCode, eclipse) for building releases  Excellent communicator  Proactive and selfmotivated Desired Skills  Experience testing financial services applications