Title: IT Security Consultant, Symantec Suite  Central London
Webindex: 69047048
Company: System Recruitment
Description: IT Security Engineer / Consultant, Central London  Symantec Suite Job Type: Permanent Location: City, Central London Salary: Up to **** doe Start Date: ASAP Duration: Permanent Reference: ITSymantConsLon IT Security Engineer / Consultant, Central London  Symantec Suite. My client is a City of London based IT Security Solutions provider and requires an experienced IT Security Consultant to join their team. Salary: ****k****k depending on experience. You will have experience designing, installing and upgrading security solutions on Customers sites and at least 5 years experience working in IT Security in a customer facing role. You will have strong experience in security products focusing on the Symantec suite. The role will primarily involve travel to customer sites to conduct workshops, offsite solution design and onsite implementations. As such, you must have experience in some or all of;  Symantec Endpoint Protection (SEP)  Symantec PGP encryption.  Symantec Critical System Protection.  Symantec Altiris Suite.  Symantec Control Compliance Suite.  Symantec Enterprise Security Manager (ESM) In addition to the above, strong Wintel knowledge is required as you will need to be able to discuss technical solutions in depth to a room full of IT administrators. Specifically, knowledge of TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, Active Directory, Group Policy, Microsoft SQL and IIS is required. This environment will also require excellent soft skills and ability to articulate complex technical ideas and solutions in an easy to understand format. The candidate would benefit from an understanding of security concepts like SIEM, NAC, DLP, Encryption, Application and Device Control, Endpoint Protection, Email and Web Gateways, Host based IDS and IPS, and IT compliance. This is a challenging role requiring a wide range of skills so we are only looking for candidates that are serious about a career in IT security. The candidate that meets these requirements will be rewarded with regular training including progression towards certifications like the CISSP. The role will suit individuals currently working as an IT Security Consultant, IT Security Engineer, Network Security Analyst and living within a commutable distance of Central London or willing to relocate. With over 20 years of experience System Recruitment offers excellence in Permanent and Contract recruitment in a wide range of industry sectors. Though we are a generalist agency, a particular strength of ours lies in Information Technology including Technical, Sales and Managerial positions. We are able to tailor our approach to your needs in order to work effectively with you and provide real value