Title: SAP Functional Specialist
Webindex: 68674877
Company: Twinings
Description: Over 300 years of innovation, passion and hard work has kept Twinings at the forefront of the hot drinks industry. Whilst proud of their heritage, IT lies at the heart of the company and the evergrowing demands for new technology has resulted in Twinings embarking upon a programme of significant technology change. As part of this major change programme, a need has arisen for an SAP Functional Specialist to define and lead a businessaligned SAP optimisation strategy for the Commercial Order to Cash process across multiple SAP components. As an experienced SAP Functional Specialist, you will provide expertise to Twinings by working within the SAP Development and Delivery Team whose priority will be to optimise and exploit functionality across multiple SAP processes including Order to Cash, Procure to Pay, Plan to Make and Record to Report. The role responsibilities include:  Work closely with Businessbased super users and senior managers to design an optimal SAP solution for Twinings.  Understand the full SAP capabilities and options, their implications and the roadmap of SAP improvements and enhancements.  Collaborate with business units, SAP superusers, International Business Leads, SAP specialists, Service and Delivery team and Change Managers to gather requirements, design appropriate solutions, create production support specifications and facilitate solution reviews.  Create, execute and oversee testing.  Communicate agreed solutions to the Twinings business and coordinate implementation.  Deliver fitforpurpose solutions to meet project deadlines and inline with the business objectives. To be successful in the role you will need the following skills and experience:  Demonstrable handson experience of configuring SAP ERP and at least two years experience across SRM and SCM.  Experience and understanding of ECC, APODP, Financials, MM, BCM, SD, QM, PPPI, WM, EAM, GATP, PI, SOP, Supplier Self Service, BW, BEX, IP, BPS.  Ability to maximise and exploit SAP and provide design leadership when customisation and integration is needed.  Proven experience and passionate about optimising value from SAP solutions.  Strong experience of working with integration partners and services providers.  Appropriate SAP certifications.  The ability to engage with a variety of stakeholders to both transfer knowledge and deliver mutually beneficial outcomes  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills In return for this expertise, Twinings will offer a competitive salary and benefits package synonymous with a marketleading organisation. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a wellknown, forwardthinking and peoplefocused organisation. Twining’s core values underpin an engaged and highly successful working environment where individuals are able to thrive and further their career. For more information and to apply please visit www.hays.co.uk/jobs/twinings This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAPFunctionalSpecialist_job****