Title: Application Virtualisation/Windows 7 Test Manager  Resources
Webindex: 71744967
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: Application Virtualisation/Windows 7 Test Manager  Resources Reference no: W Cheshire **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: CH**** **** What s involved with this role: A highly professional Applications Test Manager is required to manage the application packaging and virtualisation testing for a Windows 7 migration project. You will have proven skills and experience of managing the full testing lifecycle; have excellent communication skills and the ability to matrix manage resources to ensure that the correct people are engaged at the right time. You will be a knowledgeable, experienced Test Manager to ensure that this high profile, critical project is effectively managed to time, cost and quality standards. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also highlight that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Demonstrable experience of successfully managing applications testing in application virtualisation and Windows 7 projects (within a PRINCE**** methodology) including: Test planning management in application packaging/virtualisation and Windows 7 migration Working to tight deadlines in prioritising test plans against high business impact and departmental areas Experience of planning, monitoring and controlling test resources in a matrix environment, and managing expectations of project stakeholders Risk and issue management, through identifying problems, preparing mitigation plans and briefing the Project Manager of the impacts and options to resolve and managing to completion. Plan, prepare and conduct test meetings, workshops, training sessions and presentations for a wide variety of technical and nontechnical audiences of all levels Strong leadership, organisational analytical skills, including the ability to influence and negotiate Experience of executing, presenting, delivering monitoring thoroughly documented Test plans and progress reports with assessment of test issue severity, solutions and workarounds Experience of ensuring that test plans are implemented according to correct standards and are properly transitioned into support. Use of MSOffice suite inclusive of MSProject Excellent documentation standards Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Knowledge of services and workings of local government  highly desirable Experience of ITIL  highly desirable Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Transport, Environment Leisure Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 23 months. Hours per week: **** (tbc) Monday Friday, normal working hours Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited