Title: HTML **** Developer | Gibraltar
Webindex: 71566087
Company: Rock Consultancy
Description: Rock Consultancy is currently recruiting for an experienced and talented HTML5 developer to join a rapidly growing software development company in Gibraltar. If you are interested in having over 300 days of sunshine a year and the opportunity to become part of a new and exciting company then please read on. Overview The successful candidate must be able to demonstrate a commitment to lifelong learning and selfmotivation. Longterm commercial experience is less important than an ability to show strong familiarity with current and future web standards, browser based application development and very strong HTML 5. Responsibilities  To help design and develop a portfolio of online enterprise HTML5 browser applications.  Implementation of Agile Methodology.  You will be involved with the concept and design of browser applications.  Analysis of business requirements and subsequently following up and implementing all requirements.  You will be expected to accurately document a common application library for future application designs.  You will be expected to provide feedback to both technical and business stake holders.  Work with both internal and external teams to extract the necessary information including artwork etc, for implementation of applications. Knowledge, Skills Experience  Excellent JavaScript, HTML5 (Mobile, Tablet and desktops etc)experience.  CSS3 experience a must.  Experience with HTML5 cutting edge skills like transforms, transitions and animations.  OpenGL, WebGL a bonus  Server Side experience  Cross browser debugging experience (including both old and new browsers)  Understanding the information of running web applications on iOS, Android, and Blackberry.  Experience of working with Agile methodology. If you would like to apply for this HTML5 Developer role please send your CV to peterrockconsultancy.gi This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/HTML5DeveloperGibraltar_job****