Title: SAS Customer Insight Analyst  SAS
Webindex: 69600739
Company: Xcede Recruitment Solutions
Description: Our Client a well known house hold brand are currently looking for a SAS Customer Insight Analyst to Construct methodologies and analysis that will be used throughout the contact centre planning and delivery lifecycle. Define and safeguard best practice analytical design. Create genuinely actionable insight and understanding, through the analysis of both quantitative and qualitative data, building SAS recommendations that directly address business objectives defined within the Contact Transformation SAS Strategy. Identify possible conflicts with the strategy and where necessary recommend cost effective alternatives. Contribute to Business Case development for all changes impacting Contact Centre operations and ensure data capture devices are in place to measure benefit post golive. Conduct full SAS analysis of changes impacting customers and Contact Centre operations and ensure impacts are accurately integrated into forecasts. Carry out postevent analysis to validate forecast assumptions and identify all additional factors associated with the change. Ensure all lessons learnt are built into future analysis. Develop and maintain a 'Cost to Serve' SAS model that clearly demonstrates cost vs. value for all contact centre transactions, segmented by contact channel, contact type , provider (e.g. inhouse, outsource) and geography. Provide monthly trend reporting and commentary for all KPIs under examination/control, across all contact types and channels. Proven record of developing commercial opportunities using your data research skills. Predictive Modelling experience, including the construction of decision trees and knowledge of Neural Networks Knowledge of Contact Centre working practices and an awareness of the technologies utilised in this environment. Advanced MS Excel/Access skills and ideally experience of using SAS, Oracle OBIEE, Hyperion ESSBASE and Qlickview. Ideally, experience of working with Six Sigma or Lean methodologies This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SASCustomerInsightAnalystSAS_job****