Title: Project Manager  Cloud Services
Webindex: 68180228
Company: Matrix Programme Project Management
Description: Project Manager, PRINCE2, Managed Services, IT Services, Infrastructure, Web Hosting, Cloud, Data Centre, Networks, Load Balancers, Servers, Virtualisation, Product Development My client is the European arm of the No. **** Telecoms service providers worldwide, and has operations across Europe. They currently have an urgent opportunity for a Project Manager to join their Cloud Services / Central Operations team. The role is to provide planning, delivery and documentation of the Projects for and on behalf of the Product, Engineering and Data Centre teams within the Cloud Services Business Unit that provides Managed Services across a wide range of competencies including Cloud, Hosting, Data Centre, Security, Infrastructure Applications. The Project Manager will be responsible for the planning, delivery and documentation of the Projects, which can include; engineering a new Product, six month plus data centre facility build out, several months planning for scheduled maintenance, short term operations to meet specific customer requirements, infrastructure refresh initiatives or managing physical migrations between two or more of my clients European data centres. The PM will manage a schedule of activities through various stages with a focus on finalising design and scope with timely delivery, as well as providing an accurate forecast of delivery to Senior Management. The role may also be responsible for the placing of equipment orders should the project require such investment, and thus relationships with 3rd party vendors will need to be managed to ensure success project delivery. European travel is expected as part of the role with the occasional trip further abroad as needs require. Key responsibilities include Assisting the Product and Engineering teams to deliver projects within defined constraints through the appropriate allocation of work and work packages, and ontime delivery of new products and services. Create/update Network Diagrams, Risk Issue logs, Communications and project plans as well as supporting the project team with daytoday tasks as appropriate to role; Drive projects to develop products involving all functional team located in UK/ES/DE/FR, and also work with Japanese, US and Asian colleagues to drive a global project, promoting European interests (e.g. proactively manage conflict of interest) Supporting the Product or Engineering Managers at initiation meetings, occasionally these will be offsite; Cross check project requirements to ensure the appropriate level of quality assurance has taken place, assist in peer reviews of others project deliverables; Ensure that equipment requirements for projects are approved, ordered and received on time, in the correct Hosting Centres; Administer order entry into internal work flow application and manage until complete Acting as document librarian uploading project information onto online management systems such as Microsoft SharePoint, our Internal Ops Management System (NEXUS) and Microsoft Project Server Building strong supplier relations to maximise supply chain efficiency and project revenues; Regular housekeeping of outstanding purchase orders Provide regular project reports for stakeholders; Information management across products such as Roadmap updates, Product portal updates, Standardisation on product related collateral Any other duties required by the Project Office Manager, Operations Director or Products Director which is reasonably within the scope of this role. The successful candidate will have had experience in managing similar Projects within a customer services environment, ideally a Managed services environment. Experience with the full life cycle Product Development of Hosting solutions. You will have ideally had experience with Network, Virtualisation (Cloud), Web Hosting, Server, Storage and backup technologies with a good overall grasp of Infrastructure and associated technologies. Please send your CV in Word format for further discussion.