Title: Associate Director (Econometrics)
Webindex: 71228066
Company: Digital Personnel
Description: Global Research  Directing and executing all aspects of econometric projects. This will include ensuring projects are delivered on time, being the main client contact and taking responsibility for the development and growth of the project team.  Taking responsibility and control for several projects or work areas simultaneously.  Following company procedures and taking an active role in developing them.  Preparing project proposals and supporting Partners in developing new business.  Managerial responsibility for econometric staff to Senior Analyst level.  Undertaking Project Manager and Analyst functions on projects when circumstances demand. The agency is a leading marketing analytics business that is part of a large media network. They have pioneered the use of econometrics to measure the sales effectiveness of media and marketing activities for 40 years specialising in bespoke, indepth analysis and consultancy which enables marketers to achieve their brand objectives. They specialise in providing clients with the strategic and tactical advice necessary to optimise the ROI from all marketing activities and to maximise profitable sales. A generous starting salary plus a range of benefits is on offer including healthcare, season ticket loan, gym discounts and many other fun social events. This is a great opportunity for someone who has a strong econometrics background to progress their career within a specialist agency. Please do not hesitate to apply for further information Digital Personnel is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Digital Personnel is a specialist recruitment consultancy supporting the digital media market, developing recruitment partnerships with innovative interactive businesses on a global scale. Digital Personnel supply the talent so that our clients can focus on creating and implementing online marketing strategies that continue to push the boundaries within this everevolving industry.