Title: Messaging and Technical Specialist
Webindex: 55409161
Company: JOBG8
Description: Messaging and Technical Specialist An outstanding opportunity has arisen for a talented Messaging specialist to join an innovative Global organisation based on the outskirts of London. This position will report into the Lead Technical Specialist. The Messaging Technical Specialist is responsible for supporting the current messaging infrastructure for a Global company with nearly **** employees. This candidate will provide strategy and focus to the key platforms with their teams, they own the platforms from the point of inception and everything in between. Due to the highly technical nature of this role a deep understanding of the underlying technologies is needed to support the platform. The role requires strong skills in the day to day management of the platform including the responsibility of ensuring that Workplace Technology quality standards are monitored and delivered. The ability to carry out detailed planning is an absolute must. As a Messaging Specialist your duties will include Delivering effective and timely Support for all Messaging and Collaboration Programmes & Projects. Providing BAU support to the exchange 2010 platform and associated services Managing and maintaining an effective metric system providing department statistics as required. Acting as a bridge between technology and the business to fully understand requirements and then turning them into solutions. Advising and influencing internal/external parties at senior management level through structured communication and use of effective influencing skills. Working with the Projects Team to provide regular reviews of progress against milestones to appropriate key stakeholders identifying risks, slippage and proposing mitigating actions to ensure agreed programme benefits are delivered. Accountability for managing the quality of service for the platform. Keeping abreast of future business strategy for the compay and provide strategic direction and vision for the platform. Providing up to date transparent management information on OLA's/SLA's and delivery of operational targets and service Technical Skills MCITP Specialism with Exchange 2010 Solid experience with Exchange in large blue chip companies. Deep technical skills with Exchange 2010   Lync Demonstrate clear understanding of storage and how it interacts with the exchange platform. Ability to provide technical leadership within team and has a record of successful large scale exchange 2010 deployments Experience with UAG   ISA  TMG To find out more about this exceptional opportunity please apply with your CV