Title: Front End developer  Technical Lead
Webindex: 69733759
Company: Insideout Search Ltd
Description: A fantastic opportunity for an experienced Lead Front end Developer to join an expanding IT development team within this Digital Media giant . With an enviable portfolio of clients and projects the Lead Front End developer will participate in defining technical solutions and code architectures and be responsible for development and delivery of productionready code. Working on projects that use cuttingedge technology, focused on delivering market changing online services you will be one of the experts contributing to those goals with your professional knowledge, expertise , work ethic and passion for new technology. You will be working in a fast paced organisation using Agile/Scrum methodology to deliver excellent solutions . You will deliver on end to end projects on your own and in multiperson environments providing technical guidance and instruction to other members of the team and maintaining a high level of productivity and code quality. As project Lead you will review code of other developers to insure optimal code structure and adherence to company coding standards. Required Skills and Experience:  5 years software development experience;  Industryleading expertise in JavaScript (OO) and JavaScript applications;  **** year experience of JavaScript libraries and frameworks (e.g. jQuery, Backbone) in a single page web app context;  Strong knowledge of code documentation and handover processes;  A high level of familiarity with serverside integration;  Expert knowledge of HTML and CSS variants;  Strong understanding of UX, accessibility; the standards, patterns and approaches that enable web access for all users, irrespective of browsing technology;  Experience of largeteam development in integrated environments (e.g. Eclipse) using managed source control systems (e.g. Git,Subversion).  Experience in unit testing processes;  Experience with back end technologies (RoR, node.js or similar)  Desirable Skills and Experience: Agile / Scrum; JIRA / Confluence Rake, Ant, WebSockets Less / SASS.  Clientside templating, (Handlebars, underscore)  You will have a strong ability for problem solving  considering and evaluating all relevant factors (consulting others) and then making a decision based on your conclusions.