Title: SAP Functional Consultants – SAP FICO, SAP SD, SAP MM
Webindex: 68680520
Company: Whitehall Resources Ltd
Description: SAP Functional Consultants – FICO, SD, MM, QM Specialist SAP Consultancy is looking for HOME BASED autonomous professionals to join a growing team of SAP practise to deliver exciting and challenging projects. Our client has a reputation for delivering some of the most leading edge SAP projects and is recognised by both industry analysts and SAP UK as being one of the best boutique consultancies in the market place. What we're looking for The highest priorities are FICO Functional Consultant, Logistics FC and MM FC with a bit of QM. Other module functional consultants will be considered if they meet our criteria. The most important aspect is that candidates must be able to implement in a greenfield site i.e. that have proven experience of consulting in companies that do not currently have SAP. To be selected for interview candidates must have: •a minimum of 3 years configuration/consulting/programming experience in a consulting environment in the UK with either: •a broad and deep understanding of the candidates specialist module/area with solid design and configuration skills. FICO Consultants are also expected to have an accountancy background. In addition •more than one full SAP project life cycle end to end (blueprint through to golive) •experience in deploying SAP solutions in one or more of the following industries :discrete manufacturing, engineering, process manufacturing, wholesale, consumer products. Experience in public sector and/or utilities and/or Oil Gas alone cannot be considered i.e. they must have some good experience in our industry space. •excellent consulting, communication and client facing skills with the ability to influence at all levels of the business •the ability to work alone or in small teams and to deliver work packages without significant supervision •a full UK driving licence and be willing to travel frequently to different UK customer sites Functional Consultants will be in the range of ******** Our benefits have changed too in that we will no longer be offering a car allowance having increased the base salary instead Other benefits remain unchanged. This is home based with ****/3 days with clients SAP FICO, SAP Logistics, SAP SD, SAP MM, SAP QM, SAP ABAP Greenfield Implementations, Configurations, Stakeholder Management, Requirement Gathering, Delivery, Customer Satisfaction This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SAPFunctionalConsultantsSAPFICOSAPSDSAPMM_job****