Title: mgi recruitment: Tecnical Support Norwegian Northern Ireland
Webindex: 71372644
Company: mgi recruitment
Description: Responsibilities Handle inbound and outbound calls . Identify, diagnose, and resolve customer issues related to the configuration and/or use of Products. product families, including, but not limited to, software application packages, operating system levels, hardware and supported equipment. Provide support during both normal business hours and outside normal business Suggest improvements to or creation of new knowledgebase articles based on developing trends and resolved customer issues. Strive to successfully make every customer an NPS Promoter by delighting customers, above and beyond the call of duty Skills/Knowledge Passion for commitment to delivering the best support experience. Capable of handling communicating effectively with all customer types. Excellent soft and interpersonal skills. Fluent verbal and written communication skills in Norwegian language. Above average ability to read, write and speak English. Strong problem solving skills to diagnose and logically resolve customer problems Strong understanding of computers using Windows based operating basic troubleshooting of multiple computer operating systems (ie: Windows, Macintosh, Linux) Proven capability in supporting various hardware environments, standard applications (Microsoft Office), and internet navigation (including download capabilities). Capable of supporting networking and connectivity issues. Familiarity with software security programs (ex: Norton, McAfee). . Strong email, word processing, and web usage skills. Benefits: Consumer electronics or IT sector is a benefit Relocation assistance : 7 nights in a B B and reimbursement of travelling costs of up to **** euro Continuous paid training on the latest technology Private Health/Medical Insurance (after 12 weeks probation) Private Pension (after 12 weeks probation) On site canteen Fair care scheme (after 12 weeks probation) Life assurance Discounted SKY TV Eye Care Reimbursements Dental Plan (after 12 weeks probation) 25 days holiday entitlement  extra entitlements Discounted local gym membership Performance bonuses Potential for rapid advancement in many fields, and throughout 17 countries Free Parking, close proximity to city centre by bus or train If you're interested, apply to : or call Dagmara at **** ****