Title: Change Analyst, Transition Analyst
Webindex: 68495918
Company: Sanderson Recruitment Plc
Description: Change Analyst, Transition Analyst One of the leading companies in South Wales are looking for a Change Analyst, Transition Analyst to join their growing team. The successful Change Analyst, Transition Analyst does not necessarily have to come from a change background, my client are interested in candidates who have a strong background within Infrastructure support OR Programming/Development. The main responsibilities of the Change Analyst, Transition Analyst will be: Coordinate a schedule of releases and Release Plans. Assist with supporting Releases into live. Documenting the results with a focus on what went well and what does not. You will also create a 'Lessons Learned' log and devise possible solutions/actions to improve how we currently operate. Run the Warranty/Handover process on new and existing applications and infrastructure components and capture the results. Upon completion of this an action plan should be created to address ad training issues and skill shortages. Develop and maintain a system to automate the current Technical Readiness Process with a strong focus on the service level agreements. The role holder will also assist with applying the Technical Readiness Process to smaller bug fix releases and monitoring for any outstanding work. Attend CAB and capture key activities. Send out communications to IT after each CAB meeting together with the Change/Release schedule. To champion and drive through the effectiveness of the Early Engagement Process in relation to engaging Support Teams. Ideally the Change Analyst, Transition Analyst will have an ITIL certification however, this is not essential. The Change Analyst, Transition Analyst should have: Demonstrable experience of working in Development or Infrastructure. Depending on your background, you must have experience with at least one of the following technologies: Development: SQL and XML VB/.NET, RPG and JAVA JSP/HTML/CSS/JavaScript Infrastructure: DNS, DHCP, Firewalls, LAN, WAN, WIFI, MPLS, Ethernet and IP Windows technologies such as AD, Exchange, Server and Client Software Middleware technologies Platform hardware such as Nortel, Cisco, Intel and ADM VoIP Able to manage projects autonomously. Proven experience of dealing in a large IT Development environment with exposure to infrastructure technologies and concepts. A working understanding of database structures (including Internet based). Experience of project delivery in all aspects of the Transition Lifecycle Management including methodology, tools and templates. Excellent multitasking skills. This is a fantastic opportunity for a Change Analyst, Transition Analyst to join a very exciting company. Change Analyst, Transition Analyst