Title: Night Shift Service Desk Coordinator ? Initially 4 month contract
Webindex: 71707820
Company: Talent Match
Description: One of the UK's leading providers of technology and service solutions is seeking a Service Desk Coordinator (Customer Service) to join their busy IT helpdesk in Horsham, West Sussex. As the first point of contact for customer enquiries, the successful candidate will have an excellent telephone manner and a drive to provide first class customer service. Whilst experience within a helpdesk environment would be beneficial, applications from individuals with strong customer service skills gained in any environment are welcomed. The company is dedicated to ensuring an exceptional client experience through a fast and flexible operating environment and a unique company culture, driven by talented and energetic people. As a Service Desk Coordinator you will:  Raise all customer Incidents and Enquiries within service level agreements.  Manage all customer Incidents and enquiries through to resolution.  Manage relationships with the company's third parties.  Update systems accurately and capture all the detail necessary to progress the enquiry.  Actively listen and question the customer to confirm understanding of the reason for contact.  Provide customers with a quality service, building rapport and loyal relationships, so a positive and professional image of the company is achieved.  Ensure customers are charged for work where appropriate (i.e. where it falls outside their contractual agreement)  Identify and progress customer service and process improvement opportunities.  Participation and attendance at Customer and Client Service Reviews and Customer site visits.  Take responsibility for escalations and customer complaints.  Keep up to date with products, pricing and packaging to ensure correct information is given to customers. The ideal Service Desk Coordinator will hold the following skills and experiences:  Previous experience within a Customer Service / Call Centre / Contact Centre role.  Service Desk Experience is preferred but not essential.  Team working.  Desire to learn.  Confidential information handling. In return you will receive a starting salary of **** per annum with at salary review . Working hours for this Night Shift position are 9.15pm to 08.15am on a four days on 4 days off basis. Whilst this is initially a 4 month contract there is a genuine prospect of the role becoming permanent, at a progressive company that offers an excellent working environment