Title: Senior BMC ITSM Solution Architect
Webindex: 55410552
Company: Excel Technical Resourcing Solutions Ltd
Description: Senior BMC ITSM Practice Lead / Solutions Architect About our client Our client is a systems integration, training, consultancy and managed services company. Our client partners with a number of large, global, software vendors, such as IBM, BMC, CA and Compuware, providing value added resale and professional services around their software products. Our client is currently in an expansion phase with plans to double the size of the business by 2014. Growth will come from increased geographical presence and a focus on additional products and services around existing and new vendors. The Role We are seeking individuals to join their dynamic team to assist in growing the fledgling BMC ITSM practice within our organisation. There are potentially a number of roles available and we are looking for candidates with excellent technical ability and business/customerfacing skills. Technical skills required are: o BMC ITSM Solution Architecture o BMC Atrium CMDB o BMC Remedy Asset Management o ITIL methodology o Preparation and deployment of customised Service request forms and workflows o End User support o Functional Requirements gathering o Project Management Documentation o Change and release documentation Initially the roles will be a combination of business development, presales and technical delivery, working alongside our client's Services Manager to build the business. There is a potential for global travel, as demand dictates. Our client's technical consultants combine an excellent technical knowledge with the ability to interpret and advise on customer requirements so previous experience in a highprofile customerfacing role is desirable. As the practice matures there will be the opportunity to build a team, working with and servicing BMC on a global basis. Our client has offices in Milton Keynes and London but working from home is also optional when not on client site. Package Negotiable, dependant upon skill set and experience. Excellent growth opportunities bmc itsm practice lead solutions architect