Title: Implementation Engineer Enterprise Software, World Travel
Webindex: 67308129
Company: GO Partnership
Description: My client provide cutting edge, enterprise software solutions to a large scale, global clientele. Developing their physical security information management software in house, the product is then configured and installed on client site through their professional services team. A further addition to this team in the guise of an Implementation Engineer is now sought with primary responsibility to provide technical leadership and become an authority in all aspects of the design, build, integration, test, QC, commission and deployment of their solutions. This is a customer facing role that requires a thorough understanding of their software platform and the infrastructures that it will interact with along with a detailed understanding of the sub system edge devices used by threir customers. Whilst training will be given on their specific product suite, you must bring a background of deploying a similar large scale, enterprise software product to be considered here. Successful program delivery and positive customer satisfaction is crucial to the clients expansion strategy, therefore excellent written and verbal communication skills along with strong analytical and problem solving expertise are prerequisites for this role. The ability to operate to tight deadlines whilst fully engaging in the team focused Virtual Project Teams is also vital. This role will require national and international travel (UK, Europe, Australia, UAE, etc), which may be extensive at times. Technically, alongside a minimum 3 years experience from a similar domain, you should bring experience with the following;  Strong knowledge of database architectures and methodologies; ideally Microsoft SQL Server 2008, 2012 and the ability to manipulate data effectively and efficiently using SQL OO Concepts and rationale.  Experience within an OO development language environment (.Net, Java, C++, C)  Excellent knowledge of Windows Server 2008 and Windows XP and Windows 7  Proven track record and experience of networking principles and the IP protocol.  Proven track record of installing and implementing a high level application suite like Document Management, Fleet Management, EPOS or ERP.  Demonstrable experience of configuring PC s, servers and troubleshooting the Windows Server and Client Operating Systems.  Excellent knowledge of VM Environments and Microsoft Clustering  Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Alongside the core deployment duties, Further responsibilities will include, though not limited to;  Work with the Virtual Project Team to create detailed design documentation for customer submission s, RFP s and other commercial and technical documentation.  Conduct indepth product and solution demonstrations when required. This role offers huge scope for personal growth, development and progression, and an opportunity to see the world through your work