Title: Systems Engineer  Software & AD
Webindex: 67785104
Description: A great opportunity has arisen for a voice and data recording Systems Engineer to work for a leading consultancy's site in Gloucester. This Systems Engineer will be working on a number of new and upcoming projects in the areas of secure audio and data systems development. The ideal candidate will have experience of working on mixed systems involving bespoke software, windows servers (especially Active Directory) and commercial off the shelf hardware. Please note this is NOT an IT support role so please do not apply unless you have genuine Systems Engineering experience of integrating of IT software and hardware.  JOB DESCRIPTION develops engineering solutions to customer problems  Manage the build, testing and commissioning of a system from its inception through to customer acceptance  Takes complex bespoke software and integrates it into a customers servers and hardware systems.  Write and perform factory and site acceptance tests with customers  Work as part of a team to develop new product solutions  Identify, design and implement solutions to engineering problems  Work with the sales team on technical solutions Requirements  Windows desktop operating systems experience  Windows Server operating systems Active Directory  Experience of installing and configuring Software  Experience of Hardware troubleshooting  Should be selfmotivated, must be able to work unsupervised with excellent analytical skills and abilities in faultfinding  Ability to work well in a small close knit team, deliver on commitments and complete work tasks to agreed timescales  Strive to continuously develop knowledge and skills, sharing expertise with other team members  Very good written and verbal communication skills with both internal and external customers  Ideally a degree (****:**** or above) in an engineering discipline combined with practical experience  Acceptance Testing  As a Systems Engineer at the top of your profession you'll find this role to be both challenging and rewarding, whilst providing a brilliant chance to join a growing, successful organisation. The company offer an excellent salary and benefits package as well as great prospects for career progression. Due to the nature of the work at this site, applicants must be capable of achieving SC level UK security clearance. Current clearance is not a requirement. Recruiter Glenn Vickery Glenn.Vickerymatchtech.com www.matchtech.com Linkedin: http://uk.linkedin.com/in/glennvickery To apply for this position, candidates must be eligible to live and work in the UK Matchtech is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.