Title: Development Manager Agile
Webindex: 64830701
Company: Truphone
Description: Development Manager Agile At Truphone, we believe that people and businesses that operate internationally should have the freedom to use their mobiles abroad to call and surf the internet without the fear of being stung by mobile roaming charges. That's why our clever developers worked out a way to build a global mobile network, helping keep conversations going across borders and across time zones. We are looking to recruit an experienced Development Manager to manage and champion the development team and ensure appropriate technical solutions are proposed and developed. This is a new role required because the team is growing. Truphone are established, going places and in an exciting stage of growth.It is a dynamic, busy, fun environment. Responsibilities: To manage a development team of **** Developers (rising to ****), typically front and backend web developers in teams. Produce development support strategies and plan and see them through to completion, utilising general management skills and implementing process improvements within the team. Keep abreast of technical and market trends in relation to the company's product range and contribute to the development of product innovations and new product specifications. Project management.Working with the team to break product requirements into technical epics and subtasks. Reporting to management on productivity and working with other management functions to realise the roadmap, plan releases, etc. Working with the labs QA team to ensure good coding practices are followed, CI systems are utilised, new developments have test cases, etc. The development team is split across two sites, London and new Jersey, and some travel (one trip every 68 weeks) will be required. Skills Required: The successful applicant should have a proven track record as a Development Manager and have most of the following skills attributes: Strong ability to lead, coach and motivate a team of highly talented individuals Experience with shipping high quality server software (ideally on mobile) on time across numerous ship cycles Technical expertise in handling the design challenges of developing scalable and reliable solutions 5 years leading software development teams Experience of agile development methodologies (SCRUM, XP) Proven track record of establishing and maintaining strong crossteam working relationships and collaboration Demonstrated excellence in communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills Demonstrated leadership ability Undergraduate degree in computer science, math, MIS or technical disciplines or equivalent education or experience required Excellent people management and organisation skills. Enthusiasm and passion for technology and keen to learn new skills. Strive to continuously improve the IT systems. This is an outstanding career opening for the right candidate. You will gain fantastic experience working in a fastgrowing and rapidchange business.Salary according to experience in the ****k****k range.Based – City of London.Please email your CV to our retained consultants: truphonehowepure.com . Truphone is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes all talented applicants to apply. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DevelopmentManagerAgile_job****