Title: Lead Website Tester
Webindex: 68447718
Company: Accenture
Description: Lead Website Tester Accenture UK  Outsourcing workforce Location: Chiswick, London (client offices) Salary up to **** depending on level plus excellent benefits package We are currently seeking a Quality Assurance, Website Testing Lead, who is looking for an exciting and challenging career with Accenture  an employer that enables you to make a real difference. What we're looking for? Join an energetic digital media technology team working on building, testing and running end user facing websites for a wellknown and highly respected international broadcaster. The dynamic websites serve a wide range of international channel brands tailored for many different audiences, languages and types of content. You are a passionate web enthusiast who lives and breathes the latest developments in web development, technologies and best practices. You want to work with a diverse range of media industry stakeholders situated around the globe. You don't just want to build the features; you want to determine how they are built to surpass everyone's expectations.  Help us design and build cutting edge features that make the best of content, social media and video to create engaging experiences for the users  Help us to launch new sites and channels, working hand in hand with our international content producers, designers and ad sales teams  Help us to coach promising new developers into the next generation of experts like yourself What's in it for you? Choose Accenture for a career in Website design, where the variety of opportunities and challenges allows you to make a difference every day. Join an organisation that where you can develop your expertise working with the best people worldwide in a dynamic, teamfocused environment. The only place where you can use your skills to provide highquality, longterm services for our Global Fortune **** clients, helping them achieve high performance. If this is your idea of a typical working day, then Accenture is the place to be. We offer a variety of formal and informal training programs at every level to help you acquire and build specialised skills faster to help tailor your career plan. On top of this, we have an extensive benefits package which includes 25 days vacation per year, a gym subsidy, private medical insurance and **** extra days leave per year for charitable work of your choice. Skills Desired:  Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)  this is a client facing role  Web development, web application or web testing skills  Team leadership experience  Previous client facing work experience (e.g. user training, defect resolution)  Trained in using issue/bug tracking software and writing good defect descriptions  Experience in SEO and web analytics data (e.g. Google analytics, Omniture) preferred  Use of open source automated testing software (e.g. Selenium, QuickTest Professional, Watir,) preferred  Experience testing on multiple devices (e.g. mobile, tablet) Please also note that Accenture is an equal opportunities employer and welcomes applications from all sections of society and does not discriminate on grounds of race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Accenture reserves the right to close the role prior to this date should a suitable applicant be found. Closing Date: 20th February