Title: Application Incident Manager
Webindex: 69020776
Company: Advantage Technical Resourcing
Description: The Applications Incident Manager is responsible for: Providing a focus for Incident and operations management in support of the Application Services Manager 1. Operational Responsibilities Provides effective applications support across the enterprise ensuring any software incidents are quickly identified, prioritised, assigned and resolved to ensure the service provided is in line with the required SLAs and business need. Ensures appropriate communication is provided to relevant stakeholders on incident progress. Maintains the Applications within designated area: Ensures applications remain compliant to regulations, etc Ensures all applications are appropriately licensed Ensures that any key maintenance patches / upgrades are appropriately scheduled and on the applications roadmap (defined by the solution architects) Provide effective applications management and guidance to the business (within designated area) to ensure best usage of their applications Works with the business to identify how applications could be maximised, e.g. extended their use through configuration or even development of the applications Proactively provides recommendations to current ways of working within SAS Operations (to better align to the latest industry best practice). Also, supports the implementation and embedding of any changes to current processes. Documents key processes within area of responsibility in a clear and concise way. Actively identifies risks and escalates upwards to ensure appropriate risk mitigation (as appropriate). **** Customers Makes customeroriented decisions and shares great stories of exceptional customer service from SAS Operations. Actively works to establish a good understanding of the needs of the business to deliver a higher quality service to customers. Helps to identify ways in which technology can be used by the business to drive efficiencies and deliver greater value for the customer. **** Leadership and People Management Identifies areas where knowledge held by suppliers needs to be transitioned to SAS Operations. Proactively takes responsibility, owns any issues arising and follows through to resolution. Proactively identifies areas for improvement, shares lessons learnt across SAS Operations and encourages others to do the same. Makes time to coach and mentor other team members as appropriate Experience of providing Oracle EBusiness Suite support (R**** & R****) and have managed the resolution of incidents, problems in a support environment. Solid experience of ITIL and will preferably be certified at v**** foundational level. Experience with Oracle Support to track, manage and resolve issues. Experience of managing escalations and handling stakeholder communications. Experience of being able to balance multiple priorities and workloads both strategically and shortterm Strong experience with application technologies (with expertise in at least one technical area) and how they support specific business functions and provide commercial benefits Experience of identifying and embedding industry best practice into current ways of working Focused on achieving results Some experience of managing ambiguity Some experience of managing suppliers e.g. work packages delivered to a high quality standard Good interpersonal skills that enable working relationships to be developed at all levels across the business and within SAS Operations Advantage xPO is in the top 1% of staffing companies in the world. With a truly global footprint. Advantage xPO specialises in recruitment outsourcing. Working with some of the leading employers around the world, Advantage offers global contract and permanent career opportunities across a wide range of industries and sectors. Advantage xPO: services offered are those of an employment agency for permanent work and/or employment business for the supply of contract/temporary work