Title: Business Intelligence Developer, London, **** , ****  Bonus
Webindex: 68844412
Company: Clear Edge Consulting Ltd
Description: Business Intelligence Developer, London, ****  Bonus. An amazing opportunity has arisen with a truly outstanding business based within London. As a business they have defied the economic downturn and continued to grow. They currently are seeking to expand their Business Intelligence team and hire a Senior BI Developer to join them on a permanent basis. This position has arisen due to expansion; in return for your services you will be paid an annual salary up to **** plus bonus and benefits. The company is a large Microsoft shop so key skills will include solid SQL Server skills. Although its not an absolute requirement the company are also implementing a number of Big Data solutions, which will include Hadoop. This is a great opportunity to learn about new technologies and add new skills to your skill set. Business Intelligence is a very important part of the business so the department has a very healthy budget. You will be given the opportunity to gain Microsoft qualifications and learn new technologies. Monthly technology meetings are also held to discuss new and up coming technologies on the market, any technology news, and so that you can discuss any new ideas. The environment is very important for them so they are looking for people that will be a great team fit. The turn over within the team is very low and one of the best within the industry. They have achieved this by creating a fun environment that promotes learning and advancement in your career. For this role you will need: Essential Skills  Ability to work upon parallel projects to a high standard.  Used to working with high volume, complex systems  Good analytical and problem solving skills  Proven experience in the successful delivery and ongoing maintenance of complex, high performing and high quality software systems  Knowledge of Data Warehousing, ODS, DataMarts, CRM and OLAP concepts and designs Indepth knowledge in most of the following technologies:  TSQL, and the effective use of constraints and Indexes  Expert SSIS Developer; Lookups, Loops, Cache, Events, and Parameterization  SQL Server 2008 R2 Enterprise Edition, including SSAS  Database Table Partitioning and Data Compression  Data Warehousing techniques, methodologies, and data modeling tools There will be a high number of applications for this role so please apply immediately to avoid disappointment.