Title: NET / Web Developer  Clayton West, Huddersfield, West Yorkshire
Webindex: 68807434
Company: Tribepost Ltd
Description: TribePost Ltd are working on behalf of Adare to fill this vacancy. Available vacancy: .NET / Web Developer This position is based in: Clayton West, Huddersfield, West Yorkshire Salary: Circa ****k, DOE Adare is a leading provider of Marketing and Secure Communication Solutions; we work in a wide range of industries including, Retail, Pharmaceutical, Technology, Hospitality Leisure, Public Sector and Financial Services. Main Purpose of Job:  To assist in the development and implementation of web delivered solutions to meet the business requirements for both internal and external clients.  To provide appropriate documentation and information for developed solutions.  To provide appropriate system and user client support.  To observe standards within the department and contribute to their continuous improvement Key requirements: Competencies Required:  Minimum of A level passes in Mathematics and IT or related subjects; a HND or Degree is desirable. Alternatively, relevant professional qualifications or appropriate experience which shows a good working knowledge within the field.  System analysis and design.  Excellent communication skills to fully understand, question and report on work requests.  Good time management with particular reference to business priorities and deadlines.  Accuracy and attention to detail.  Microsoft Office products, both usage and integration with developed solutions.  An understanding of Microsoft Windows Operating systems (server and workstation) Essential Skills /Experience:  Understanding of C language and .NET framework.  Understanding of Web Development technologies on the .NET platform.  Understanding of Web UI technologies such as HTML, CSS and Javascript.  Understanding of SQL Server, database development and design.  Ability and willingness to take on varied work including BAU (business as usual) and new development, and to advise the company on new technologies and techniques.  Ability to explain complex technical concepts in clear language to nontechnical people.  Ability to clearly document work and processes. Desirable Skills / Experience:  Exposure to pre.NET technologies such as COM, VB, C / C++ and Classic ASP  Experience of working within a print environment  Experience of working in a UNIX environment and creating and manipulating scripts to automate regular tasks.  Exposure to industrial print technologies such as VDE, Pres and Emtex. Adare enabling you to communicate with your audience in the most effective and inspiring way. This vacancy is being advertised by TribePost Ltd. The services advertised by TribePost Ltd are those of an Employment Agency. This vacancy would be of interest to job seekers searching for the following vacancies: .Net Developer, Web Developer, System developer, .NET Designer, Web Designer