Title: Unified Communications Consultant Nationwide
Webindex: 72372753
Company: Woodrow Mercer Associates LLP
Description: Cisco, Unified Communications, UCCE, CVP, CCIE, CCDP, Collaboration, Networking, Telecoms, Voice, Flexpod, vBlock, Woodrow Mercer Associates seeks a Cisco Unified Communications consultant experienced working for a solutions provider or IT systems integrator. You will advise from a presales stage to deliver implementation and support services to the client, being technically hands on to deploy the solution. My client has a massive range of clients in terms of size and complexity of projects. You will work on large scale enterprise projects as a result of continuing yet exceptional growth. You will need to have consultancy/architecture experience of designing and leading implementations of UC solutions. This role would would suit someone who wants to make the step up from delivering SME type solutions who wants to start working on larger scale projects. Tasks and duties: Assist clients to devise networking and unified communications strategies Advise the client on network, environmental and voice requirements at presales stage Conducting network readiness testing Management of network engineers during onsite installation Conduct testing and sign off prior to handover to support centre Communicate progress of solution to senior stakeholders within consultancy and client Agree and meet delivery deadlines Nurture a healthy and trusting relationship with the client Technical Requirements: Experience of networking and unified communications strategy development deployment Understanding of high level telecoms and networking principals Strong handson experience with Cisco Unified Contact Centre Enterprise (UCCE) Experience of writing proposals including infrastructure design and technical specification CCDP, CCIE preferable Cisco Unified Customer Voice Portal (CVP) preferable My client is a highly reputable Cisco Unified Communications and Collaboration Partner delivering solutions to Enterprise organisations seeking to communicate better with colleagues, customers and partners. A competitive salary is on offer ranging ****k depending on experience, with excellent benefits including company car and fuel allowance. The location of the role is flexible, working from home with travel required to customer sites. Please get in touch with an updated CV to register your interest.