Title: BDD Testing Programmer
Webindex: 71591649
Company: Session Digital Limited
Description: About Session Digital Session Digital works closely with global retailers and emerging brands to deliver complex ecommerce sites on the Magento Enterprise platform. The team has worked with Magento since **** and has a prestigious and growing roster of established clients from the world of fashion, music, finance, entertainment and technology. Due to continued business growth, Session is now looking for Magento developers to our offices in London. BDD Testing Programmer As a BDD Testing Programmer, you will examine, validate, and test systems, which are predominantly built using open source tools (mainly webbased applications). Your role will involve working with our software engineers, to test the applications we develop. You will do this through both automated and manual testing. At Session we work in the Agile/Scrum methodology. Our Test Engineers will therefore have the opportunity to liaise directly with our customers, refining user stories, acceptance criteria, and key examples, you will either create automated tests for these, or undertake exploratory testing as appropriate. You will learn how the systems work, so that you can identify problems before they become defects. Your contribution will be key in ensuring that each project team delivers working software at the end of each sprint. Responsibilities Getting involved in testing from a BDD stance Provide accurate and precise estimates for projects assigned, along with confidence levels and foreseeable dependencies Performing exploratory testing and ensuring that all sessions are fully captured Delivering automated acceptance criteria Refining user stories, acceptance criteria, and key examples Writing simple to moderatelycomplex code/scripts to develop robust test automation tools and frameworks Taking responsibility for monitoring product development with an eye toward improving testability and the team's ability to deliver working software that satisfies our customers also responsible for guiding, assisting, and motivating your team of developers Required Experience Substantial experience of BDD (Behaviour Driven Development) is mandatory Significant experience in working with Magento projects is mandatory Experience of developing and automating acceptance criteria through the use of open source frameworks. Experience of Selenium is mandatory, experience of FitNesse, Behat, Cucumber, etc. is an advantage Ability to scope and execute performance tests specifically using Apache JMeter Moderate skills in at least one programming language (PHP, Java, etc)  a huge plus Experience in customerfacing environments, educating customers on writing user stories and eliciting their acceptance criteria and key examples Experience in structured exploratory testing and analysis into systems in an organised way to identity any weakness Experience working in an Agile software development environment specifically using Scrum Solid automation experience using the Selenium WebDriver Experience of testing at all layers; presentation (including UI), services, data access, messaging and databases Significant experience in software QA/Test processes Desired Experience Substantial experience of BDD (Behaviour Driven Development) is mandatory Significant experience in working with Magento projects is mandatory Experience of developing and automating acceptance criteria through the use of open source frameworks. Experience of Selenium is mandatory, experience of FitNesse, Behat, Cucumber, etc. is an advantage Ability to scope and execute performance tests specifically using Apache JMeter Moderate skills in at least one programming language (PHP, Java, etc)  a huge plus Experience in customerfacing environments, educating customers on writing user stories and eliciting their acceptance criteria and key examples Experience in structured exploratory testing and analysis into systems in an organised way to identity any weakness Experience working in an Agile software development environment specifically using Scrum Solid automation experience using the Selenium WebDriver Experience of testing at all layers; presentation (including UI), services, data access, messaging and databases Significant experience in software QA/Test processes About You Flexible/adaptable: You’ll be capable of working in a fastchanging environment and have the ability to adapt processes and methodologies, as best suits the situation. Strongly customervalue oriented: You’ll be able to connect and empathise with our clients, seeing things from their perspective when communicating the vision of the project, whilst also retaining the integrity and business values of our company. You’ll focus on causes rather than the symptoms of issues. Creative/innovative: You’ll be capable of stimulating the team and enabling them to come up with creative and effective ideas that simplify development. Collaborative: You’ll be an excellent communicator and facilitator. You’ll help drive the participation of both the customer and development teams, enabling collaboration and successful delivery of projects. Open to diversity: You’ll value everyone's ideas, background, thoughts, and culture. Pragmatic: You’ll have a thorough understanding of purist approaches to testing, yet you’ll be able to adapt these to best fit, doing whatever it takes to get a quality project delivered. Graduate: You’ll have an undergraduate degree or equivalent, ideally in a computer related subject Apply What We Offer You have an amazing opportunity to join an exciting, dynamic company and work on a variety of challenging projects for blue chip companies alongside the best in the industry. You will receive up to **** conference and **** training days per annum. We run a childcare voucher scheme and you will be eligible to join our private health insurance scheme after one year’s service. Is this you? Please send your CV, and details of your current salary/package and employment status (with details of necessary notice period, if relevant) to . All communication will be treated as confidential.