Title: Test Automation Engineer
Webindex: 67885773
Company: Monarch Recruitment
Description: Senior Test Automation Engineer Permanent, London. Keywords: QA, Tester, test engineer, automation test analyst, .net, c. WPF, Trading, agile, automated, QTP, Test Complete, Quality Assurance, Tester C senior automation specialist. This is a fantastic opportunity for you to move into the financial trading arena. This company are growing quickly and there is plenty of opportunity to be part of shaping the products and development processes within this trading solutions provider. They operate within a creative environment, casual dress, free food and give you an allowance of time to work on pet projects of your choice. This company are looking for a senior automation engineer to take the lead in building a QA system for a .NET WPF trading platform. This is a new role for a young project, so you will still be leading the process of designing the QA approach and have the choice of suitable toolsets. Responsibilities: • Leading the test automation for a .net WPF trading platform • Develop end to end graphical user interface • Responsible for the acceptance testing in an agile environment from specification to test execution and reporting. • Select and develop the appropriate testing methods • Ensure proper version control and configuration management of all tests. Essential requirements: • BSc in Computing or Computer Science or similar technical subject • A minimum of 2 years automation experience with WPF applications using a test automation tool, i.e. TestComplete or QTP etc • C experience Desirable skills: • Writes codes for fun • Keeps up to date with technology • Knowledge of CI systems and revision control • Experience with agile methodologies • Knowledge of the finance industry. QA, Tester, test engineer, automation test analyst, .net, c. WPF, Trading, agile, automated, QTP, Test Complete, Quality Assurance, Tester C senior automation specialist. If this position sounds like a good fit and you would be interested in applying, then please do send through your updated application.