Title: Infrastructure & Networking Engineer (linux, cisco, server)
Webindex: 71760933
Company: Premier Group Recruitment
Description: Title: Infrastructure Specialist Office: London Salary : **** **** Sector : Creative My top creative client is urgently looking for a forward thinking senior engineer who has a passion for technology and experience with the following. Brief description?You will have an extensive knowledge IP Networks and multiplatform server environments. This position entails support and development of the company's network and server infrastructure with a high focus on end user service and security. Responsibilities: Network 'Assist with maintaining and managing company firewalls 'Management of the company's wired and wireless networks including problem resolution and handling change requests. 'Management of physical security systems that fall under the IT team's remit. Servers 'Provisioning new systems and resolving any issues that may arise. 'Testing and rolling out updates to software with a particular emphasis on security updates. 'Ensuring that adequate backups of data are kept both on and off site and that backup and restore processes are regularly tested. 'Regularly checking logs and servers to ensure they are properly patched and dealing with any 'issues. Requirements: 'Excellent IP network skills including managing switches, wireless networks, routing protocols and VoIP. 'Cisco or Juniper experience a advantage. 'Good knowledge of IT security with strong experience working with firewalls and exposure to IDS and 'IPS 'Excellent knowledge of Linux (Ubuntu) and Windows server environments including Active Directory, 'DNS, file sharing protocols and web server configuration. 'Strong experience working in a virtualised environment (VMWare). 'Good knowledge of SAN technologies including iSCSI, NFS and fibre channel. Knowledge of Stornext 'based SANs also and advantage. 'Experience in managing an enterprise level email system. 'Knowledge of Mac and IOS devices advantageous Please submit all CV's to jdeypremierlondon.co.uk Premier is acting as a recruitment agency with regards to this role. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/InfrastructureNetworkingEngineerlinuxciscoserver_job****