Title: Net Developer / C Developer
Webindex: 68181479
Company: Ikhoi Recruitment
Description: My client a very successful online retailer, is looking for a .Net Developer / C Developer who is passionate about delivering successful IT solutions and keen to cut their teeth in a large software development team. This is a great opportunity to join a growing and vibrant team in the fastpaced world of retail and ecommerce. Experience as a .net developer / C developer: Experience in developing applications using Microsoft .Net is essential. Proven track record of commercial software development experience using Microsoft .Net and / C.net. Knowledge of Object Orientated Analysis and Design, UML and design patterns. Proven track record of commercial experience using SQL server and TSQL. A good understanding of the principles of database design and the associated challenges. Competent in the use of MS Word, MS Excel and Visio. Microsoft MVC experience is highly desirable. ASP.Net is not mandatory but it is highly useful Responsibilities and Duties as a .Net Developer / C Developer. Interpret written business requirements and specification documents. Perform coding specifications. Investigate, analyse and document reported system defects. Perform maintenance programming and correction of identified system defects. Create, document, and implement unit test plans, scripts, and test harnesses. Create and maintain technical documentation. Engage in all aspects of the software development lifecycle in accordance with commercial requirements and organisational standards. Establish and maintain detailed knowledge of business processes and associated software applications (including those supplied by third parties), tools, data feeds and application interfaces. Perform project estimation, proofofconcept, testing, training, product rollout, and production support. Report on progress and status as required to management and support maintenance of Project Plans. Ensure project artifacts are complete and comprehensive, adhering to standards and guidelines for project management and delivery. This is a great opportunity for a .Net Developer / C Developer to join a company passionate about technology