Title: Service Monitoring Design and Support Engineer (DV Cleared)
Webindex: 66386981
Company: FUJITSU   LORIEN PLC
Description: Job Title: DV Cleared Service Monitoring Design and Support Engineer Location: Hook, Reading, Basingstoke Salary: Negotiable dependant on experience Skills required: DV, Developed Vetting, Clearance, Service Monitor, Design, Support, Windows Server, Radia, Tivoli, Netcool, Veritas, Netbackup About Fujitsu Fujitsu UK and Ireland is a leading IT systems, services and products company employing **** people with an annual revenue of **** billion. Its business is in enabling its customers to realise their objectives by exploiting information technology through its integrated product and service portfolio. This includes consulting, applications, systems integration, managed services and product for customers in the private and public sectors including retail, financial services, telecoms, and government, defence and consumer sectors. Service Monitoring Design and Support Engineer (DV Cleared) This will be a permanent position to be based in Hook, Hampshire. Candidates also considered that would consider a base of Basingstoke or Reading, Berkshire. Candidates must be flexible and willing to travel. All applicants must have current DV Clearance (Developed Vetting) as a minimum. This role will be to work on Defence and National Security projects. As a Service Monitoring Design and Support Engineer (DV Cleared) your main responsibilities will involve: • Working within the Technical Design team, working with the Senior Designer to develop and integrate the design for the SM Tools aspects of the Technical Design from the proposed highlevel solution for a major new enterprise infrastructure development and deployment. As a Service Monitoring Design and Support Engineer (DV Cleared) your skills qualifications will include: • Current DV Clearance (Developed Vetting) as a minimum. • Windows Server **** Radia, AD, GPO Deployment. • Experience in developing the SM Tools elements of Defence IT systems. • Enterprise System Management Toolsets and Service Management Tools. • Service Monitoring and reporting Tools. • Patch and Remote Deployment Tools. • Disaster Recovery Facilities. • Tivoli/NetCool. • Backup and replication (e.g. Veritas, NetBackup or similar). As a Service Monitoring Design and Support Engineer (DV Cleared) desirable skills and qualifications could include: • CA ServiceDesk. What we are looking for in you: Fujitsu is primarily a “People Company” and its success is built on the skills, knowledge and expertise of its people. The role requires a selfstarter with good communication skills with the ability to build and maintain relationships with customers and stakeholders. In return we will offer a comprehensive training programme within a supportive team with the opportunity to progress. The Benefits This is a unique chance to work with a global organisation who can offer a great career path and generous benefits package: • Competitive salary on application. • Car Allowance. • 25 days paid holiday. • Up to 10% pension scheme. • Up to 10% bonus scheme. • Private medical care. • Training and career progression possibilities. Diversity Fujitsu is fully committed to the development of a diverse workforce. Therefore applications for employment are always fully considered, irrespective of gender, ethnic origin, race, faith, sexual orientation or parttime status. For more information and to get a detailed job specification for the role, please apply on line today or call Stephanie Bicker on **** **** **** or send your CV into stephanie.bickerlorien.co.uk Lorien Resourcing is acting as an employment agency on behalf Fujitsu in relation to this vacancy.