Title: Infrastructure Support Manager up to ****k  Bens
Webindex: 72325135
Description: Infrastructure Support Manager Permanent Coventry Up to ****k  excellent benefits FTSE 100 Infrastructure / SAP Infrastructure / SAP Support / Maintenance / Systems / Manager / SAP / Oracle / Unix / Solaris / ITIL / Project Manager A leading FTSE 100 organisation who are experiencing significant growth in their IT division currently requires an experience Infrastructure Support Manager with a strong understanding of SAP infrastructure. Based in the heart of the city with innovative green new offices, the client are heavily investing in IT so it really is an excellent time to be joining them. The Job:  Excellent opportunity to join a leading, FTSE 100 utilities company managing and maintaining the SAP infrastructure.  Develop, maintain and promote SAP Infrastructure maintenance plans  Manage teams of infrastructure specialists  Responsibility for the ongoing maintenance plan  Reporting into the the head of information systems  Working with 3rd party suppliers to insure a consistent approach to the IT infrastructure  Manage virtual and in house teams of infrastructure specialists  Overall contribution to IS infrastructure best practices and governance. Skills Required:  Good understanding of SAP infrastructure at an Enterprise level  Experience of infrastructure and architecture work in the area of call centres using technologies like SAP, Oracle, Unix, Solaris Avaya, Scada CRM, contact centre or other telephony / crm softwares.  Experience of configuring, implementing, developing and supporting complex solutions with a value in excess of 1 million.  Excellent strategic technical knowledge, strong architectural and strategic skills  Alignment skills between business and technical areas  including development methods and tools  Data/Process Analysis/Modelling  Strong communication skills and be able to communicate with senior stakeholder both client side and consultancy. Benefits include  Bonus, Pension, Healthcare, 28 days holiday, Life assurance, Shares, flexible hours and flexible benefits. If you want to work in a cutting edge environment working with the most innovative technologies in the market then this really is the role and company for you. My client can offer excellent career prospects and benefits also. This role is central Coventry with excellent public transport routes meaning it is commutable from most areas of the midlands including  Coventry, Birmingham, Leicester, Nottingham, Stoke, Stafford, Northampton plus others. To be considered send your most up to date CV either by clicking the button below or direct to Click here to contact this recruiter the deadline for submission is ****/1 so act quickly if interested. Rullion Computer Personnel Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy