Title: Change Analyst
Webindex: 65171522
Description: Change Analyst Location: Weybridge Salary: Up to **** Capita Secure Information Solutions (CSIS) is a market leading developer and supplier of communications and IT systems across the Public Safety and Criminal Justice sectors. Through the successes of our various product and service offerings, we have developed an indepth understanding of the special operational and communication needs of the emergency services. This role sits within Enterprise Services Business Unit, providing the core IT services that support our company and our customers, in particular Change Management control in accordance with the requirements of the ISO20K standard.The Change Management Analyst is directly responsible for: The effective implementation of the Change Management process using controlled processes, procedures and tools. Providing support and justification of Change Management principles, processes and procedures, including provision of training to users where necessary. Updating and maintaining the Change Management System, ensuring that data quality and accuracy is of the highest standard against stated SLA/OLAs and Customer Satisfaction Survey levels. Ensuring timely provision of Management Information for Daily Weekly Forward Schedule of Change (FCS) to all key stakeholders (including external customers). Delivering Service Reporting and Executive Summaries Timely preparation of accurate change data and progress on actions for Change Mgt attendance at Weekly Incident Management Review (IMR)  communication of the 'IMC' cause codes review, failed / unauthorized changes and Status **** Incidents and other daily/weekly and Ad Hoc reviews and reports The management and timely stewardship of all Change Requests throughout the change management lifecycle ensuring that all are delivered in the correct manner Raising and formal tracking of Change Mgt issues; timely update with key stakeholders on progress Provision of weekly progress report for Change Mgr review. Chair CAB/ECABs in the event that the Change Manager is unavailable. Essential skills and experience Significant demonstrable experience of administering and delivering Change Management control within a **** mission critical environment OR extensive experience in other Service Mgt Functions with considerable exposure to and/or training in Change Management. ITIL certified The successful candidate must be eligible for SC clearance (i.e. resident in the UK for at least the last 5 years) Desirable skills and experience ITIL Foundation Certificate (Green Badge) Personal Attributes Excellent communication and negotiation skills (both written and verbal) The ability to deliver against objectives and highlight any delays or issues in a responsible manner The drive and ambition to achieve the desired outcome and surpass expectations wherever possible The ability to prioritise own workload to ensure the timely delivery of the change/project in an efficient and effective manner Capita Resourcing welcome applications from all suitably qualified people regardless of gender, race, disability, age or sexual orientation. Capita Resourcing is a trading name of Capita Resourcing Ltd. Services offered are those of an Employment Agency and Employment Business. Applicants will be required to register with us.