Title: Knowledge Manager (PMO Administrator)
Webindex: 70781445
Company: Clearchoice Careers
Description: Our client, a leading innovator in the mobile industry has an exciting opportunity for a Knowledge Management individual to join as PMO Administrator. With over **** staff spread over 8 countries, you will support the PMO and their team of Project Managers. PMO Administrator  Responsibilities Main Responsibilities  Create and implement knowledge strategies to help drive knowledge across organisation through the promotion of tools and processes which increase information flow and sharing of best practice.  Promote knowledge sharing, open communications and networking within the organisation. This includes looking at how we develop our internal networks and use these to share knowledge with others.  Help ensure that information and knowledge assets are identified, interpreted and disseminated across the organisation to build expertise and selfhelp areas.  Maintain a knowledge database using current wiki site and other tools (e.g. MS SharePoint) of information that is easily usable by the organisation  Drive Support Continuous Improvement initiatives and knowledge transfer  Report regularly on knowledge management  To create an organisation library of information that is properly catalogued and maintained Additional Responsibilities  To manage the Programmes Team weekly reporting cycle  To directly manage the Programmes Team information  Identify and negotiate appropriate development opportunities. Skills and Experiences  Experience in creating and implementing Knowledge Management  Understanding of best practice knowledge management  Excellent computing skills including MS Project, Word, Excel and PowerPoint  Sharepoint knowledge  Excellent oral and written communication skills  Ability to take notes at meetings and produce concise and accurate minutes and reports  Excellent time management skills  Familiar with wiki's and MS Project Qualities  Experience of collating and presenting information in a variety of formats to different audiences  Understanding of quantitative and qualitative research methods  Specialist knowledge of using web platforms for interactive communication and engagement within a global organisation  Specialist experience and knowledge of disseminating complex information to nonanalytical staff  Experience of building a remote team using existing resources which have competing priorities  Understanding of data security and confidentiality issues (as required)  Ability to communicate effectively and engage with a wide range of people  Organised and logical  Strong selfmotivation and flexible teamplayer  Ability to multitask and prioritise between tasks  Ability to remain calm under pressure Qualifications  Essential: Degree in a subject area with a significant amount of analytical, research content and report writing (e.g. social sciences, statistics) or equivalent or evidence of continued professional development  Essential: Specialist knowledge in knowledge management techniques acquired through post graduate diploma level or equivalent relevant experience.  Essential: A good understanding of Document Management Solutions and or CMS (Content Management Systems) experience  Beneficial: CIPD or equivalent qualification in Knowledge Management. You will be required to work 9am to 5.30pm, Monday to Friday. However, you may often need to work extra hours as and when the role requires it. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/KnowledgeManagerPMOAdministrator_job****