Title: Teradata Consultant
Webindex: 68496335
Company: IntaPeople
Description: Teradata Consultant (LDM and PDM positions also available) London **** **** package (including excellent benefits package) Intapeople have an excellent opportunity for a top notch consultant to work for a market leading practice in the Teradata space. The required candidate will have a strong MPP database background and will be an excellent client facing person with the ability to liaise with people at all levels. Job Description: The successful applicant will be responsible for managing the Teradata environments and helping to identify the causes of substandard performance. Remit:  Refining the standards, policies and processes for managing the production and nonproduction environments to ensure resource usage is adequate for development projects and live services.  Working with DBAs to ensure use of storage, memory, cpu, etc. is monitored, optimised and any capacity issues identified well before they impact development or live service.  Helping to refine existing or introduce new methods of monitoring or diagnostics to improve the performance delivered to projects and live services.  Working with development project physical data modellers and ETL designers to ensure data structures, load processes, semantic views and queries are efficiently written. Personal Profile:  Experience of multiple Teradata environments with large development workloads and production user bases.  Experience in both development and system management roles.  Deep knowledge of the Teradata technology, optimisation, management and tuning.  Deep knowledge of the utilities available to manage and monitor a Teradata EDW. We are also looking for Teradata Physical Data Modellers and Logical Data Modellers with the following credentials. Proven experience in developing complex logical and/or Physical data models Client facing role delivering BI solutions Ability to interpret business requirements in terms of conceptual and logical data model design Demonstrable technical expertise in Datawarehouse design Extensive use of common modelling tools (Erwin is especially advantageous) If you are a Teradata professional and are keeping an open mind as to new opportunities please get in touch. 'The services advertised by IntaPeople are those of an Employment Agency and an Employment Business'