Title: Infor LN Systems Specialist
Webindex: 67652468
Company: Catch Resource Management
Description: Infor LN Systems Specialist PC, Systems, Administrator, Servers, Windows, NT, XP, Desktop, Active Directory , ITIL, VMWARE, Citrix, Infrastructure, Data Centre , XenApp, Windows Terminal Server  Belgium  **** Our global client has a requirement for an Info LN Systems Specialist to ensure the continuing success of their IT infrastructure. The EMEA infrastructure team is part of the global infrastructure team and there will be opportunities to drive global infrastructure projects forward. Key Skills: Proven working experience of at least 5  years in managing server, network and datacenter IT infrastructure environments. Strong knowledge of networks, wide area networks, VPN solutions, switches/router configurations. Strong knowledge of server hardware, server operating systems and virtualisation technologies. Strong knowledge of PC s, desktop operating systems and virtualisation technologies. Understanding of ITIL concepts. Windows Server Family OS (Windows NT, 2000, **** ****). Windows Desktop Family OS (Windows 2000, XP, ****). Windows Active Directory Services, GPO. IP networking: LAN/WAN, DNS, DHCP. VMware products, VMware vSphere, VMware ESXi. Citrix XenApp s Degree in Computer Science or more than 5 years experience in IT Infrastructure, Architecture and support. Location: Antwerp, Belgium Catch Resource Management is a leading provider of skilled ERP, Java, Sharepoint and .NET resources to both end users and also to product suppliers/authors. Our consultants deliver a completely professional resourcing service, always backed up by our team of ERP specialists who are all experienced in full project life cycle implementation and support, thus ensuring that we fully understand our clients requirements and our candidates skills. If you have the relevant skills and experience for this position we would welcome your application, however please note that we receive high levels of responses to our advertisements so can only immediately respond to those that are a close match. However, if you are interested in hearing about similar positions then please register on our website: (url removed). Catch Resource Management Ltd. operates as an employment agency and employment business