Title: Datacentre Solutions Architect Unified Comms, Networking
Webindex: 71760950
Company: Woodrow Mercer Recruitment
Description: Cisco, Unified Communications, Datacentre, Lync, TelePresence, TDA, presales, UCCE, CVP, CCIE, CCDP, Collaboration, Voice, VOIP, Routers, Switches Woodrow Mercer Associates seeks a Data centre Solutions Architect with experience working for a solutions provider or IT systems integrator. You will be responsible for architecture of unified communications and networking solutions for a range of enterprise level clients and large scale projects. My client is a top tier IT Solutions provider, recruiting due to significant growth in the field. They are market leaders, the pinnacle of working within Unified Communications, with the highest accreditations from all of the leading vendors. Tasks and Duties: Work directly with customers and vendors to identify innovative solutions and actively apply those solutions Evaluate existing workflow and recommend alternatives Minimize client productivity loss caused by technology outages Assist in creating and documenting policies and procedures Provide ongoing information to management, clients, and peers regarding health of the environment, enhancements, innovations and solutions Provide detailed and effective communication to internal team and clients Understand SLAs in a production environment and proactively strive to meet the commitments Provide senior level support to Service Account Managers, Project Managers and product developers Planning meetings and client meetings Ability to write proposals and technical documentation Client consultation including assessing and recommending architectural designs changes to client systems in response to performance issues, growth requirements Technical Requirements Demonstrate knowledge of the market and competitive trends in Datacentre Infrastructure / Managed Services Strong knowledge of network topologies CCIE Routers Switches Preferred Strong Knowledge of Unified Communications Solutions including Cisco, Lync, Checkpoint, Juniper Handson experience in a large Data Centre environment is essential. Strong organizational, analytical, and problem solving skills. Customer Service focused and a high level of professionalism. Ability to consistently follow policies and procedures. Strong communication and documentation skills. Ability to prioritize work and handle multiple tasks simultaneously in a fast paced, diverse and growthoriented environment. Must have good time management skills and be able to meet rigid and urgent assignment schedules. The role will predominantly be based in London. A basic salary in the region of ****k is on offer, with excellent benefits including company car, annual bonus and fuel allowance. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/DatacentreSolutionsArchitectUnifiedCommsNetworking_job****