Title: Graduate IT Business Developer
Webindex: 68181557
Company: 1st Place
Description: Graduate IT Business Developer Salary: **** 1st Year OTE **** Location: Central London Sector: IT The Company With every passing moment the world becomes a smaller and smaller place. The evolution of smart technology brings companies closer, not only to their employees and investors, but to their customers. With the rapid advancement of smart technology and devices the importance of a company s ability to connect easily with the world on any device, in any place and at any time has become critical if they are to stay ahead of the competition in their sector. Since ****1 alone visits to company websites via smart devices has trebled in a space of a year, showing the importance that businesses must invest in their IT and communication technology to make sure they don t fall behind their competition. And one of the ways this is done is through API s (Application Programming Interface). Every person in the world today, be them young or old, has used an application that runs of an API be it on the Internet or a smart device. In a nutshell an API is the interface implemented by an application which allows other applications to communicate with it. An excellent example is Twitter. Most people prefer their favourite Twitter account, for example their phone App, instead of the web interface. You can interact with Twitter whether you are using a mobile phone, a smart phone, an iPod or a computer. This has been made possible by Twitters API. API s basically allow companies to manage their people, applications, time and costs easier whilst increasing their reach and revenues. The world is going through a new change that we ve all seen but never taken a step back to appreciate. We are moving speedily away from the world of the internet to the wold of the Apps with no end in sight. There are roughly 1 billion browsers on the internet today but there are an estimated 1 trillion devices each running a number of Apps proving the inevitable shift towards the world of the App and therefore API s. This is where my client comes in. My client is the leading API platform for enterprises and developers in the world today working with clients such as Twitter, Netflix and Dell and are looking to expand their UK sales team here in London. So if you are looking to join an industry leading company in one of the rising fields within the IT sector then this is the perfect company for you. The Role My Client is currently in need of extremely selfmotivated individuals to join their team as Business Developers. The Business Developers primary function is to put their sales team in touch with the right people at the right companies. Your role would include: sales territory creation, basic company and prospect research, outbound calling, and introductory appointment setting. The successful candidate will be ready and eager to work hard so as to reap the rewards. A resilient nature, with ambition and a hunger for success coupled with strong communication skills and the ability to listen, learn and adapt are essential. The rewards this company offer means those who are money motivated will thrive. Finally, tenacity and resilience to set backs will stand you in a good stead with a company who are set to become a house hold name worldwide. The client is looking for a minimum of a 2.1 from a respected university in any degree though. A second language or previous sales experience is not necessary but would be preferred. If this all stems from a want to be in charge of one s own earnings and a desire for success, send your CV forward for consideration quoting reference ****PGRHBAA to set you on track to begin an exciting and rewarding career in IT Sales