Title: IT Audit executive  Bristol
Webindex: 58533052
Company: Absolute Solution Ltd
Description: IT Audit Executive Experience: Essential: • Technical awareness and auditing experience of common operating systems, financial applications, and underlying databases. • Evidence of experience in IT auditing and risk management, with both corporate and public sector clients • Evidence of experience of preparing and delivering presentations. Desirable: • Experience in applying Computer Assisted Audit Tools (CAATs) such as IDEA/ACL on audit engagements. • Technical awareness of specific Enterprise Resource Planning systems. such as SAP, Oracle EBS, and Microsoft Dynamics AX. • Awareness and experience in applying recognised IT audit/governance frameworks such as Cobit, ITIL,Prince **** • Experience of assessing Information Governance within the NHS sector, in particular, experience of working with the Information Governance toolkit. • Experience of working within the local government sector and exposure to council tax and revenue collection systems. • Awareness of Government information security guidelines, in particular, Code of Connection for local government bodies. Overall Role Purpose Provide the advice necessary to help both internal and external audit clients manage IT risk. To deliver objective, valueadded solutions that will enable clients to strengthen IT internal controls and governance processes, implement sound organisational strategies, increase technological capabilities and improve their operational efficiency. To work as part of the team, effectively providing a hands on advisory service that exceeds client expectations and supports the Partner/Senior Manager team. Main responsibilities Markets • attends external events to create networks and potential new opportunities • involved in office marketing events, is an 'ambassador' of the firm demonstrating knowledge of its products and services • develops contacts within other service lines in the firm Clients • responsible for building and maintaining good working relationships with all clients • assists manager in developing audit committee papers • develops informal networks to keep abreast of emerging issues People • is an approachable and respected member of the team who takes a proactive interest in the team's performance and well being • assists in staff development, motivating and coaching trainees by giving regular feedback and promptly competing assignment appraisals • inputs to all assignment appraisals for junior staff, and also completes self job appraisal and sixmonthly forms on a timely basis • attends training courses as identified in order to develop both technical and personal skills and keeps records for CPD purposes • adheres to firm's risk management policies Operations and results Planning • Prepares draft terms of reference/audit planning document prior to meeting the client ensuring any revisions are processed • agrees first draft of assignment budget for review with manager/ partner and/or client • creates new and reviews existing work programmes to align delivery to terms of reference Fieldwork • overseas and performs fieldwork as applicable to review • documents field work in line with the firms methodologies • discusses issues as they arise with the internal team and with client management • ensures all review points in working papers are addressed/processed where directed Completion • produces close out documentation and leads the closeout meetings with the client • sets expectations for production of draft report to team. Also ensure draft report is of high standard prior to submission to a manager • ensures all manager review points and client comments are addressed into final deliverables • ensures file is completed in line with the firms methodology prior to submission to a manager • reviews evidence and makes appropriate adjustments to action tracker or equivalent Results • monitors time incurred and undertakes analysis as the project progresses to assist the manager as appropriate takes responsibility for personal efficiency Person Specification Education/qualifications Essential: • Maths and English Language at GCSE or equivalent • Undergraduate degree or equivalent with a minimum **** class • Relevant IT audit qualification (CISA,QiCA,CISM etc) or in training. Or accounting qualifications Desirable: • Professional Accounting qualification (ACA, ACCA) Additional information: There are vacancies in both Bristol and London, travel to client sites will be required. You will be auditing operating systems and databases. Ideally you will have either IT audit qualifications of accountancy qualifications with IT audit experience. Bristol salary levels: ****k – in training with commercial experience or qualifications with no experience. ****k – Exec level, qualifications with commercial experience.