Title: Informatica ETL Developer
Webindex: 66923281
Company: CPS Group Cardiff
Description: Our large financial services client are looking for strong Informatica ETL Developer The role is to design, agree and support the implementation of ETL strategies, developments and solutions across the Groups Data Warehouse infrastructure, enabling timely and effective financial reporting and decision making within the organisation. Ensuring high quality, efficient ETL design and development is undertaken in the context of multiple, high pressure projects running in parallel. Responsibilities Responsible for the ETL design strategy for the Group Data Warehouse infrastructure, ensuring the implemented ETL processes are coherent, efficient and supports the strategy for data architecture within Information Management. Act as the ETL technical design expert for new projects and developments, working with BI architects to propose high level solutions that effectively meet business need. Proactively identify improvements required within existing Warehouse solutions and work with Senior Developers to propose and plan redesign work. Provide an interface between the BI Data and Strategy Architect and the development team to ensure the development lifecycle and documentation standards for Data Warehouse developments fit with ETL development processes and are fully embedded into the team(s). Maintain a high technical knowledge of ETL tools and techniques and a broad awareness of advances in the market place. Use this knowledge to inform and influence internal Data Warehouse design decisions. Own the Development Community of Interest (COI), managing, planning and implementing activities and deliverables identified within the group. Mentor the ETL development team, providing technical support and facilitating knowledge sharing and best practice. Undertake ETL, Universe and application development as required, delivering to time, budget and quality and flagging issues and exceptions in a timely manner. Essential Skills Skilled in the use of all Informatica components, including Power Centre, Power Exchange (IMS and flatfile) and Metadata Manager. Good verbal and written communication skills enabling effective interaction with both IT and Business stakeholders. Organised (work management of self and others) and selfmotivated. Ability to assimilate technical and business information and to help translate these into practical solutions. Ability to positively challenge existing and proposed solutions and present designs and ideas in a clear, concise way. Excellent understanding of Data Warehouse methodologies. Good understanding of the Informatica Velocity methodology. Familiarity with software solution development lifecycles Experience of Performance Tuning Informatica Power Centre mappings and workflows. Experience of using Oracle and UDB as the underlying RDMS within BI environments. Desirable Skills: Informatica Data Integration Certification. Conversant in the use of Oracle SQL. Business Objects universe design and report development capability. Ability to design Logical/Physical Data Models. Knowledge of data management and architecture techniques. Data use in financial services environments. Experience in designing architecture models and principles in BI environments. Familiarity with Financial Services Benefits Salary of between **** and **** per annum (depending on location and experience) Annual performance related pay review and bonus Defined contribution pension scheme. 28 days holiday per annum. CPS Group (UK) Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy