Title: IT Manager / Programme Manager
Webindex: 72479392
Company: TEKsystems
Description: My client is a global consultancy with offices distributed across various global locations. They have been working on a large amount of projects recently which involve streamlining the internal processes and internal systems which are in place. They now require an experienced and credible Programme Manager or IT Manager who can take overall ownership for a global Intranet project. You will have overall responsibility for designing and building the businesses road map, working with all internal stakeholders to gain successful buy in as well as ensuring that all members of the project team are completing their projects to the highest standard. You will be responsible for a budget of 4m with a team size of **** it is important that you have budgets and teams of this size. They are a Microsoft specialist organisation so it is essential that you have a background and experience of working in a Microsoft environment. Typical technology used is C, ASP.Net, .Net and SQL. To be successful at this role you will need to ensure that you have a consistent track record of in the following ares; Budget control Team leadership/management Global project experience Stakeholder management In return my client can offer you the opportunity to work for a global brand with large project exposure and ownership. They can offer a competitive salary along with a bonus and full benefits package. If this sounds like you or you would like to know more information please contact me directly on rlaughlinteksystems.co.uk or **** **** **** Allegis Group Limited and Aston Carter Limited operate Employment Businesses and Agencies and are companies within the Allegis Group Inc. group of companies, the fourth largest staffing company in the world, (collectively referred to as the Allegis Group ). TEKsystems and Aerotek are divisions of Allegis Group Limited. Applicant data will be treated in accordance with the Allegis Group s Privacy Notice URL removed By submitting personal data to any company or division within the Allegis Group, the applicant is providing explicit consent to the use of such data by the Allegis Group and to the transfer of such data to and from the Allegis Group companies within the UK, Europe and outside the European Economic Area in connection with the fulfilment of the applicant s voluntary requests, and the fulfilment of other job opportunities that match the applicant s profile, and confirms that they may be contacted about such job opportunities.