Title: SQL, Excel, SAS Data Analyst
Webindex: 71594213
Company: Essential Recruitment
Description: SQL, Excel, SAS Data Analyst SQL, Excel, SAS Data Analyst  Teradata, SAS, SQL, Statistical Analysis, Risk Analysis, Ecommerce  London  ****k  bonus  Benefits Company: This role represents an outstanding opportunity to join a highlysuccessful global Ecommerce organisation with a worldwide business base and a heavy emphasis on MI/Data Analysis. SAS and SQL toolsets are a key feature of my client's substantial focus on project analytics in the areas of Risk, Insight and MI. SQL, Excel, SAS Data Analyst Role: The role is focussed primarily on the design and development of a wide variety of SQL, Excel and SAS applications on a Teradata database to inform business strategy and decisionmaking. The post carries responsibility for contributing to a substantial amount of datacentric Risk projects concurrently and each often has rapidlyevolving timelines. SQL, Excel, SAS Data Analyst Skills and Experience: Excellent knowledge of Excel and SQL is essential and experience of working with SAS and a Teradata database would be ideal. You should have 3 years' commercial experience in a SQL, Excel, SAS, Teradata role after graduation and your Degree should be a good Honours Degree in a numerate or related discipline. Strong communication skills (both written and verbal) will be required as you will deal directly with internal customers in this role. The ability to grasp new concepts and to work on a number of Risk analytics projects concurrently will also be required. SQL, Excel, SAS Data Analyst  Teradata, SAS, SQL, Statistical Analysis, Risk Analysis, Ecommerce  London  ****k  bonus  Benefits How To Apply: To apply for the SQL, Excel, SAS Data Analyst role, please contact Quentin Cullen or email your CV. Key Words: SQL, Excel, SAS, Teradata, SPSS, Data Analysis, Analytics, Insight, BI, MI, Risk, London About Essential: Essential Recruitment is a specialist IT recruitment business with an indepth understanding of the rapidlychanging nature of the IT market. We build longterm relationships with our clients and candidates based on our core values of Trust, Integrity and Delivery.