Title: Senior Statistician  PhD  Edinburgh
Webindex: 68695903
Company: Paramount Recruitment Med Comms, PR & Advertising
Description: Senior Statistician  Edinburgh  Lifesciences:  Are you a Senior Statistician looking for a more challenging opportunity in the Scientific Industry?  Fancy applying your statistical expertise across projects with the biotechnology, pharmaceutical and health economic sectors? If so… then this could be the dream position that you are looking for A truly unique opportunity has become available for a senior statistician within a leading scientific consultancy in Edinburgh. Our client is prestigious player within the Life sciences industry and known for providing a whole host of services solutions across the Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical sector. Utilising your technical knowhow, the senior statistician will have the opportunity to apply a wide range of statistical techniques to complex problems across diverse areas of life sciences research. This role is perfect for an ambitious personality who thrives in sharing their ideas and problems with a small/specialist division. To succeed in this post, the senior statistician must be passionate about problem solving and innovation, enjoy being challenged and have the ability to work both independently and as part of a team. The ideal applicant will be educated to a Msc or PhD level in a statistical or mathematical discipline, with a solid grounding in SAS, STATA and R libraries. It is essential that you have excellent verbal and written communication skills and confident in your ability to project manage and liaise with clients across multidisciplinary areas. Previous commercial experience as a statistician is to be expected  within a lifesciences company would be highly advantageous. The ability to communicate complex ideas clearly and concisely to nonstatisticians, both orally and in writing is a definite must Rewards include a fantastic starting salary and endless career progression opportunities. Our client has clear expansion plans for 2013 and hoping to identify an experienced statistics professional to share the success of their company. Other benefits include a generous holiday allowance, share option scheme and friendly office environment. If you feel you have what it takes, then contact Kieron McDaid at Paramount Recruitment on **** ****eywords: SAS, Statistics, Splus, Data Analysis, Project Manager, Edinburgh, Stata, MetaAnalysis, Bayesian Techniques, GLP guidelines, R, Biostatistician, PhD. Paramount Recruitment Limited provides services as an agency and an employment business. We regularly have similar roles in this area. Please see our website for details or send your CV in to us to find out the latest opportunities. This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/SeniorStatisticianPhDEdinburgh_job****