Title: BCM and Compliance Manager
Webindex: 69959218
Company: Arm Ltd.
Description: Introduction ARM is a global leader in the technology field and offers a world class environment in which enthusiasm, innovative ideas and new perspectives from high calibre professionals will be allowed and actively encouraged to grow and develop. ARM technology has enabled the shipment of nearly 20 billion ARM processorbased chips into a diverse range of digital electronic products, including more than 95% of mobile phones shipped today. Through continual investment and development of a technology roadmap in both software and hardware, as well as the creation of a **** company strong partner ecosystem, ARM technology can also be found in most consumer entertainment products ranging from eReaders, tablets, digital televisions, settop boxes and digital still cameras through to car navigation systems and kitchen appliances. Organisation Within ARM, the Information Technology group maintains and supports a wide range of services, applications and platforms to assist the business to achieve its corporate goals. Supporting a diverse business with demanding computing needs provides IT with an interesting and challenging work environment. The Information Technology group also has a great opportunity and challenge to investigate how the various technologies and devices that are built around ARM’s IP can be used in a corporate environment. Role ARM is looking for an individual to lead activities surrounding global Information security compliance obligations, Business Continuity Management and Standards Compliance. This role will address all ISO, Sox, Audit, process and efficiency reviews and focus on driving improvements in how ARM delivers information security compliance during a period of unprecedented growth. This role will work closely with global leaders throughout the company, our internal and external audit teams and efficiency experts within the industry. This individual will help IT service owners and project managers control and proactively manage information security and compliance obligations in a cost efficient and pragmatic manner. The role includes accountability for preparing monthly reports and helping business leaders secure the companies information assets. Individuals applying for this role need to be able to deliver frameworks and processes that yield the control necessary where the protection of IP is critical to future success. These processes need to reflect the agile and collaborative nature of the business culture and the speed of evolution which is currently facing ARM. Heavy and industrial solution are not necessarily the right option, so innovative designs that retain the essential elements of control are what is required. The role also involves helping IT mature it’s compliance framework in a way that ensures ongoing ISO certification and active integration of key security requirements in our ITIL process framework and project portfolio. Additionally there is a clear expectation that the Information Security and Compliance Manager will work with other business leaders to ensure that security is adequately incorporated into our strategic planning, operational planning, enterprise architecture and service delivery initiatives. Ultimately the success of this role will be determined by whether the candidate can affect a culture change that integrates security into the daily activities of our key stakeholders, rather than it being a unique and separate task which can often be incorrectly seen as a distraction without consequence. We need to make this transition and the manager we are searching for will lead this transition by working to evolve current processes towards a agreed future vision of unified compliance. This is an important role with considerable scope and autonomy. Individuals applying for the role will need to have the prerequisite qualifications and experience. The compliance focus of the role needs to be balanced with a fluent understanding of technology and the IT industry. The challenge will be to acquire enough of both skills to provide the balance that the IT leadership needs and be able to advise and support a rapidly growing business with diverse and demanding IT requirements. An engaging personality and collaborative style are keys to success in this role and some travel may be required. Job Requirements Education Qualifications 2:**** or equivalent in a relevant degree . Relevant security qualification Essential Skills Experience Ability to work to deadlines Motivated to selfmanage Ability to learn new concepts and skills quickly Attention to detail in order to deliver high quality verbal and written communications Confident presenting and able to influence colleagues Ability to solve complex problems and experience of a leadership position Commercial awareness Experience in some of the following areas: Detailed knowledge of IT security and compliance issues. Solid understanding of key ISO standards. Familiar with ITIL and other IT process best practices. Understanding of how a corporate IT department operates. Extensive IT skills and experience with automated compliance tools Sound presentation and communication skills. Ability to create strategies, plans and action points and drive all three to an outcome. Desirable Skills Experience Previous work experience within an IT or engineering environment would be an advantage Interest in the IT industry and an understanding of the challenges facing the industry would be useful. Detailed understanding of ISO 20000, ISO 27000, ISO 22301 and PMI or PRINCE2 Experience in month and period end close procedures. Experience in audit and regulatory compliance issues and obligations. Demonstrable experience in working as an accountant in either public or private practice. Package Salary dependent upon experience Shares (Restricted Share Units) at the discretion of ARM Holdings plc Private medical insurance Life assurance Contributory pension Annual bonus scheme Relocation expenses as appropriate