Title: AWS Developer  Manchester, North West
Webindex: 68246706
Company: Evolution Recruitment Solutions Ltd
Description: AWS Developer  Manchester, North West. Formed in March **** this market leading consultancy work within the enterprise software and J****EE Ebusiness solutions provider space. They are looking for a passionate and skilled AWS operationals developer, motivator and consultant. They offer a relaxed and stimulating working environment that is free from politics and central IT policies, opportunity to take part in open source projects at work, chance to get your articles published in the Open Source Journal and speaking slots at user group meetings and conferences. In return, you will be monitoring existing AWS clusters of deployed instances, monitoring logs, creating automatic alerts on failure and deploying new clusters based on initial setup guides. You will also undertake User Data daily backups, system recovery in case of failure  based on procedures, upscale existing clusters in the case of usage growth and on demand, and also monitor Cassandra cluster. Essential skills needed; Agile working practices. Unix knowledge, and bash scripts. Build Servers knowledge. Hudson, Jenkins. AWS EC****nowledge. AWS VPC knowledge. AWS ELB knowledge. AWS ASG knowledge. AWS command line tools knowledge. Apache**** Webserver knowledge. Firewall rules. AWS security groups exposure. JVM platforms. (Implicit) Secure copy over network, minimum networking knowledge  DNS, Ubuntu platforms initial setup, understanding of hostfiles. Good to have: Load balancing of web applications. Apache balancers. NoSql databases. MongoDB, Apache Cassandra. AWS monitoring. Vagrant. Oracle Virtual Box. VMware. Parallels. Exposure to at least one of this. Ruby scripts. Chef. Postfix Mail Server. Configuration exposure. Puppet Manchester is commutable from Stockport  Macclesfield  Warrington  Congleton  Hyde  Wilmslow  Altincham Please note that no terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate on the grounds of age, and we confirm that we will gladly accept applications from persons of any age for this role.