Title: Head Information Services(IT, Education, Service Management)
Webindex: 69019871
Company: Premier Group Recruitment
Description: Position: Head of Information Services (IT, Education, Systems, Manager) Salary : ****  **** Location : South London On of my top educational clients is looking to recruit a new functional Head of Information Services who will be required to have experience with, and perform the following task s. oTo have overall responsibility for the management and development of the Information Services team, the Examinations team and the Curriculum Support team. oTo lead on the development and management of information systems. oTo work strategically with the Senior Management Team and other College Managers to develop integrated information systems. oTo ensure the College maximises its income from all funding agencies, employers and learners. oTo lead on the provision of management information to enable effective senior management decision making and to support the quality improvement framework Specific Duties and Responsibilities **** To lead on the implementation and development of integrated information technology systems which meet the needs of the curriculum, administration and management functions. To develop and maintain an expert knowledge of the funding requirements relevant to College provision ****Resource and financial management To ensure that the College s external funding claims are fully compliant and timely. To brief the Senior Management Team and College Management Team on changes to the funding methodology and their potential impact on delivery. 3Staff management To lead the staff team and manage individual staff performance through support, supervision and appraisal in accordance with College policy. ****General To contribute to the formulation and execution of corporate policy as a member of the College Management Group and to implement the corporate strategy. Please submit all CV s to (url removed) Premier is acting as a recruitment agency with regards to this role