Title: Data Controller
Webindex: 69162304
Company: CVbrowser
Description: Data Controller Location: Guildford Salary: Circa **** Data Controller We are a successful and growing business within the Automotive sector. Due to our consistent growth, we are seeking an experienced Data Controller to join our established Team. This role is ideally suited to an individual with first class attention to detail, excellent data experience and good experience of working with an MRP based database such as SAP, ERP, MRP, Syspro. The ideal candidate would come from an Engineering/Manufacturing based background. Data Controller/Data Administrator Loading new part numbers onto the SYSPRO system and allocate work centre. Loading Works Production Orders (WPOs) and amendments onto the SYSPRO system. Create and maintain new Bills of Material (BOM) on the SYSPRO system in response to Design Instruction Notes (D.Notes) released from Engineering. Reallocate production work centres on first linking of BOM. Maintain and file master specification documents. Control the printing and distribution of specifications to production. Control the use of Applications for Chassis Numbers (ACNs) and the updating of BOMs afterwards. Control engineering drawing distribution records for issued to DEW/DEB. Maintain drawing issue in response to drawing alteration note (DA Note). Undertake any special exercise to the company BOM at the request of the management. To contribute towards teamwork and the achievement of team goals in Material Control by: Keeping in mind the effects of personal actions on others and overall team performance. Communicating openly with other team members. Making suggestions regarding any aspect of Materials Control which would lead to: Reduced costs Reduced shortages Reduced stock holdings More efficient operations Taking part in team training exercises. Attending Task Force and relevant Design review meetings When applying for this role, please indicate your current salary (plus benefits package), minimum salary required, notice period and your reasons for wishing to move from your current company. Alliance Consulting is acting as an employment agency in this respect. Alliance Consulting specialise in the placement of engineers throughout the UK. By sending us your CV you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your personal data on a computer database and/or in manual files for the purpose of evaluating your application for employment. This processing will be carried out in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act **** By applying for this role you hereby consent to us submitting your CV to our client. If you do not wish your CV to be sent to our client then you must clearly state this to us. Equally, if there are any companies that you do not wish your CV to be sent to (for whatever reason), then please let us know of this when you apply.