Title: IT Network Engineer
Webindex: 68359047
Company: Big Red Recruitment
Description: TITLE: IT Network Engineer SALARY: **** LOCATION: Birmingham Role Our customer is seeking a reliable, accurate and analytical IT Network Engineer to join their established and diverse team within central Birmingham. The core purpose of this role is to ensure the IT systems effectively support the bank’s business. Key responsibilities will include providing operational support for communications infrastructure and IP telephony. The engineer will provide problem solving and support to users on desktop applications covering Cisco Call Manager, banking systems, scanning and printing. You will also be required to undertake build work and changes, install upgrades and patches, in addition to configuring and maintaining switches, routers Cisco firewalls and VPN’s. Administration of Windows 2008 Server R2 and Windows 2003 Server will be an element of this role. Other procedural responsibilities include implementing and maintaining procedures for DR network, DNS, communications and recovery. You will also log and manage change controls for all system changes. The Network Engineer will act as a backup to the IT Security Manager and maintain a strong security focus when designing and implementing new systems and procedures. Skills and experience  3 years minimum relevant technical experience with Cisco technologies  An understanding of Storage Area Networks (NetApp etc)  An understanding of core Windows Back office technologies including Active Directory, DNS and DHCP is essential  Confident in Windows Servers and associated technologies.  Good written and verbal communication skills  Good planning and time management skills The ideal candidate will be flexible, positive, and have a teamoriented outlook combining polite and pleasant interpersonal skills with a determination to succeed. They will also possess the ability to maintain focus under pressure, be reliable, and have good judgement and attention to detail. Company Our customer is an established, diverse and teamorientated financial services organisation based in Birmingham. They have strong customer service values and aim to provide a friendly and personal service to all customers. How to apply If you are a flexible, positive and experienced IT Network Engineer and feel this role may be for you, please send your CV to holliembigredrecruitment.co.uk . This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/ITNetworkEngineer_job****