Title: Software Test Analyst / Tester (QTP or Selenium)
Webindex: 69201718
Company: IT Executive Recruitment
Description: Software Test Analyst / Tester. Automated testing (with QTP or Selenium). Permanent opportunity. Based; North Buckinghamshire. Salary ****  **** d.o.e. Automated testing; QTP or Selenium. Manual test execution. Web and ntier based applications. SharePoint, scripting languages, SQL (preferably SQL Server), AGILE methodology. Please only apply to this role if you can write full test packs in either QTP or Selenium, as opposed to simply tweaking prewritten ones. This software solutions company have a superb opportunity for an experienced Software Tester, with demonstrable knowledge of coding with either QTP (VBScript) or Selenium (C), to join their growing team. The role will ideally suit an experienced Test professional, who is looking for a career path to a Senior Test Analyst / Test Lead role in the longer term. The company are placed in an expanding market and are currently experiencing healthy growth. They are a dynamic group, encompassing a vibrant mix of contract and permanent staff of mixed age range. They are highly successful with a positive outlook and a hard working ethos. The successful candidate must have demonstrable experience of coding in either QTP or Selenium. We are looking for a technical Tester with a blend of testing skills including smoke testing, load testing, system testing, regression testing, integration testing and functional testing. Past experience of testing with both web and ntier based applications and the ability to work to the AGILE methodology is also required. In terms of personality, we are looking to identify a focused, logical and presentable person who is driven by quality. He /she will be confident in dealing with high calibre business professionals, possess good common sense and have the ability to work under pressure. The successful candidate will be working within a small, professional & high performing team and hence, clear spoken and written English skills are absolutely imperative, as is demonstrable commercial experience based on site in the UK. This role will include (i) the creation and execution of test scripts (ii) review and understanding of technical specifications (iii) assisting with bug logging and management (iv) Liaison with development team & Ops Manager to understand and plan bug resolutions (v) liaison with customer testing and project teams (vi) ensuring products being delivered are fit for purpose (vii) driving ongoing standards and best practices within the business. Please apply with a full Word copy CV. All applicants must be currently eligible to work in the UK on a full time basis and be prepared to provide evidence of identification on request. PLEASE ONLY RESPOND TO THIS ROLE IF YOU HAVE THE REQUIRED CODING EXPERIENCE WITH QTP OR SELENIUM. THANK YOU IT Executive Group is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.