Title: Storage Systems Administrator
Webindex: 68550477
Company: ARM
Description: Storage Systems Administrator, VMWare, EVA, SAN, AIX, TSM Location: Havant, Hampshire Commutable from: Portsmouth, Southampton, Fareham, Winchester, London, Brighton and Bournemouth. Rate: ******** per Day Skills: Storage exposure, VMWare, SAN, EVA, KSH Scripting My client one of the leading utility companies in the UK is currently looking for a Storage System Administrator. Job Description: The Storage team are responsible for all open systems and mainframe Storage, VMware, Enterprise backup, and Capacity and performance. Day to day activities such as fault fixing, maintenance and patching, performance monitoring. We also assist the projects team by providing environments and storage, and providing technical assistance. Be directly involved in all of the daytoday workload of the team (as per the 'Specific Skills' section) ensuring quality of delivery and being accountable for actions taken. Contribute to incident resolution and root cause analysis as per agreed SLAs. Contribute to the production, review and maintenance of team documentation. Contribute to the timely and effective delivery of projects. Be accountable to senior members of the team who will help you manage project deliveries. Contribute to compliance activities (including audit, DR, vulnerability/patch management, exception management). Contribute to the implementation of improvements and enhancements. Contribute to the development, documentation and maintenance of standards, strategies and processes. Provide technical support and guidance to business areas and other technical teams. Requirements: Storage exposure VMWare SAN EVA KSH Scripting Send your CV or call [blocked] for an informal discussion about this opportunity. This vacancy is being advertised by Advanced Resource Managers. ARM is a specialist talent acquisition and management consultancy. We provide technical contingency recruitment and a portfolio of more complex resource solutions. Our specialist recruitment divisions cover the entire technical arena, including some of the most economically and strategically important industries in the UK and the world today. Our industry coverage includes, but is not limited to: Infrastructure and Built Environment, IT (including Security, Communications, SaaS, ERP, IT Sales, and more) Oil and Gas, Defence, Engineering and Technology, Technical Sales, Energy, Space, Telecommunications, Manufacturing and much, much more. We will never send your CV without your permission