Title: Business AnalystPlanning, Buying and Merchandising Systems
Webindex: 69250197
Company: Alexander Black Recruitment Limited
Description:  Business Analyst  Planning, Buying and Merchandising Systems  London  Salary: ****  ****  bonus  benefits (car allowance  healthcare  pension) A leading multinational retailer are going through ongoing enhancements across their information systems and require a commercially aware business analyst on their product systems team. My client is a globally recognised fashion retailer with a heritage dating back more than 200 years. They now have stores in more than 28 countries around the world and have won numerous awards in the process for their multichannel operation. In an effort to maintain these high standards they have ongoing improvement and development projects on their information systems. This role in particular will be working on systems including merchandise and space planning, purchase product management, product order management, inventory management, replenishment, product enrichment and web merchandising. You will join an established team of business analysts working across a variety of projects through the full lifecycle. You will ensure the quality and effectiveness of business systems are maintained, delivering the requirements analysis and functional design and ensuring the quality of development by both internal and external teams is up to standard and delivered on time. You will also be commercially aware, using your market awareness to challenge project benefits, champion business improvement and contribute to the strategic definition of the business systems arena. This is a fast moving role where changes happen on a daily basis so you must also be adaptable and able to work effectively, even to tight deadlines. Previous retail experience is not needed but it is highly likely you will have the following skills;  A structured approach to analysis and adherence to standards.  A structured approach to test planning and test execution.  The ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the business from board level to shop floor and with technical staff.  Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.  Strong time management skills enabling you to work on multiple concurrent projects.  Strong networking skills making you a key point of contact for business users in the Information Systems department.  Background in relevant systems.  Experience of leading teams of BAs.  Experience in a mentoring role, responsible for the development of junior staff.  Project management experience. If you are an experienced business analyst/business systems analyst already working in retail or want to move in this exciting/fast paced world this could be a very interesting fit for you. If you would like to be considered please send your CV to b.chatfieldalexanderblackrecruitment.co.uk or call **** **** ****