Title: Net Developer  C / ASPNet / CMS
Webindex: 69250117
Company: C.O.A.L IT. Services Ltd
Description: .Net Developer  C / ASP.Net / CMS  ****K  Bonus  Package Excellent opportunity for a talented .Net Developer to work on an exciting project for one of the world s most prestigious travel companies. We re currently in the process of recruiting a new team of developers being assembled to work on the relaunch of the company s Global ecommerce website presence. As part of this development we re rebuilding the site from scratch which will incorporate online booking and advanced search capabilities and are looking for experienced .Net developers to start immediately on this exciting and high profile project. This is all Greenfield work were you will have the opportunity to influence architecture choices, work on multilingual CMS s, refactor your code regularly, develop regression tests, and have input to establishing and continually improving our development processes. Responsibilities and Accountabilities You will be responsible for day to day CMS development and online booking capability via a third party reservation platform operating over web services. You will take responsibility for you code to ensure it is well tested and meets the needs of the business and is developed in a timely fashion with relevant documentation. Skills Abilities Knowledge of C 3/**** andASP.NETare musts (relevant code samples required for interview). Experience with enterprise CMS s such as Kentico, Sitefinity or Umbraco a big advantage. Exposure to SOAP Web services in both making and consuming. Experience with unit testing, including mocking frameworks. Understanding of OO principles, SOLID principles and Design Patterns. Good communication and interpersonal skills with technical staff, orally and in writing. Knowledge of Domain Driven Design, BehaviourDriven Development and techniques beneficial. Well versed in HTML **** jQuery and JSON and with familiarity of good design and usability practices. Ability to quickly learn new tools/techniques. Used to working with agile methodologies such as Scrum/Kanban. Tech stack ASP.NET **** / C Ninject Fluent Validate Nunit WCF Kendo UI or jQuery Mobile Education and Experience Minimum 3 years experience in a similar role in Agile development operation. Experience of integration with third party reservation platforms / high volume transactional systems. Experience of working in the travel industry, in either a tour operator or online travel agency, is a plus. Educated to Bachelor s degree level.