Title: Business Analyst  nr Slough, Berkshire
Webindex: 72128440
Company: MAPP Ltd   IT & Business Management Recruitment Specialists
Description: Business Analyst  nr Slough, Berkshire Role: **** years business analysis experience to work on a number of small projects through the full project life cycle to ensure the smooth delivery of system upgrades and enhancements, on time and on budget. A key objective of the IT Team in improving the overall efficiency, effectiveness of the business and usability of the system. This involves initial analysis of business needs and preparation of business requirement specifications. Following approval you will be responsible for assisting in the coordination of project plans, linking an bringing together activities of external software suppliers and involving the business departments in the testing and implementation of solutions. Key skills and Qualifications 3 year experience as a Business Analyst. A good understanding of analysis methodologies. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to explain technical issues in a concise and nontechnical manner to business users. Experience of MS Office and MS Project, Quality Centre Exposure to client server and web technologies, Oracle and SQL Server databases. Exposure to Document Management systems and workflow is highly desirable though not essential. Selfmotivated, good organisational and planning skills, detail oriented. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from various levels of management and users. Responsibilities: Information gathering, system analysis and business requirements definition for the Systems. Assist with creating and managing test plans, which align with business requirements along with the Test Manager Carry out functional testing and assist with regression testing and UAT in conjunction with the business. Defect management including raising faults, analysis of faults, prioritisation, liaison with external suppliers, test and release planning and updating Quality Centre. Change management including raising Change Requests, liaison with external suppliers, assisting with test and release planning and updating the CR database. Identify and complete configuration change requests. Fulfil ad hoc requests for data queries and analysis, which require a level of expertise beyond the business users’ Development and documenting of process flows within the business in order to identify efficiencies and suggest improvements Elicit requirements using appropriate methods Salary  ****K  ****K basic  pension  healthcare  car option  other excellent benefits Business Analyst – nr Slough, Berkshire This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/BusinessAnalystnrSloughBerkshire_job****