Title: Senior NET Developer ndash;NET/ ASPNET / ASPNET MVC/ C Brighto
Webindex: 69031597
Description: Senior .NET Developer .NET/ ASP.NET / ASP.NET MVC/ C Brighton If you have extensive experience in ASP.NET then this could be the role for you Key Skills: .NET ASP.NET ASP.NET MVC C Candidate; You will have had good experience as a .NET developer, as you will be the most senior of a team of two. Some managerial experience therefore will be advantageous. You will have a keen passion in .NET, specifically ASP.NET. Having an understanding of ASP.NET MVC framework would also be useful in this position. You will have experience working with C on a regular basis . If you thrive on working on your own initiative but you are still a team player then this is the role for you The role: If you relish working on .NET and are a web enthusiast then this is the ideal role for you. You will be focusing on delivering new web sites for this UK based company which is entering the international market . You should therefore be a self starter who is motivated to stay abreast of the latest technologies and versions in the ever changing technology world. My client pride themselves on making their customers lives easier as they enter periods or aspirations of change, stream lining the process through their ability to provide bespoke solutions. You will need to be able to deliver applications which are flexible and maintainable. Teaching and learning continuously go handinhand in this role, as you will be helping less senior developers and leading by example. The client: My client is a prestigious name amongst the media market. They are UK based, but deal internationally as well, ensuring potential scope for expansion. The client is based a **** minute drive from Brighton, so the ideal candidate will either need to be local or have own transportation. To apply: If you have what it takes send your CV or call Laura now on (Apply online only) Senior .NET Developer  .NET/ ASP.NET / ASP.NET MVC/ C Brighton Senitor Associates Ltd is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy