Title: Software Integration Engineer  STB Embedded  Staines
Webindex: 70676753
Company: D Tech Recruitment Ltd
Description: Software Integration Engineer  STB Embedded Systems  Staines, to ****k Several opportunities are available for Integration Engineers (from mid to Principal level) with strong software development skills (including C), and knowledge of Set Top Box, DVB, Broadcast or Telecoms systems to work with a highly motivated team (based in Staines), taking software components from development teams and integrating them together to create an STB Middleware Stack. The integration typically follows an agile development cycle, with incremental component releases containing new functionality and fixes. Because of the complexity of the software and the profile of the job we are looking for engineers with significant development experience who are interested in a broader role. You must be capable of understanding and resolving problems in complex, multiprocess, realtime systems. You will have experience of working in multinational teams to demanding timescales and get a sense of satisfaction from getting software to work. As a Senior Engineer you will be expected to take on responsibility for your own work and resolve complex technical issues under pressure, drawing on support from domain experts as appropriate. Main Responsibilities/Duties  Making the software work together, often for the first time, including providing fixes for priority defects and providing problem reports.  Working closely with the component development teams to investigate problems.  Investigation of problems, identifying and implementing fixes to both code and design.  Support the improvement of the development cycle by identifying areas for improvement. Mandatory skills and experience  Degree or equivalent in computer science, electronics engineering or communications engineering  Strong development skills including C (preferably real time).  Experience of structured technical problem solving.  Knowledge of software integration methods. Personal Skills/Profile  Strong experience in a DVB, broadcast, telecoms or embedded systems industry.  A desire to make things work.  A proactive approach to issue resolution and working with the development teams.  Selfmotivated and not afraid to use your initiative. Salary and benefits package  To ****k pa  Annual bonus  25 days holiday  Private Healthcare with BUPA  Pension with 8% company contribution  Life Assurance  Monthly allowance towards TV and broadband package  Sports and social club  Relocation package