Title: Principal Test Manager
Webindex: 72688637
Company: Sanderson Recruitment
Description: Principal Test Manager In support of the growth plans across the Testing team for ****013, my client are looking to recruit this key senior role, to work both out on a wide range of client sites and at their in house offices where they will play a leading role in delivering quality Testing services to our client organizations whilst also driving forward the innovations and leadership within the Testing Practice. This is a key senior role within the Test Practice. We are looking for an individual with an excellent track record of delivering large scale test engagements combined with a passion for innovation and thought leadership within the testing profession. This is a leadership and technical role that will give the successful candidate a unique opportunity to lead, manage and practice within a growing, successful testing practice. As a Principal Test Manager will be enthusiastic, enjoy a challenge and will be able to clearly demonstrate where they have been able to solve complex project issues by applying their analytical and problem skills. They will also be able to recount their experience of driving the most difficult projects to a successful and profitable solution. Candidates must be willing to travel, able to drive and work away from home during the week if necessary. The Principal Test Manager will be required to : Expert level knowledge of Test Management, Test Process and Test Team Leadership. Strong Project Management skills required in the area of Test Project Management. Preferably relevant and recent experience of managing significant programmes of testing. Test thought leadership. A testing visionary who talks passionately about the need for evolution in the testing environment and is an advocate for the need to move quality to other areas of the development lifecycle. Experience of assessing the testing need and adopting the most relevant testing approach to match the requirement. This person will be able to talk about many styles and types of testing approach and clearly articulate their strengths and weaknesses. Experience of project management, most likely combined with industry qualification such as Prince 2 and ISEB.