Title: BI Development Analyst, Leeds
Webindex: 65681393
Company: Harvey Nash Plc
Description: BI Development Analyst, Central Leeds, SQL Server 2005/**** TSQL, SSRS, SQL Server Reporting Services, web analytics, web trends, excel, access, Business Information, data, Datawarehouse, business intelligence, intelligence analyst, BI, MI, Managment information, Microsoft. BI Development Analyst (SQL, TSQL, SQLrver 2005/**** SSRS) required urgently for a fantastic client based in Central Leeds. This reputable and very stable organisation that has been established for 20 years seeks to employ an experienced BI Development Analyst to support the strategic development of the Business Information (BI) Team. This is an exciting opportunity to join a professional, trustworthy and repectable organisation that always look to promote from within. This quality led client requires the successful candidate to have strong SQL Server skills. You will work at ease with SQL server 2005 and **** you will also have demonstrable skills in TSQL. You will also have strong SQL server reporting service skills (SSRS) along with web analytics/web trends. You will work at ease with Microsoft Excel and Access. In this role you will need to have strong communication skills (written verbal) as you will work closely with a variety of different levels of internal stakeholders. Working as part of a teamyou will be excited about extracting and analysing data that will play a key role in enabling Operational Departments Senior Management to make business critical decisions. By way of benefits my clients offers a generous holiday allowance with the opportunity to buy and sell additional holidays. There is a bonus based on your attendance that is the same value regardless of your seniority in the business. Your personal development is high on the priority list of my client therefore you are guaranteed to find this opportunity a cut above the rest. Based in Central Leeds this role is easily commutable from Bradford, York, Huddersfield, Halifax, Harrogate, Ilkley, Otley, Wakefield, Ossett, Normanton, Hebden Bridge, Mirfield, Brighouse, Wetherby, Leeds and surrounding areas. For a confidential discussion about this fantastic opportunity please contact Zara Middlebrook.