Title: Infrastucture/Application Support Analyst  Messaging
Webindex: 67242117
Company: ISL 
Description: Leading Fund Manager require an Operational Support Analyst primarily focused on supporting ETL, Java, Scheduling and other messaging based systems/Middleware appliances across Front, Middle and Back Office environments. Principal Accountabilities  The Messaging team is responsible for the provision of support and analysis for key infrastructure and applications. The team work directly with the business, other IT Staff and suppliers to ensure that issues are resolved in the minimum of time through leveraging internal and external resources and knowledge. The Messaging Support Analyst will report to the Messaging Systems Team Leader.  Adhere to internal policies and procedures relating to Messaging Application Support.  Maintain the integrity and availability of the Messaging Applications and related environments by fully investigating all problems (where possible preempting) and resolving them (including out of hours where appropriate) if possible, otherwise liaising with software suppliers, ensuring proper implementation of solutions in accordance with agreed IT Operations procedures.  Evaluate business and/or technical solutions, recommending the most appropriate way forward, providing input to project costbenefit cases, and resolving any technical conflicts.  Monitor performance and growth of delivered solutions, highlight areas for change to provide improvements and progress to implementation to ensure Service Levels are achieved.  Maintain awareness of current and future installed product functionality, recommending and/or implementing features which would benefit the business  Develop/review Operational Documentation, technical design specifications and advise on Operational impact.  Provide Management Information to the required standard and timescale.  Continually incorporate quality management, assurance and best practices into all support and project areas to ensure services are delivered within agreed Business Requirements (including out of hours where appropriate).  Design and maintain effective support processes for all key platforms to help ensure their Operational performance, security and ease of auditing. Technical skills:  A good understanding of Java/JMS/ESB, Informatica and WebSphere MQ or a demonstrable aptitude to develop technical skills in the Support and Analysis of any Java and Messaging application suite is deistrable  Demonstrable ability in Scripting tools  Perl, Shell, ANT ideally  Strong Windows, Solaris/Linux administration skills  Experience of production support in financial organisation  Strong issue capture and reproduction skills  Proactive nature to manage vendor and internal bug fixes