Title: Training Project Manager
Webindex: 71594283
Company: Emis
Description: Training Project Manager The Training Project Manager is responsible for providing a high quality service to EMIS customers, internal staff and associated organisations. The role involves monitoring the training life cycle, working closely with the customer base to ensure training products and services are relevant and creating/developing innovative learning resources to meet the identified needs, predominantly the larger scale projects. Your job Proactively seek feedback from the user base to ensure the relevance, quality and standard of all EMIS training products and services Carry out regular site visits; work with customer to pilot new and innovative training resources Attend and in some cases deliver training sessions to the customer to fully understand all process from a training perspective, make changes if required and ensure knowledge of practice workflows are maximised Provide appropriate and effective training packages for all EMIS products and services Create and maintain training programmes along with developing and maintain training strategies. Manage responses to bids and tenders from a training and deployment perspective Research, create and deliver other distance learning methods that can be used to support customers in their upgrade/install of EMIS products and services Identify and develop commercial opportunities Maintain up to date knowledge of NHS strategies and NHS IT Provide training and support to EMIS staff Things you must have A proactive and dynamic approach to the development of learning materials. Excellent and proven track record of creating and managing training programmes and projects. Professional and responsible attitude to work. Excellent communication skills. High standard of customer care. Attention to detail and accuracy. Methodical and organised approach to tasks. Ability to prioritise and work under pressure. Good team player. Flexible Computer literate  good working knowledge of Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook. What we would also like to see Experience in project management Experience in developing, implementing and maintaining training packages. Knowledge of National Health Service (NHS) Knowledge of medical systems and GP practices. This position will involve travelling, the hours will be variable and there will at times be a requirement for overnight stays away from home. What we give you Starting salary of **** plus a company car Share incentive plan Pension scheme (starting 2013) Excellent holiday entitlement (rising over time) Child Care Vouchers Free eye tests Gym discounts Discounts on Citroen cars The chance to help improve the health of the nation