Title: Website Designer  HTML / CSS / SQL Server
Webindex: 68995397
Description: Website Designer – DV / SC Cleared We currently have a fantastic new requirement for a Website Designer to work on an exciting permanent role with one of our leading clients. The role is based in Gloucestershire and applicants are required to hold a current DV Clearance or willing to undergo the DV Clearance. Required Skills  HTML; Contribute; CSS; SQL Server 2008, SSIS and SSRS; ASP.NET; C; SharePoint 2010 design, implementation and configuration; Microsoft Visual Studio 2012.  Experience in Website and (if possible) SharePoint design and development.  Definition (requirements development and management including capture, user requirements transformation, analysis and decomposition, prioritisation, documentation, traceability and assessment).  Specification (product features, activities, software).  Design (look and feel, balance, contrast, flow, animation, theme, style guides etc.).  User Experience Design (user centred interface, interaction, graphics, HCI, usability and structure).  Development (configuration of sites, development of dynamic features, authoring, content creation).  Test (preparation and coordination of test facilities, resources assets; execution of tests; reporting; identification, documentation, disposition and investigation of problems and discrepancies; regression testing).  Maintenance (content publishing and updating; Web SharePoint site updates; maintenance of links).  Technical Planning (technical risk; configuration and data management; progress and inprocess reviews including walkthroughs,readiness and action item tracking).  Competent with Microsoft Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel.  Communications  effective listening, effective speaking, presentation and technical writing skills in the English language.  Clear and timely reporting to management and stakeholders.  Interpersonal Skills  able to build productive relationships; conflict management.  Team Skills / Inclusive Behaviours  ability to work collaboratively collocated and distributed geographically; consensus building/team building respecting diverse viewpoints.  Positive attitude and work ethic, passionate about shared working environments and the ability to transfer this enthusiasm to the role with enthusiasm and self motivation.  Initiative and an ability to provide innovative solutions and ideas for new projects.  A commitment to quality and a thorough approach to work.  Good time management with the ability to manage project timescales and deadlines.  Commitment to professional development and continuous learning so as to stay abreast of current technologies through continuing.education, reading and participation in professional conferences, workshops and groups.  Commitment to an injuryfree workplace and a zero accidents safety culture. Desired Skills:  Experience in SharePoint versions WSS 2.0 through SharePoint 2010.  Experience of Dreamweaver; Javascript; jQuery; Microsoft Project Server; Microsoft SharePoint Designer; Model View Controller (MVC). Also Experience in:  HTML and CSS.  ASP .Net.  SQL. RECOMMEND A FRIEND: If you have professional friends/colleagues who would be interested in one of our roles and our excellent levels of service too, we d like to recognise your recommendations with a thank you of our own. For every colleague you refer who then starts a role through Datasource either Contract or Permanent, we will send you ****