Title: Microsoft Applications Technical Consultant
Webindex: 69019182
Company: Conrad Knight Associates
Description: Microsoft Applications Technical Consultant This is an exciting opportunity to join one of the UK s leading Application Management providers to FTSE 100 enterprises. With skills encompassing Microsoft, VM Ware, Citrix, SMS/SCCM, Cloud services and infrastructure as a service (IAAS), the company is enjoying considerable success and business growth. You will be responsible for the development of Application Portfolio Management delivering fully integrated and highly manageable future state solutions. All systems designed by you must be technically appropriate, cost effective and profitable. Candidates will ideally have held a technical consultant role within a SI or Consultancy and will have experience of delivering technical solutions across all aspects of a business. A minimum of 3 years industry experience is essential. Core experience required: Specific design and delivery experience in areas such as: o Application packaging a deployment o Enterprise application migration o Enterprise desktop virtualisation o Cloud services and Infrastructure as a Service (IAAS) o Microsoft based infrastructure skills Managing commercial client relationships including scope and change requests. Adaptability to embrace new disciplines. Sound experience of at least one major business vertical (e.g. Telco, Financial Services). Experience of several different application portfolio management projects, having played a key part in the project delivery team. Broad business Sound ability to formally present to senior client audiences. Ability to work to tight deadlines and make sensible decisions under pressure taking a balanced view of client demands and commercial deliverables. Technical experience required: Candidates will have a background in the design and delivery of Enterpriselevel application migration strategies with a combination of some of the following technical components: Application migration tools e.g Citrix AppDNA, ChangeBase Knowledge of application lifecycle management with proven knowledge of application virtualisation infrastructures. Virtualisation technologies VDI, AppV, ThinApp, XenApp etc. Microsoft System Centre Configuration Manager Active Directory Domain Services Solid knowledge of Microsoft operating systems at a server/desktop level Strong knowledge of deployment technologies with SMS / SCCM MCSE 2003/**** or equivalent qualification is preferred