Title: SQL Server DBA / Database Administrator / SQL Developer, to ****K
Webindex: 68594248
Company: EasyWebRecruitment
Description: SQL Server DBA / Database Administrator / SQL Developer, to ****K Our client is a leading international supplier of specialist plastic, fibre and foam products with four principal operating divisions: Protection Finishing Products, Porous Technologies, Coated Security Products, and Filter Products. Position: Business Analyst Location: Kidlington, Nr Oxford Salary: ****k ROLE: The SQL Server DBA / Database Administrator / SQL Developer will lead the Centralised (divisional) Data Warehouse / Cognos project(s), validating that the solution meets the business and technical requirements. Lead future Data Warehouse, Cognos and other business intelligence development projects. Gain an understanding through analysis of divisional businesses data flows across key systems for the purposes of improving business intelligence. You will supply business intelligence expertise for marketing analytics and commercial data analysis in order to optimise revenues and margins. Produce comprehensive documentation in the form of business and systems requirements specifications. RESPONSIBILITIES: a) Using expertise in data warehouses and business intelligence systems to support the company s growing need to manage its business data in a way that provide mechanisms to expose important information that will gain competitive advantage. b) Provide project management of the divisional data warehouse and business intelligence projects. c) Provide expertise in SQL server database administration and SQL data analysis. d) Gain technical / business process knowledge of other their systems which originate data imported into the data warehouse. e) Be responsible for managing development of SQL server based applications used within the divisional systems, particularly Business Intelligence applications e.g. Cognos. f) Identify and articulate business/systems requirements for Data Warehouse / Cognos hardware/software upgrades and provide overall project management of internal/external resource to archive this. g) Assess business intelligence systems impact of business requests for change. h) Plan and perform system/volume testing and support user acceptance testing. i) Capacity and availability management for business intelligence systems. j) Proactively identify and resolve problems. k) Provide 3rd Line Data Warehouse support for SQL Server and Business Intelligence Systems. ESSENTIAL SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Educated to a minimum of a degree level standard or equivalent. b) Strong and proven skills in SQL server database administration and SQL development (200****onwards) maintenance, support and database design, including the use of Microsoft SSIS/ SSRS are essential. c) Experience of webbased business intelligence applications is highly advantageous, particularly Cognos 8. d) Proven track record in a business analysis role, with complex data flows within integrated systems and business intelligence applications. e) Able to demonstrate past innovations and systems development that have provided access to key business information, able to recognise and communicate global implications of changes. f) Have demonstrable project management capability / experience, as well as experience of managing and working effectively with third party suppliers. g) Articulate with good oral and written communication skills  an excellent communicator particularly with those whose first language is not English. h) Hold a clean driving license and free to travel to UK/international sites for short periods. DESIRABLE SKILLS / EXPERIENCE: a) Familiarity / experience of ERP (e.g. BPCS) would be an advantage i.e. multilanguage, multicurrency, multisite. b) Exposure to Windows 2008 Server, iSeries and Client Access an advantage c) DBA qualifications / IT Foundation qualifications are an advantage, but not essential. You may have experience of the following: MCDBA, SQL Database Administrator, DBA Developer, SQL Server Database Administrator, Cognos, SQL Server DBA, Business Intelligence, SQL Developer, Data Warehousing, Business Analyst, Project Manager, Management Information, SQL DBA etc. This vacancy is being advertised by Easy Web Recruitment, the UK s leading Online Recruitment Agency. The services advertised by Easy Web Recruitment are those of an employment agency.