Title: 2nd / 3rd Line Technical Server Support  Technical Architect
Webindex: 67652230
Company: Xerox
Description: Purpose: The Architect leads the effort to ensure that common architecture decisions are implemented consistently across business and IT in order to support the business and IT strategy. They will also research, analyze, design, propose, and deliver IT architecture solutions that are optimal for the business and IT strategies in one or more domains. This involves working with the lines of business, support staff, and technology areas, to design a technical structure based on the existing standards and processes and meets the strategic needs of the business and integrates with other business and IT Processes. This role also documents the structure and processes. The Architect leads the effort to provide integrated systems analysis and recommends to the Senior and Enterprise Architects, appropriate hardware, software, and communication links required to support IT goals and strategy. This may include coordinating activities of the project team and assisting in the monitoring of project schedules and costs. This role also leads the effort to support, resolve and document issues that arise in the architecture. This may also include reviewing designs and recommending improvements to the architecture. The Architect is responsible for analyzing and incorporating where appropriate industry trends, and being familiar with enterprise standards and methodology. The role will also have familiarity with the enterprise infrastructure and applications, and will specialize in a particular domain. Scope: Autonomy Works under broad direction. Full accountability for own technical work or project/supervisory responsibilities. Receives assignments in the form of objectives. Establishes own milestones, team objectives and delegates assignments. Work is often selfinitiated. Influence Influences organization, customers, suppliers and peers within industry on contribution of specialization. Significant responsibility for the work of others and for the allocation of resources. Decisions impact on success of assigned projects i.e. results, deadlines and budget. Develops business relationships with customers. Complexity Challenging range variety of complex technical or professional work activities. Work requires application of fundamental principles in a wide and often unpredictable range of contexts. Understands relationship between detailed and wider customer/organizational requirements. Primary Responsibilities: Specifies and designs small and/or moderately complex systems. Selects appropriate design standards, methods and tools and ensures that they are applied effectively. Reviews others system design to ensure selection of appropriate technology, efficient use of resources and integration of multiple systems and technology. Adheres to and influences policy for selection of architecture components. Evaluates and undertakes impact analysis on small to medium complexity design options. Ensures that the system architecture balances functional, service quality and systems management requirements. Uses appropriate tools, including logical models of components and interfaces, to contribute to the development of systems architectures. Produces detailed component specifications and translates these into detailed designs for implementation using selected products. Within a business change program, assists in the preparation of technical plans and cooperates with business assurance and project staff to ensure that appropriate technical resources are made available. Provides advice on technical aspects of system development and integration (including requests for changes, deviations from specifications, etc.) and ensures that relevant technical strategies, policies, standards and practices are applied correctly. Manages provision of specialist knowledge over a range of topics including the role of IT in the business process; in own areas of expertise provides advice and guidance influencing the effectiveness of the organizations business processes. Adheres to and influences standards, strategies and procedures across the development lifecycle in the areas of systems integration and testing and ensures that practitioners adhere to them. Maintains an indepth knowledge of specific technical specialisms and provides expert advice regarding their application. The specialism can be any aspect of information or communication technology, technique, method, product or application area. Candidate Education: Preferred Bachelor s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field. Or equivalent work experience. Candidate Background: Skills, Knowledge & Ability: Minimum requirements: Typically have substantial experience in multiple IT areas with some relevant architecture experience. Requires advanced level knowledge and understanding of architecture, applications, infrastructure, systems design and integration. Demonstrates high standards of professional behavior in dealings with clients, colleagues and staff. Have a thorough knowledge of at least one specific technology area and a broad understanding across a wide field along with a record of applying such knowledge successfully in a variety of situations. Demonstrates the ability to take significant responsibility and shows skill in the management of change and can handle contacts of most types and at most levels. Is able to make sound decisions in collaboration with others on significant issues and to take full responsibility for them on a technical basis. Is familiar with the principles and practices involved in development and maintenance and in service delivery. Has good technical understanding and the aptitude to remain up to date with technology and industry developments. Possesses a general understanding of the business applications of IS. Is effective and persuasive in both written and oral communication. Have sound and broad business knowledge and an understanding of current and emerging information and communications technologies and of how they can support and enhance the functions of the business. Has a practical understanding of business and data analysis. Has a good working knowledge of Xerox and XIM policies, management structure and business objectives, and of the existing IS portfolio and IT infrastructure. Demonstrates a rational and organized approach to the tasks undertaken and an awareness of the need to achieve quality. Has thorough knowledge of the system components and interfaces being integrated. Has thorough knowledge of testing procedures. Has thorough knowledge of configuration issues. Has comprehensive understanding of project and program management techniques. Additional Role Requirements: Business (strategy, business roadmap, business process, business services, people/organization) addresses the needs of the business community and describes the flows of business information between people and business processes. Data/Information addresses the needs of the database designers and application architects responsible for developing and integrating the data components. Application / Integration addresses the needs of the application architects and application designers responsible for designing, developing (or procuring) and integrating the application components. Technology / Infrastructure addresses the needs of the application architecture, processing centre and infrastructure (DBMS, middleware, security, client, etc.) disaster recovery