Title: Technical Producer
Webindex: 71760030
Company: Bearing Partnership
Description: Based in the heart of the city, this vibrant, multinational health and wellness company are looking for a Technical Producer to join their successful digital product team. With a parent company in the US, the London division offers a vibrant work environment with a strong start up feel and at the moment is going from strength to strength. This role is crucial to maintain and support the enhancement of online tools users to track, manage and evaluate their health and wellbeing. Reporting to the Translation and Localisations Manager, this role will be responsible for; Production of content within a bespoke CMS platform and SQL database. You will build customised content in the database using SQL and will use HTML and XML to deliver this content online through the CMS, publishing systems and authoring tools. Testing of content. You will work closely with the in house Technical, Business Intelligence, Test and Product teams to ensure that the content delivered is of high quality, bug free and displayed properly online. Import and export content. Working with the Translation and Localisation Manager and third parties to import and export translated content, and ensure that content is properly tested for errors before publishing it online. This role will hold ownership over the content production process and therefore is highly visible within the organisation. As you settle into the business, you will have the opportunity to be part of project meetings and play a key role in scoping of new initiatives to grow the company’s successful digital product range. To be considered for this role, you will possess technical skills in SQL, have familiarity with databases, and have good HTML and XML hand coding skills. You will have a good understanding of UAT and bug fixing. Experience using CMS platforms (bespoke or industry standard) in a web production environment is also desired, as is a solid understanding of how technical problems can impact a client. Candidates must also possess exceptional communication skills and be comfortable liaising directly with all levels of the business and occasionally with third parties and external clients. A keen passion for technology as well as the ability to juggle a number of projects and work effectively in a fluid environment is also skills needed to be successful in this role. You may be from a testing orientated background or a junior developer looking for something a little different. You may be working as Data Analyst or have good technical skills and are now looking for a role where you will be doing basic front end development and building databases. The client is very open to speaking to candidates from a variety of backgrounds but we feel that this role would suit someone looking to progress their technical experience in a role with lots of variety. The company are incredibly committed to motivating and looking after their employees and you will have the opportunity to be part of a vibrant team with international exposure. Please send your application to Cat Symons at Bearing Partnership if you wish to find out more. This job was originally posted as www.cwjobs.co.uk/JobSeeking/TechnicalProducer_job****