Title: Helpdesk Support Technician Level 1
Webindex: 71680460
Company: Orbis Resourcing
Description: Our Client, based in Theale is actively looking to recruit a Helpdesk Support Technician on a permanent basis. POSITION TITLE: Helpdesk Support Technician Level 1 Salary: ****  **** pa depending on skills and experience Location: Theale, Berkshire GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF POSITION:  To run the daily backup checks and weekly image reports.  To raise tickets against any failures or issues found on any of the backups or image reports.  To investigate and resolve backup and image issues and liaise with customers and third parties where necessary.  To provide front line IT support to customers.  To ensure that calls for support are dealt with promptly and appropriately.  To undertake a variety of IT related projects. RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES  To complete the daily backup checks and weekly image reports on time and in line with procedures.  To raise and update, tickets on all issues and failures with the backups and image reports.  To notify, and update, customers on any issues or failures and the action being taken to resolve.  To maintain related packages to ensure notifications and values are correct for the various types of hardware available.  To maintain the current system including checking all customers devices are reporting correctly.  To liaise with third parties to resolve backup and image report issues or failures to ensure resolutions as quickly as possible.  To provide technical support to telephone and email requests from users for all PC hardware, software and associated peripherals, creating and/or updating tickets as per procedures.  To resolve support calls, redirect or escalate to the appropriate engineer.  To provide a professional, courteous and rapid response to individual users.  To proactively provide information to users on the progress of outstanding support calls.  To install and configure PCs, servers and associated peripherals and software.  To provide basic end user training.  To liaise with all teams to ensure continuity of service for all users  To assist in the compilation of technical documentation, guidelines and procedures and ensure they are disseminated to users.  Undertake such projects of a level commensurate with the responsibility of the post.  Undertake such other work as may be assigned which is consistent with the nature of the job and its level of responsibility as requested by a supervisor or Director. Experience in the following:  Excellent phone manner  Help desk or call centre experience  Customer services background  Providing high standard of quality and customer care.  Experience of all aspects of building a computer from card level upwards.  WAN/LAN Experience Job related skills and knowledge:  Setting up computers for use  Hardware / software fault finding on navigating in and working with Microsoft products  Working knowledge of Windows operating systems, Windows Backup, Backup Exec and Symantec. Send your CV ASAP – Further Details on Application If this role is inappropriate, please reply with CV and identify your ideal position. Also, forward the spec to anyone you believe may be interested as we offer a referral scheme Orbis Resourcing Ltd acts as an employment agency and an employment business. We have obtained your details from a public database that you have subscribed to This job was originally posted as www.totaljobs.com/JobSeeking/HelpdeskSupportTechnicianLevel1_job****