Title: Delivery Manager  Digital
Webindex: 68626561
Company: La Fosse Associates Limited
Description: Delivery Manager  Digital Agency Delivery Manager with project management, prioritisation skills, optimising and reporting, social media and digital media is required to join an exciting Digital Agency based in Central London. The Delivery Manager will be responsible for taking ownership for a portfolio of exciting projects and making sure that they are delivered on time and to budget. Background The Delivery Manager will have experience working for a Digital Agency to understand the pressures and demands of customers. They will have a proven track record prioritising tasks and communicating project plans with clients. They will have experience working with Marketing, Sales, Product and Technology to achieve the right outcome, taking ownership for the overall result. The Delivery Manager will be an avid user of Social Media and will whole heartedly understand the role of digital in our world today. They must be a team player and thrive in a busy working environment. They will have an understanding and working knowledge of digital metrics  such as Google Analytics, Comscore, and eCRM systems such as Mailchimp. You will have a broad awareness of current and emerging digital technologies  (HTML5, JQuery, Database Systems, CSS, CMS Systems etc.) Responsibilities Work on companywide strategies regarding current use of digital, mobile and social media technologies that help define the business. Deliver consistently highquality, experiences across all of digital output: oversee all aspects of digital production. This includes all aspects of testing, and project management. Optimising and reporting: ensure that content is continually measured, tested and optimised to maximise traffic and delivery of our ongoing strategic and commercial objectives. Overarching timelines and prioritisation of projects against deadlines and commercial objectives. Individual project planning according to strict resource availability, timings, milestones and budgetary parameters. Support the Head of Creative and other senior managers in strategically aligning the business with the requirements of investors and the growth of the company according to the overall vision of the board. Ensuring the Creative Team is focused on achieving core objectives (project delivery, expertise and knowledge base, innovation) Act as delegate for Head of Creative: as and when required. This is a fantastic opportunity for an aspiring leader in the Digital world to really take a broad and responsible role in an exciting, growing organization. Please apply Online or email.