Title: P/T Web Editor  Chief Executive
Webindex: 71552870
Company: Triumph Consultants
Description: P/T Web Editor  Chief Executive Reference no: Tower Hamlets **** [temporary, but potentially long term role, subject to extension by the client] Where this vacancy is based: E14 **** What s involved with this role: To work with the Web Content Manager and the Web Team to support the implementation of the Tower Hamlets Customer Access, ICT and Communications Strategies. To facilitate staff, customers, elected members and other stakeholders accessing council information over the Internet and Intranet. To ensure that such information is relevant, accurate, up to date, meets their needs and improves the quality of service delivery. To edit and approve for publishing content across the council website and intranet using the Council s content management and document management systems, and other web publishing software paying particular attention to accurate use of written English and web accessibility. Specific to this order: You will be working with ICT and from the client side and manage the transition from Alterian **** to ACMp **** for the intranet and website and be well versed with User Acceptance Testing. You will also be required to adjust templates for the product. N.B. If, when replying, you fail to quote the Job Title Vacancy Reference No. your application will be AUTOMATICALLY REJECTED. Giving yourself the best chance of success: Please make sure that your CV is up to date and explains any gaps in employment. Your CV must cover the Essential Requirements (see below) of the role, including any DBS/CRB details and other qualifications called for. Your CV should also highlight that you are AVAILABLE TO START WORK IMMEDIATELY OR AT SHORT NOTICE. WE CANNOT USE INFORMATION IN COVERING LETTERS, SO YOUR CV MUST WORK AS A STANDALONE DOCUMENT We recommend that you consider sending us (see  below) a suitably tailored CV for each role that you apply for, listing somewhere near the top of your CV any key skills, experience and qualifications that relate specifically to this vacancy. Essentials The following requirements must be highlighted on your CV itself and NOT in a covering letter: UK working experience Availability to work CV should state either immediate or at short notice Significant recent experience as a copy writer and editor for publicly published media, preferably within a similar role and ideally within a public sector organisation Very experienced in using web technology software in a work environment; including Photoshop and Content Management and Publishing Systems Experienced with working with XHTML in a work environment Skilled with editing and writing customer focused service information accurately and in plain English Other preferable/desirable details to include on your CV, if applicable : Any local authority/public sector experience Any relevant qualifications held or being studied for Client: Public sector organisation Division(s)/Disciplines involved : Chief Executive/Web Editing Anticipated Length of Assignment: All of our roles are technically temporary, though opening assignments can be and often are, extended by clients on a longer term basis. This opening assignment is for 3 months. Hours per week: 14 days and working hours tbc Please do not contact us requesting progress updates. We read every CV sent to us, but due to high volumes are not able to respond to all unsuccessful applications, particularly where CVs do not address the essentials requested. You will, however, always hear from us by email if we are able to take your CV forward to the next stage. Please note that we check all ads at least once per day to ensure that the underlying roles remain live. If you wish to send a CV through to us that has been modified for this particular role then, as an alternative to applying on line, you may email it straight through to: jobstriumph.gb.com .but you must always remember to quote the reference number for the job in question, without which we will be unable to match your CV to the vacancy, given the number of applications that we receive each day. Please do note, however, that if the vacancy is no longer showing on the site it will no longer be live and you won t necessarily get a reply from us if that is the case. Triumph Consultants Limited